ScrapedJobID1:
Minimum 3 years Python/Django development Previous experience with NodeJS/Meteor/React as asset Experience with AWS or other cloud environment required CI/CD Experience required Fast learner and capable of multi-tasking Previous experience working in a team environment working with customers and other team members to understand and define requirements developing clear and understandable code developing automated tests working with team members, knowledge sharing Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday Django: 3 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID2:
Multiple positions ranging from intermediate up to team lead level (based on skill, regardless of the amount of experience or education), opening up immediately and throughout the year. Additional positions for specialists (for example, Android programmers, front-end developers, etc). Tell us your strengths and we’ll go from there. Other Positions: We are also hiring for other positions (software tester, business analyst, project manager, graphic designer, and UX designer). You may apply for multiple positions separately. If you know someone in any of these areas, please do them a quick and friendly favour by letting them know about this posting. Full time and permanent. Fast moving in terms of variety of work and expectations. Flexible hours (for example: choose to start your day between 6am and 10am, work late some days and shorter on others). Gain valuable career experience in the newest highlevel technologies (C#, .NET 5, Xamarin, SignalR, Java, MVC7, WCF, web services, SOA). Gain experience with many advanced software engineering tools and techniques (code generation, object relational mappers, advanced .NET reflection, etc). Gain experience with both small and large projects, with involvement throughout the product life-cycle. Opportunities to be involved with higher level architecture and design. Mentoring from experienced software architects and some of the smartest peers in the country, on exciting projects that you can really sink your teeth into. A blend of programming methodologies (deliberately part way between agile, Kanban, and waterfall plus occasional extreme and pair programming methodologies). Does not involve a lot of boring technical support or fixing broken legacy applications. Most of the learning is through hands-on trying and doing and collaborating. Meetings and formal training are minimized. Rarely requires meeting with a client for those who prefer not to. Environment allows for some privacy at your workstation as well as time to concentrate without distractions when you need it. Exchange city program: swap cities with one of our developers in another city! Pleasant covers good portion of travel, no cost accommodation, and stay for a month or two without using up any vacation. Highly intelligent. Fast learner and enjoys learning. Passionate about making software and very good at it. Gets deeply involved with challenges and will persevere at length to achieve victory. Takes pride in work. A deep appreciation for reusable code and the benefits of object oriented design. No specific requirements for formal education or industry experience. We evaluate each applicant based on merit rather than formalities. Ability to see opportunities for improvement everywhere. Experience with .NET or mobile development. Pragmatic approach to balancing perfectionism with getting the job done. Friendly, non-threatening, and non-political environment. Mid-sized company but retaining the speed and flexibility of a smaller company. We are a great environment for both outgoing people and those who are very shy and introverted (applicable to non-client facing positions). We strive to have every employee sitting near a window for natural light and to have plenty of plants throughout the office; we care about employee health. Free onsite massage therapy. Private nap rooms for isolated thinking time or for taking a nap if you didn’t sleep well last night. Atrium to enjoy the sun during lunch. Social events worth remembering (fencing competitions, curling, video game or board game parties, coding competitions, commando combat training, robotics club coming soon, etc). An example of our culture: Lunch together is in a very comfy sofa room, and even the quiet types are comfortable there. Unlimited access to pillage our kitchens for caffeine, sugar, healthy snacks, soups, and more : ) Additional perks that are cost-shared like motorized sit-stand desks. Task focused: everyone in the company heavily uses centralized to-do lists to stay organized, prioritize, and coordinate. Fast paced Consistent work/life balance: mandatory overtime is very rare. Pleasant Solutions is a dynamic company headquartered in Edmonton, a large satellite office in Toronto and Vancouver, and small satellite offices across Canada (including in Calgary, Ottawa, etc). Silicon Valley kind of excitement and growth potential. Fast growth: One of the 200 fastest growing technology companies in North America with 955% growth over 5 years (based on growth rates in published rankings of the 2014 Profit 500 and 2013 Deloitte Technology Fast 500). Canadian Profit Guide ranked us #88 out of 500 for fast growth in Canada, announced in Sept 2015. Stable and well diversified. We also operate Western Canada's most advanced studio, which might also be the largest capacity video marketing studio in Western Canada except for television and news stations. The studio team has won multiple awards. Full of smart and passionate people whom you can learn from. Very low employee turn-over rate, attesting to the value of working here. As of 2021, we have begun to greatly focus on in-house product development than previous years where we formerly had a focus on consulting services. Currently, our lead focus is on Webifier, a tool that lets non-technical people build their own full-blown web applications using spreadsheets, and which is beginning explosive growth (see https://pleasantsolutions.com/webifier) as well as privacy products as seen under Paranoid.com. We still do some software development services, electronics manufacturing, marketing services, and IT services. Other in-house products include the high-security Pleasant Password Server. An innovative technology company with an aim of achieving results in creative ways. We develop high quality software you will take pride in. Our company name says it all. Socially conscious (for example, we pay for employees to sponsor hundreds of WorldVision children). Achieved zero layoffs throughout Covid. What do you have to lose by exploring the possibility? Applying does not take long and we keep your application confidential (never disclosed to existing employer). Apply online today at https://pleasantsolutions.com/careers/apply/developer Even if you don't have your resume updated or ready to go, apply anyway; we want to hear from you! Please do not apply via email, apply only by visiting the https://pleasantsolutions.com/careers/apply/developer site. Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID3:
Collaborate with a team of producers, artists, and programmers from concept to deployment of a game product to bring the team’s vision to reality Design and write clean, readable code Bug fixing, maintenance and optimization Rapid prototyping Minimum 2 years’ experience developing in Java Script Passion and curiosity for games and mobile applications Ability to work under pressure and attention to detail 
ScrapedJobID4:
Employment Term: Full-Time, 8 month contract (Possibility of a 4 month extension) Location: Guelph, Ontario (Remote, with 2 week training in office) Must be an Ontario resident. Start Date: January, 2022 All aspects of the Game Development Process (Game Idea, coding, game design, UI design, paper prototype, MVP, game testing, receive feedback, publish game) Working in an agile-friendly environment, where you will test other peoples games, collect feedback on your game and implement the feedback Fix bugs on existing games as well as adding new features Use existing art assets, create your own, or work with third party assets Publish games to Google Play and App Store You will also be trained here at Adknown on all the above tasks 1+ years of Unity professional game development experience or a strong portfolio of equivalent Unity work Education: Graduate with a degree or diploma program in game development or equivalent field of study (Computer Science / Software Engineer) Able to create 15+ unique and creative Game Ideas following all requirements ( keeping in mind we have 250+ published games) Must embrace and be comfortable to receive feedback from your Manager and peers on your games Must be able to adapt your Game Idea / Game to the received feedback, and still get it to a publishable state from that feedback Strong understanding of Unity Engine, Game Design, and UI Design Time Management skills Art skills (Misc drawing skills, being able to draw 2D vector / pixel art, 3D art, color theory) An eye for understanding mobile game trends on Google Play and App Store and being able to translate that into your games Unity Shader skills Competitive Salary We offer the industry standard perks such as a fully stocked fridge, a giant staff room complete with pool table, foosball, dart board, bar, lounge area with TV and video games that you are welcome to everyday Weekly company paid team lunches downtown Guelph Free parking Regular social events ranging from board games, pizza parties, social games, and “field trips” that occur every quarter Work in a friendly, open, creative, fun and innovative work environment Some perks are unavailable due to Covid-19 PDF copy of your resume PDF copy of your cover letter explaining why you are the ideal candidate for this position 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Unity: 1 year (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID5:
or equivalent experience C C++ C# 5-10 people Programming software Programming languages Software development Initiative Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Reliability Organized Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID6:
Computer Programming/Programmer, General Computer Programming, Other Computer Science Computer Software and Media Applications, Other or equivalent experience Unity3D Microsoft Visual Studio Game studio Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications C C++ C# OpenGL Fast-paced environment Attention to detail Willing to relocate Relocation costs covered by employer Networking software 3D graphic software Programming software Software development Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized Remote work available Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits RRSP Benefits Vision Care Benefits Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID7:
Eager and willing to learn Strong communication skills; you will be speaking with clients Strong ability to problem solve Would have some experience in web development (JavaScript, TypeScript, CSS, etc.) Would have some education, eg.: Computer Systems Technology Diploma or B.Sc Computer Science. If you don't have any formal education, but feel like you'd be a good fit, please do not hesitate to apply. Experience in WordPress would be considered an asset One-on-one mentorship with experienced software engineer to help you hone your software development skills Robust benefits package Located in the Concourse Building at Innovation Place, you have access to the parks facilities including the Gym, Racket ball courts, games rooms, cafes, special events and more Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking RRSP match Vision care Wellness program 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID8:
or equivalent experience Startup company Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Program special effects software for film and video applications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications Bondable Criminal record check Internet access Cellular phone Own transportation Valid driver's licence Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Remote work available Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits Vision Care Benefits Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID9:
Work with publishing partners to fix bugs, integrate 3rd party SDKs, and polish the last 10% Maintain and update existing game, engine, and server code Develop and improve Noodlecake technologies including porting, publishing, account management, cross-promotion, analytics, and financial tools Design and implement new game features Port games to new platforms by implementing or adapting features as necessary Evaluate and provide feedback for new potential games to publish as well as games currently in development Be involved in the game creation process, including brainstorming, prototyping, development, testing, and launching games Adapt to the existing coding conventions in projects while writing good, clean code Maintain basic documentation of projects you've worked on Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent combination of education and work experience Familiar and comfortable with some of C# / Objective C / Java / C / C++ Understanding of good design patterns and how to write efficient code Competency with development software including Git and common IDEs Ability to quickly and effectively learn new technologies Ability to jump in and understand new code bases Ability to manage time effectively, work independently, and self start tasks Ability to effectively communicate progress and problems with a team Must be legally eligible to work in Canada Experience with game development Familiarity with Unity and / or Cocos2D Experience with mobile app development and distribution Experience using Macs and the command line Experience working with a team of developers Understanding of client-server based systems Knowledge of various cloud infrastructures and services Understanding of basic art / visual design and usability concepts Close proximity to Saskatoon, SK (although remote applicants are welcome) Flexible working hours Ability to work remote or hybrid 4 weeks starting vacation R&D time to work on self-selected side projects Subsidized parking Subsidized group health plan (after probation) Company bonus structures (after 1 year) 
ScrapedJobID10:
3D Game Developer Senior Developer Intermediate Developer Junior Developer DevOps: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID11:
Working closely with client studios to bring their games to realization Designing, implementing, and debugging game features Working on game toolsets and pipelines Analyzing and optimizing runtimes Collaborating on systems and tools to help designers implement their creative vision Building a solid relationship with your programming peers in-house and around the world Supporting your team mates to accomplish goals 3+ years professional experience Advanced programming skills in C++ AND C# with strong understanding of the fundamentals Emphasizes a deeper understanding of what the code is doing, not just that it works Experience with game engines such as Unity 3D and Unreal Engine Experience working in large codebases Understands how to analyze and optimize code Strong problem solving skills Comfortable with vector and matrix math and good with algorithms Understands various design patterns and their benefits/draw backs BSc in Computer Science or equivalent experience Experience with console development (PS4, Xbox One, etc.) Experience with mobile development Shipped game(s) Experience working directly with external clients The chance to work in triple-A, in a no-crunch modern studio with a relaxed atmosphere and a variety of work Comprehensive benefits package that covers Dental Care, Health Care (including out of country coverage), Vision Care, Long Term Disability, Physio, Massage etc. RRSP Matching and Employee Stock Purchase Programs Generous leave policies including 3 weeks paid vacation (plus 1 week over the Holiday Season), unlimited sick leave and 2 paid personal days. We also provide parental leave top-up and an Employee and Family Assistance Plan that offer 24/7 free and confidential help with your physical and mental health. A dynamic and supportive team environment with a range of experience and an amazing culture – we  have board game nights, movie, nights, arcade tournaments, and more to help blow off steam and hang out together. The opportunity to build or expand your career the way you want to, in a smaller studio connected to a global studio family A way-cool hoodie! Office Location: 981 Wellington Street West, Ottawa Ontario Canada Primary Working Language: English Monday to Friday No weekends C++: 3 years (preferred) C#: 3 years (preferred) Game Development Industry: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID12:
Collaborate with team members to review requirements and interface and application design specifications Design beautiful interfaces with an elegant simplicity that will revolutionize an industry Implement sophisticated single page web applications with top-notch loading times Strong computer science fundamentals demonstrated through a degree in computer science or engineering, plus work experience in the field Experience with JavaScript and single page web applications (HTML5, CSS3) Python development Linux, git Exceptional attention to detail and focus on quality We work in tight-knit teams to maximize speed and cultivate an ownership mentality. We cherish curiosity and an obsession for details because we know these details are invaluable over the long run. We promote an environment where ideas are challenged. The best ideas win! We're hyperfocused on our achievements and our ability to execute on our promises. We act with urgency. It's not always about us.* We give back to our community to ensure it can grow.* We love to compete and have fun. Our game nights are legendary 
ScrapedJobID13:
PHP / Laravel experience MySql experience Vuejs / React - frontend Has built a modern web app from start to finish Post secondary graduate Solution Needed: Crawl a website to generate all of the URLs (already built internally) Scrape the content off of each page Search sections of that content in Google to identify if it returns other examples showing that the content is in multiple locations Create a report/scoring algorithm to identify when a site has plagiarism and the extend of it Test the entire site scanning solution against best in class solutions like Copyscape which covers a single piece of content Future - Create a complete SAAS solution around this with payment, accounts etc Do you have family members that won’t play board games with you because you are too competitive? Do you love setting and achieving goals? Can you laugh at yourself? Do you love solving problems or puzzles and crushing a to-do list? Do notifications you have and unread messages drive you mad? Do you find winning as a team more fun than by yourself? Flexible hours Training with a senior developer Seeing a product you build go live Competitive compensation at $30/hr Remote Possible Pay - $30/hr Duration - 3 months (start Jan 3rd) PHP: 1 year (required) English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID14:
Bonus pay Flexible schedule Work from home 8 hour shift Game Developer: 3 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID15:
Build mobile games from the ground up for iOS, Android and Desktop using Unity and C# Get involved in all stages of game development, from inception to final testing Produce production-quality code Analyze code performance and architect optimizations Provide technical leadership in areas of specialization and assist colleagues with technical questions Confident, highly motivated, proactive, and efficient, organized, and detail oriented Ability to maintain a flexible working approach while achieving deadlines Passion for technology and isn’t afraid to “do the hard stuff” At least two year experience in game development using Unity3D and C# Recent experience building mobile games or apps for iOS and Android Superb debugging skills Interest and experience in most aspects of game technology development, such as 3D, UI/UX, audio/video, networking, AI, animation, gameplay, physics, and tools A passion for learning new technologies Experience developing in a professional setting (practical, hands-on experience planning, writing, debugging, and performance optimization) Excellent written and verbal skill 
ScrapedJobID16:
According to the Deloitte Fast 50 and Deloitte Fast 500, respectively. Write and test code that is performant, scalable, maintainable and meets functional requirements Collaborate with software developers, designers and product managers to build and drive innovation in our products Participate in code reviews and brown bags to help nurture a culture of growth and learning within the organization Bachelors' degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent experience 2+ years experience working in a similar or related role (including internships) Strong understanding of object-oriented software development Strong knowledge of Kotlin and the Android SDK Previous work experience with AWS is an asset Great verbal and written communication skills Ability to work independently or in a group setting Generous stock option package We match 100% of your contribution to your retirement plan up to $4000 annually Monthly public transportation stipend Annual gym membership stipend Dialogue membership - unlimited free video calls and texts with nurses and doctors anytime - they’ll even help you book IRL appointments 4 weeks of vacation and 5 sick/personal days Weekly happy hour Frequent team outings and off-sites Private healthcare - includes massages 
ScrapedJobID17:
Bonus pay Flexible schedule Work from home 8 hour shift Game Developer: 3 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID18:
Donner des conseils techniques et du soutien aux artistes Contrôler la ferme de rendu, l’utilisation des disques et le transfert de fichiers entre les sites Contribuer aux essais et recueillir les réactions concernant les nouvelles versions de logiciels de l’équipe de recherche et développement Concevoir et rédiger des scripts et des outils Python à petite échelle qui seront utilisés dans les projets Diplôme en informatique, en infographie ou dans un domaine connexe Expérience avec Linux Expérience avec Python Expérience de travail en effets visuels, en jeux ou dans un secteur connexe Expérience avec divers progiciels DCC comme Houdini, Katana, Nuke et Clarisse Provide technical advice and support for artists Monitor render farm, disk usage and file transfers between sites Contribute to testing and feedback for software releases from the R&D team Design and write small-scale Python tools and scripts for shows to use A degree in Computer Science, Computer Graphics or related field Experience with Linux Experience with Python Previous work experience in Visual Effects, Games or other related industry Experience with a variety of DCC packages such as Maya, Houdini, Katana, Nuke or Clarisse 
ScrapedJobID19:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications Criminal record check Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Internet Software development MS Office Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID20:
provide technical advice and support for artists monitor render farm, disk usage and file transfers between sites contribute to testing and feedback for software releases from the R&D team design and write small-scale Python tools and scripts for shows to use Experience with Linux Good knowledge of Maya Good Python scripting skills Previous work experience in Visual Effects, Games or another related industry Experience with a variety of DCC packages such as Houdini, Katana, Nuke or Clarisse A degree in Computer Science, Computer Graphics or related field 
ScrapedJobID21:
Creating responsive interactive websites and integrating with our in-house CMS Creating complex animations, games and experiences based on existing designs Applying industry best practices in web accessibility (WCAG 2.0), search engine optimization and analytics 10+ years of experience working with HTML/CSS/JS 5+ years of experience building interactive experiences with HTML canvas and animation libraries Keen eye for design and presentation Knowledge of fluid responsive UX design principles and best practices Experience working with CSS preprocessors (SASS/SCSS/Less/etc.) Experience working within a content management system, developing templates and reusable items, utilizing dynamic variables and functions Experience with modern JavaScript libraries Experience working with Adobe CS and UX prototyping software Experience with Microsoft Office suite or similar Ability to work autonomously and manage various home office tasks (home networking, OS updates, etc.) Dedicated and self-motivated: able to produce superb work on tight timelines and with minimal supervision Flexible and adaptable in the face of rapidly changing requirements and priorities Obsessed with quality, both in their own work and in the overall projects they contribute to A passionate advocate, who can argue for the best approach in a productive and professional way Great at working with multi-disciplinary teams, and with both technical and non-technical people Naturally curious and genuine interest in self-learning Excellent benefits package Flexible working conditions Opportunities for career challenges and growth, you help decide where you want to be and we’ll help you get there Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Day shift working with HTML/CSS/JS: 10 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID22:
Write well designed, testable, efficient code by using best software development practices Create website layout/user interface by using standard HTML/CSS practices Integrate data from various back-end services and databases Gather and refine specifications and requirements based on technical needs Create and maintain software documentation Be responsible for maintaining, expanding, and scaling our site Stay plugged into emerging technologies/industry trends and apply them into operations and activities Cooperate with web designers to match visual design intent Proven working experience in web programming Top-notch programming skills and in-depth knowledge of modern HTML/CSS Familiarity with at least one of the following programming languages: C#, ASP.NET, Javascript Strong structured database query language skills SQL and database design in Microsoft SQL Server Knowledge of Internet Information Sever set up A solid understanding of how web applications work including security, session management, and best development practices Adequate knowledge of relational database systems, Object Oriented Programming and web application development Hands-on experience with network diagnostics, network analytics tools Basic knowledge of Search Engine Optimization process Aggressive problem diagnosis and creative problem solving skills Strong organizational skills to juggle multiple tasks within the constraints of timelines and budgets with business acumen Ability to work and thrive in a fast-paced environment, learn rapidly and master diverse web technologies and techniques. BS in computer science or a related field Solid experience in C#, .net, javascript Proficient in JavaScript, HTML, CSS. Strong visual studio knowledge Solid SQL language skills Ability to design tables in Microsoft SQL database Server Knowledge of Microsoft Access database 
ScrapedJobID23:
Collaborate with your colleagues to implement and support user-facing web sites. Contribute to the development of modern, performant, and accessible web sites. Take responsibility for technical problem solving, including creatively meeting product objectives and developing best practices. Explore new technologies and processes to align with our customers' needs. Participate in planning to help map out and estimate development effort. 5+ years of web development experience. Well-versed with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and a modern JavaScript framework (React, Vue, Angular). Proficient knowledge of a back-end language as well as API’s (GraphQL, REST). Familiar with code versioning tools, such as Git. Interest in and aptitude for learning new technologies and skills. BS in Computer Science, related discipline, or equivalent degree. DevOps and understanding of CI/CD pipelines. Cloud service platforms (Azure, AWS). Scrum and agile based methodologies. Static site generators (GatsbyJS, Next.js, hugo). 
ScrapedJobID24:
Building new and rich experiences to make it easier to create real world simulations within Unity Writing high-quality, clean code that is production-grade Partner with other AI@Unity teams to ensure clean integration across the domain specific packages such as Robotics and Computer Vision. Programming experience in one of the following languages: Go, Python, Java, or C# Strong foundation in data structures, algorithms, and software designand software design Excellent verbal and written communication skills Currently enrolled in a Canadian Post-Secondary institution, graduating in December 2022 or in 2023. Knowledge of Unity Engine, 3D simulators or game development Academic or professional experience in Machine Learning, Simulations, or Physics 
ScrapedJobID25:
Implement useful user interfaces to help our users do what they need to do. Propose novel solutions for fixing bugs so that they never happen again. Write automated tests, follow good software practices to build robust software, and help us iteratively improve the way we do things. Have several years of experience coding front-end applications. Experience with specific languages is nice-to-have but not required. Are able to take a design, empathize with how the user will experience it, and recommend changes that can both improve that experience and make it easier to build and maintain. Possess a strong ability to take an idea for a product and turn it into code. Display strong communication skills so you can collaborate easily with your teammates. Have Typescript or static typing experience. Are familiar with Web Components, Shadow DOM. Have Python experience (even better if you have Django or some other ORM). Have experience with the UNIX toolchain; most of our code runs in a Linux environment and it's useful to know how to work with these. Are comfortable taking the lead on your responsibilities, driving them forward, and helping other developers do the same. A very competitive compensation package. We want the best! A great health benefits program. The opportunity to work fully remote, with a budget to set up your perfect home office. Paid coaching and mentorship of your choice to grow your skills and career. A place where you will be free to be yourself, where you will be able to express your creativity, where you will be listened to, and where you will have a chance to play a part in redefining work. Work with a team that wants you to succeed, managers that want you to grow, and a company that values its people. TypeScript and Web Components for the client-side, implemented via LitElement. Python and Django for the server-side. Anything that you think will help us do better. We’re not hard-set on any specific technology and are always happy to explore new options. 
ScrapedJobID26:
Work on a variety of exciting projects Write maintainable, testable, and performant software in collaboration with our world-class team Participate in code reviews and performing extensive testing to ensure high quality software Research new technologies and tools and share those findings with the team 2+ years of professional experience in a full-stack software development role Front-end experience using JavaScript and modern JS frameworks like React or/and Angular or/and Vue Some back-end experience with technologies like Node or/and Java or/and C# Deep understanding of the components of a modern web application (APIs, templating, routing, data storage, design patterns, optimization, caching, security) Fluency with relational and non relational databases You’re eager to expand your knowledge and learn new technologies You love collaboration and problem solving You’re self-reflective and try to learn from your mistakes You learn quickly and aren’t afraid to ask questions You get excited when your team succeeds 3 weeks flexible vacations and additional sick leaves Complete office shut down last week of December Extended Health Benefits including life, medical, vision and dental, virtual consultations and family assistance program Parental leave policy Lots of opportunities for learning, growth & development Quarterly staff events and bi-weekly team socials When in office: Dog friendly workplace, snacks, games, quiet spaces, and lots of coffee! 
ScrapedJobID27:
4+ years experience coding in HTML, CSS, and jQuery, with a passion for front-end interfaces Someone with a passion for web design The ability to review designs and provide a time estimate for your work Someone who can deliver high quality code while adhering to web development best practices Experience writing SEO friendly code Experience using CSS preprocessors such as SASS or LESS Experience using grid-based frameworks such as Bootstrap or Foundation Experience collaborating with a team Experience in web or interface design Experience with Wordpress, Magento, or other CMS and shopping cart systems Experience in PHP and MySQL Experience using Github Agency experience 
ScrapedJobID28:
A degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering (or related training) In-depth knowledge of JavaScript (ES6/2015+) Experience building mobile web apps, preferably with React Native Experience with RESTful API consumption, caching, and error handling Familiarity with Git, pull requests, and CI/CD workflows Experience with GraphQL (or a strong willingness to learn) A passion for clean architecture and future-proof code + a desire to stay up to date in web tech A collaborative and innovative spirit Experience with a client state manager, like Apollo Client Experience with automated testing frameworks such as Jest Experience with profiling and optimizing your creations Experience with native mobile development (either native projects or writing plugins for React Native) Your CV, highlighting your background, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID29:
3D Game Developer Senior Developer Intermediate Developer Junior Developer DevOps: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID30:
Producing high quality work adhering to Acro Media standards and following the Acro Media production process Implementing updates & revisions to web sites Contributing code back to the Drupal community, testing and responding to issues, maintaining modules. Working independently on multiple smaller tasks or larger builds with shifting priorities and tight deadlines Adhering to and providing accurate estimates for the amount of time required to repair a defect, a build, or to add additional functionality to an existing application Providing efficient solutions in a timely manner for work requests, issues, and defects Communicating well with Account Managers, Supervisors, and Clients in regards to work requests, problems and defects Acting as both a peer/mentor to other Developers as well as be comfortable asking for help from team members Ability to find and fix problems in code, this might not be your code and your only hint might be a cryptic complaint from a client. A good mix of web development skills, you should be able to build out site template and then code all the gears and pulleys behind the scenes as well, we try not to have people who do all HTML/CSS and people who do all backend coding, we like people who can multi-class. You’re not going to work on the same thing for 8 months. If you only have experience on embedded systems or just design sexy layouts, maybe try to brush up on your weaker areas, we are open minded though so don’t let this scare you away. Our designers use Photoshop, so when you’re building out the templates, it’s good to know how to navigate around this application. Basic knowledge of how layers work, and the use of some the more important tools that are required for taking apart the design and deriving all the images for web-use is a plus. We're open to good programmers who know other languages and technologies and are will to learn, but below is a list of a bunch of stuff we normally work with: PHP SQL CSS3/HTML5 Javascript/jQuery XML Bonus: C++/Objective C/C#/C If you know other languages don’t forget to mention them, if you are a badass Lisp hacker type, mention that. Comfortable working in a Linux shell to do day-to-day tasks. Hopefully, you have installed Linux on something at least once, even if it was just your Xbox, phone...or vacuum etc. (For real though, you can get Linux installed on a Roomba) Some understanding of Linux hosting if at all possible. Have you configured your own server? Did you setup a web server for your house or friends, even if no one else really cared? Prior experience with a source control system (ex, SVN, Git, GitHub, etc.) Has some coding work to send us Formal education or prior experience is NOT required, we just want to know that you can code, so you’ll have to have some work you can show us. An excellent internet connection is required; you must be able to sustain an hour long conference call without any issues All offers of employment with Acro Media Inc are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Flex start times & Earned days off: Do you prefer to start at 8:00? or 9:00? We'll work with you. Want every second Friday off? Well we've got a program for that too! Paid Overtime for all roles...including salary positions: What? What?! Yep you heard right. We pay for all approved OT...not that we want everyone working so hard, but with the natural ebb and flow of our industry sometimes it's needed to blast out the OT in order to keep our heads above water. We find this little pay cheque nugget is a nice reward for the over timerz. Slappies: Tougher to explain but once a month we get together and have a little ceremony, some food, a few brews - no altars or corporate chants involved. Fun day: We aim to have fun every day; however, every year for a day we cram a bunch of fun on ourselves. Weee! SPARC Events: Sometimes we have an in-house breakfast, team building events, (less corny than it sounds), competitions, or just a plain little reward for no reason. It's a little spark in our usually normal days. Warning, we make you wear costumes. Often. Culture: We're a certain type of people. We're all a little different and unique in our own way but we seem to work well together. No one’s perfect and we embrace that. We take our work seriously, but we don't take ourselves too seriously. Check out our site to get to know us! Remote work available! 
ScrapedJobID31:
We work in tight-knit teams to maximize speed and cultivate an ownership mentality. We cherish curiosity and an obsession for details because we know these details are invaluable over the long run. We promote an environment where ideas are challenged. The best ideas win! We're hyperfocused on our achievements and our ability to execute on our promises. We act with urgency. It's not always about us.* We give back to our community to ensure it can grow.* We love to compete and have fun. Our game nights are legendary. 
ScrapedJobID32:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications Criminal record check Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Internet Software development MS Office Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Organized Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID33:
provide technical advice and support for artists monitor render farm, disk usage and file transfers between sites contribute to testing and feedback for software releases from the R&D team design and write small-scale Python tools and scripts for shows to use Experience with Linux Good knowledge of Maya Good Python scripting skills Previous work experience in Visual Effects, Games or another related industry Experience with a variety of DCC packages such as Houdini, Katana, Nuke or Clarisse A degree in Computer Science, Computer Graphics or related field 
ScrapedJobID34:
Designing levels that carefully introduce new gameplay mechanics in natural ways Conceptualizing game ideas and mechanics in detail Prototyping and testing new mechanics and systems Working closely with developers and artists to implement ideas Using player behavior to adjust existing levels as necessary and inform the design of new levels At least 1 year of experience as a Level Designer on a casual Puzzle or Solitaire title, or 3 years experience as a Game Designer Proven game design talents and excellent knowledge of free to play game mechanics The ability to relay visual information to the user in an intuitive and aesthetically pleasing manner The ability to think through and document designs resulting in cohesive feature specs An appetite to learn, grow and take on increasingly more responsibility Have experience building and managing game models in spreadsheets Can communicate product design and paint a picture with data Have experience working with Unity Work from anywhere - remote and in-office options Join a world class team eager to learn something new everyday You’ll be equipped with high-end equipment Competitive compensation and benefits Stock Options, Group RRSP and employer matching Generous allowances and perks Uken social nights including mixers, game night, and more - we take entertainment seriously! Convenient location in the heart of downtown Toronto at Front & John St. 
ScrapedJobID35:
Creating responsive interactive websites and integrating with our in-house CMS Creating complex animations, games and experiences based on existing designs Applying industry best practices in web accessibility (WCAG 2.0), search engine optimization and analytics 10+ years of experience working with HTML/CSS/JS 5+ years of experience building interactive experiences with HTML canvas and animation libraries Keen eye for design and presentation Knowledge of fluid responsive UX design principles and best practices Experience working with CSS preprocessors (SASS/SCSS/Less/etc.) Experience working within a content management system, developing templates and reusable items, utilizing dynamic variables and functions Experience with modern JavaScript libraries Experience working with Adobe CS and UX prototyping software Experience with Microsoft Office suite or similar Ability to work autonomously and manage various home office tasks (home networking, OS updates, etc.) Dedicated and self-motivated: able to produce superb work on tight timelines and with minimal supervision Flexible and adaptable in the face of rapidly changing requirements and priorities Obsessed with quality, both in their own work and in the overall projects they contribute to A passionate advocate, who can argue for the best approach in a productive and professional way Great at working with multi-disciplinary teams, and with both technical and non-technical people Naturally curious and genuine interest in self-learning Excellent benefits package Flexible working conditions Opportunities for career challenges and growth, you help decide where you want to be and we’ll help you get there Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Day shift working with HTML/CSS/JS: 10 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID36:
Lead our games through their full cycle, from concept to release Design game economy, game mechanics & monetization Create clear & complete game design documentation for game content & features Communicate and prioritize game design to relevant stakeholders; facilitate the production process and be involved in critical review milestones Lead and balance game KPI based on data analytics and market trend decisions Help come up with new & accurate game themes Have at least 3 years of hyper-casual game design experience - a must Extensive Unity experience with the ability to prototype and take a project end to end - a must Have a proven history of managing complex design projects in a fast-paced environment Enjoy challenges and problem solving Be immersed in the gaming world, know the market and current trends Be positive and self-driven, with the ability to be collaborative in a team environment Have proven ability to conceptualize, create and implement game concepts using various tools and technology A broad understanding of core-loop, meta-game, game-balance, economy, and monetization models Have excellent creative, analytical, and organizational skills with proven ability to write, communicate and maintain detailed design documentation throughout Broad knowledge of games; passion for casual, mobile and classic arcade game genres. Proficiency in Microsoft Excel, Flash, Perforce, Unity and Adobe Photoshop - an advantage Competitive Salary (we also offer visa/relocation support) Make an impact - shape our next hit mobile game, reaching millions of end-users! Personal growth - we encourage continuous learning and experimentation A supportive and creative international team of professionals 
ScrapedJobID37:
Conduct thorough and accurate software testing and provide approvals during development. This can be anything from daily games, io games, and websites. Identify, analyze, and document defects, questionable functions, and inconsistencies in software Ensure features meet the defined acceptance criteria Document software defects in Jira in a manner that developers can reproduce easily 2+ years software quality assurance experience Proven ability to efficiently write effective test cases that provide in depth coverage of functionality Experience working with teams to analyze and contribute ideas to product discussions, designs and decisions and understand product requirements to ensure that they are implemented correctly Experience required in implementing test practices and standard, and establishing measures of product readiness. Strong planning and organizational skills involving executing on multiple priorities using strong time management skills A self directed work ethic with good attention to detail QA certification Experience with Atlassian products (JIRA, Confluence) Examples of QA work out in the wild (open source projects, etc) 
ScrapedJobID38:
Develop applications using Oracle Application Express (APEX) Collaborate with team members, business analysts, global process owners, others to plan, design, develop, test, and maintain applications Assist in collecting and documenting user requirements Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of application software Design, develop and unit test applications in accordance with established standards Participate in peer-review of solution designs and related code Develop, refine, and tune integrations between applications Develop software for performance, security, and error handling Analyze and resolve technical and application problems Assist in assessing opportunities for application and process improvement Assist in the collaboration required for shared development environments Assists in resolving and carrying out development standards and best practices Perform application related Security Significant real-world experience, or foundational training, in programming, system development, system or business management General understanding of Software Development Lifecycles Basic understanding of relational database (Oracle preferred, but not required) Basic understanding of HTML & web development technologies Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to work in a highly collaborative environment with minimal direction Experience working with Agile development frameworks Ability to handle the development of multiple projects in a fast-paced environment based on contending priorities Designing, developing, testing/QA and implementing software Database Development experience (Oracle Database experience is a plus) Data Modeling is a plus Security+ Certification is a plus Python / Machine Learning knowledge is a plus APEX JavaScript HTML/CSS RESTful Web Services JSON SQL PL/SQL Version Control (Git preferred, but not required) Cloud-based development (OCI preferred, but any cloud experience is a plus) 
ScrapedJobID39:
Craft scalable JavaScript and Python code to integrate with customer websites, apps, and APIs Flex your Javascript muscle to design/develop single page web apps that use Redux Work with Django in a microservices architecture Implement APIs over HTTP and gRPC Strong computer science fundamentals demonstrated through a degree in computer science or engineering, plus work experience in the field Experience with JavaScript and single page web applications (HTML5, CSS3) Python development Linux, git Exceptional attention to detail and focus on quality We work in tight-knit teams to maximize speed and cultivate an ownership mentality. We cherish curiosity and an obsession for details because we know these details are invaluable over the long run. We promote an environment where ideas are challenged. The best ideas win! We're hyperfocused on our achievements and our ability to execute on our promises. We act with urgency. It's not always about us. We give back to our community to ensure it can grow. We love to compete and have fun. Our game nights are legendary. 
ScrapedJobID40:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Program special effects software for film and video applications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications Criminal record check Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID41:
Profit sharing Stock options Monday to Friday Virtual Reality Development in Unity: 6 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID42:
Develop systems to support the functionality of the product Collaborate with designers and artists to implement and refine features Ensure timely and high-quality modular software development, including code reviews and testing Independently implement complex components of interactive applications 2+ years of C++ development in the Unreal Engine Good understanding of VR gameplay technologies and interaction Thorough understanding of UE4 architecture and preferred pipelines Experience with voice intention analysis and machine learning Ability to write clear, maintainable and optimized code Team player, preferably with experience in an agile environment such as Scrum or Kanban Capability to work remotely Legally authorized to work in Canada and located in Canada Behaviour Trees Experience with mobile Oculus Quest platform 
ScrapedJobID43:
Develop new features and product improvements Prepare documentation related to implementation Perform code reviews and provide feedback Have a proficient understanding of software development processes Interface with internal departments to investigate and resolve reported software issues Follow a development plan established by the Sr. Engineers of the teams Have practical experience with C#, .NET, and Windows programming Experience using Visual Studio, source control, issues tracking systems Good understanding of OOP design and implementation Ability and skill to troubleshoot Ability to communicate clearly and competently, in writing and verbally Knowledge of relational databases such as Oracle and SQL Serve Practical experience with SOAP and REST web services Basic knowledge of development frameworks and libraries such as MVC, JQuery, .NET Core, and HTML Basic knowledge of containerizing applications Basic knowledge of Kubernetes ecosystem and helm charts Understanding of gradle builds MVC, JQuery,/Net Core Web development, HTML and Relational/Graph database integration 
ScrapedJobID44:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Program special effects software for film and video applications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications PHP Java JavaScript CSS Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Tight deadlines Word processing software Spreadsheet Networking software Networking hardware Intranet Servers Programming software Web service design Website creation and management software MS Office Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID45:
Creating responsive layouts for multiple viewports Working with and writing PHP code Using and writing code for WordPress 
ScrapedJobID46:
Develop systems to support the functionality of the product Collaborate with designers and artists to implement and refine features Ensure timely and high-quality modular software development, including code reviews and testing Independently implement complex components of interactive applications 2+ years of C++ development in the Unreal Engine Good understanding of VR gameplay technologies and interaction Thorough understanding of UE4 architecture and preferred pipelines Experience with voice intention analysis and machine learning Ability to write clear, maintainable and optimized code Team player, preferably with experience in an agile environment such as Scrum or Kanban Capability to work remotely Legally authorized to work in Canada and located in Canada Behaviour Trees Experience with mobile Oculus Quest platform 
ScrapedJobID47:
Develop new features and product improvements Prepare documentation related to implementation Perform code reviews and provide feedback Have a proficient understanding of software development processes Interface with internal departments to investigate and resolve reported software issues Follow a development plan established by the Sr. Engineers of the teams Have practical experience with C#, .NET, and Windows programming Experience using Visual Studio, source control, issues tracking systems Good understanding of OOP design and implementation Ability and skill to troubleshoot Ability to communicate clearly and competently, in writing and verbally Knowledge of relational databases such as Oracle and SQL Serve Practical experience with SOAP and REST web services Basic knowledge of development frameworks and libraries such as MVC, JQuery, .NET Core, and HTML Basic knowledge of containerizing applications Basic knowledge of Kubernetes ecosystem and helm charts Understanding of gradle builds MVC, JQuery,/Net Core Web development, HTML and Relational/Graph database integration 
ScrapedJobID48:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Program special effects software for film and video applications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications PHP Java JavaScript CSS Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Tight deadlines Word processing software Spreadsheet Networking software Networking hardware Intranet Servers Programming software Web service design Website creation and management software MS Office Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID49:
Creating responsive layouts for multiple viewports Working with and writing PHP code Using and writing code for WordPress 
ScrapedJobID50:
Develop new user-facing features, from the database all the way to the applications themselves. Fix bugs in new and existing code. Optimize applications for maximum speed and scalability. Opportunity is based at MuniSight’s office in Old Strathcona (Edmonton, AB) Experience with our technology stack (C#, ASP.NET, MS SQL, JavaScript, PostgreSQL, Geoserver, etc.). Familiarity with agile development methods. Strong understanding of software architecture design patterns. Strong ability to collaborate in a design team. Strong ability to set goals and achieve those goals. Strong ability and willingness to learn. A University Degree or diploma 
ScrapedJobID51:
Create innovative hit games Write robust code to be used by millions of users Ability to deconstruct, analyze and adapt mobile games mechanics Support and contribute new ideas to game features You have a creative and hacker mindset You have at least 5 years of professional experience on Unity or other game engines You have a good sense of gameplay experience and special attention to details You are familiar with optimization issues You speak and write English Track record with successful mobile games Professional game development experience 
ScrapedJobID52:
E-sport tools both for tournament organization and streaming; Internal transversal tools that target internal developers; Products to enable Ubisoft content indexation and search. Develop and maintain web applications, databases and APIs targeting both internal and external clients; Identify and troubleshoot system deficiencies and recommend solutions; Work closely with teammates for designing, coding, and test-plan reviews to help build robust applications and foster knowledge sharing; Participate in code reviews; Work alongside DevOps team to ensure the support of developed applications in all environments. You are proficient with .NET Core ecosystem (ASP.NET Core, Entity Framework…) You have experience with relational and non-relational databases You already worked with AWS (or Azure) You master the web ecosystem, and you understand (or already worked with) technologies like Web Sockets, Graphql or WebRTC You are familiar with different caching strategies You have an ability to work as part of a team with good communication & interpersonal skills, written and spoken. 
ScrapedJobID53:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science 3+ years professional experience in CMS and/or web development with languages and environments such as JAVA or AEM Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to work virtually (with Slack and Zoom) Ability to strongly voice your opinions, while still actively hearing others Foresight to find and fix issues before anyone ever notices something is wrong. Canadian Citizenship or authorization to work within Canada The ability to work in the USA and willingness to travel globally (after Covid - we're all grounded for now) Passion for what you do Work as part of the team to consult with clients, build relationships, discuss requirements, and lend your expertise Develop innovative solutions in a collaborative team environment - delivering not only what’s asked for, but going beyond to what they didn’t realize they needed. Implement your solutions, get into the nitty gritty alongside your team Work with new and existing websites to build reusable and modular web pages / features Develop and replicate design patterns Work independently on internal projects or for one off clients Perform accessibility testing along with cross-browser and device testing A sense of humour No fear of dogs (semi-mandatory) Board games you don’t mind occasionally sharing with the team A resume that tells a story - show us don't tell us why you're awesome Willingness to pitch in and wear different hats occasionally (figuratively, and maybe literally) An understanding of what being a consultant means Office dogs Flexible hours and generous time off Annual bonuses and raises based on performance Work in a small team, but work on enterprise grade projects Full health benefits from day 1 RRSP Matching Program Travel opportunities A variety of comfortable working spaces Exciting social events Hilarious co-workers Excellent office-supplied coffee, drinks, snacks, and espresso 
ScrapedJobID54:
Assemble finished digital collectibles using content delivered from partners on a regular cadence. QA the collectibles to ensure accuracy of information and a high level of production quality. Maintain a steady flow of new content as live events take place. Collaborate on the upcoming stream of collectibles and merchandising strategy. Create collections of content during off peak times. Extensive knowledge of the professional sports leagues, the athletes, their history and what fans want. Deep understanding of fans and the culture of sports fandom. Excellent and up to date knowledge of game rules and terminology. Experience with sports collectibles/trading cards and the collector mindset. Proficient with computer data entry (JSON and basic understanding of APIs experience a plus). Able to quickly learn and master custom computer tools and interfaces. Excellent verbal and written skill (Copywriting experience a plus). Able to work evenings and weekends as needed (We work in multiple shifts to manage the quickest turnaround possible). Confident team collaborator who is comfortable taking direction or setting direction. Solid communication skills with the ability to interact at all levels of management. 
ScrapedJobID55:
Work with other teams and departments throughout the development process from ideation to release and live operations support Create frameworks and systems that can be reused across projects Aid design teams in rapidly prototyping game ideas in Unity Help artists and UI/UX teams with pipelines for creating visual content Proactively share knowledge with peers and provide training where needed Share project status, dependencies, risks, costs, and options through effective and clear communication 3+ years commercial experience with Unity and C# Strong software engineering skills Experience providing cross-device solutions that address performance, reliability, security, and scalability issues Knowledge and expertise in making networked multiplayer games is a plus Computer Science/Software Engineering degree or equivalent work experience Competitive salary and extraordinary incentive plan tied to company goals Extended health, dental & vision benefits, a health & wellness spending account, and an employee & Family Assistance Program 3 weeks vacation + paid winter holiday closure + 10 paid personal/sick days per year Annual $3,000 self development budget to attend conferences, courses, training – you name it! Work Style Benefit - $100/month stipend to help cover the cost of parking, home internet, fitness apps - whatever you need to be comfortable working from home or in one of our hub offices! Home Ergonomic Benefit for your home office - $1,000 Paid short or long term parental leave Charitable gift matching up to $1,000 per year for recognized causes that you support + 3 paid volunteer days per year We have 3 hub offices located in Kelowna, Vancouver and Seattle along with remote employees across North America Our hub offices are accessible and set up to accommodate your preferences; from casual drop-ins, to a dedicated desk, it’s up to how you work best! If you’re based outside of one of our office hub locations, you can work remotely, with some occasional travel to BC 
ScrapedJobID56:
Oversee the Hyper Casual games pipeline, from ideation stage to release Build a strategic Product plan for the Hyper Casual Lab Work with the external and internal teams - mentor them to successfully develop and deliver high profile games Conduct Competitors & Market analysis - identify trends, patterns, and best practices Review games KPI’s based on data analytics and market trends Help come up with new & engaging game themes and mechanics Proven Hyper Casual game design experience - a must! Be immersed in the gaming world, know the market and current trends in Hyper Casual Have excellent creative, analytical and organizational skills with proven ability to write, communicate and maintain detailed design documentation throughout Be positive and self-driven, with the ability to collaborate in a team environment Proficiency in Microsoft Excel, Flash, Perforce, Unity and Adobe Photoshop - an advantage Fluency in English-Both written and verbal communication. Competitive Salary (we also offer visa/relocation support) Make an impact - shape our next hit mobile game, reaching millions of end-users! Personal growth - we encourage continuous learning and experimentation A supportive and creative international team of professionals 
ScrapedJobID57:
Implement useful user interfaces to help our users do what they need to do. Propose novel solutions for fixing bugs so that they never happen again. Write automated tests, follow good software practices to build robust software, and help us iteratively improve the way we do things. Have several years of experience coding front-end applications. Experience with specific languages is nice-to-have but not required. Are able to take a design, empathize with how the user will experience it, and recommend changes that can both improve that experience and make it easier to build and maintain. Possess a strong ability to take an idea for a product and turn it into code. Display strong communication skills so you can collaborate easily with your teammates. Have Typescript or static typing experience. Are familiar with Web Components, Shadow DOM. Have Python experience (even better if you have Django or some other ORM). Have experience with the UNIX toolchain; most of our code runs in a Linux environment and it's useful to know how to work with these. Are comfortable taking the lead on your responsibilities, driving them forward, and helping other developers do the same. A very competitive compensation package. We want the best! A great health benefits program. The opportunity to work fully remote, with a budget to set up your perfect home office. Paid coaching and mentorship of your choice to grow your skills and career. A place where you will be free to be yourself, where you will be able to express your creativity, where you will be listened to, and where you will have a chance to play a part in redefining work. Work with a team that wants you to succeed, managers that want you to grow, and a company that values its people. TypeScript and Web Components for the client-side, implemented via LitElement. Python and Django for the server-side. Anything that you think will help us do better. We’re not hard-set on any specific technology and are always happy to explore new options. 
ScrapedJobID58:
Develop storyboards to outline the work and vision that needs to be accomplished Create real time 3D visualizations for design applications as well as internal and external use Using animation, illustration, drawing and design skills create visuals that convey ideas representing the vision of the wok Create Building Information Management (BIM) models and other artefacts towards the development of digital twins for nuclear applications Using expertise in the development area, work in a multidisciplinary team to design and develop 3D visualization of nuclear systems and components Present work in highly impactful manner both internally and externally to influence buy-in and decision making Diploma in Interactive Media Development, Game Development, Interaction Design or similar program 3-5 years of experience developing 3D animations, visualizations and game development using gaming platforms such as Unreal Engine Experience in developing industrial applications; nuclear technology applications experience is an asset Visualization of operation sequences, assets and infrastructure, live data, and apps Automation and programming to integrate live equipment data into visualizations Optimization of project files in Unreal Engine or equivalent environment Preparation of documentation and user manuals for the systems developed Development of Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality applications Opportunity to work on various projects of various sizes Competitive salary Motivational financial package & flexible benefits Defined contribution pension plan in which SNC-Lavalin contributes Work equipment provided according to the season (boot, bib, helmet, gloves, etc.); Employee Share Ownership Plan (ESOP) Employee Assistance Program (EAP) 3 weeks of vacation time Learning and Development programs, training, career opportunities 
ScrapedJobID59:
Contribute to the codebase using our programming languages such as JavaScript or Go Build new features in either Front-end (React) or Back-end (Node.js, Go, AWS, Postgres) Contribute to bug remediation and defect fixes Support Product and the team with prioritization Contribute to writing and maintaining database schema, queries and procedures Contribute in solutioning, Implementing and Maintaining Cloud Systems and Infrastructure 1-2+ years of experience with front end development (including ES2015/16 JavaScript, CSS, modern frameworks, etc.) 1-2+ years of experience with back-end development (including Node.js, Postgres, Redis, Go, etc.) Bachelor’s degree or post-secondary certification (College, Bootcamp) in computer science and/or engineering or equivalent experience A passion for solving hard problems and developing delivering extraordinary software to our customers Exceptional analytical, communication, and problem-solving skills Health and Wellness Benefits: 100% paid by us for health and dental from day one. And our vision care is every 12 months! We also offer a wellness/fitness reimbursement, that can go towards things like gym memberships, yoga classes, soccer membership fees or a bike. Professional development: we have an external learning budget to help you grow and develop. We host a learning workshop about every 6 weeks on topics like Time Management, Self-Awareness and Giving Feedback; we also have e-learning to meet the needs of our remote team. We offer a Career Development Program to help you identify and build your skillsets for internal growth opportunities and beyond. We also have a Coaching Program for all our managers. We know how important it is to have a good boss, so we invest in their development. Vacation: it's open, which means we don't worry about an accrual clock. On average, we see most folks enjoying between 3-4 weeks off a year. Parental leave: Best-in-class top-up for new parents - 100% for 15 weeks new parents and a bonus 5 weeks for birth mothers. Flexibility & trust – While we are remote for now, we enable our team to create a work environment that will set them up for success. We hire adults and we trust you to manage your outcomes. Day-to-day, everyone is given the option to decide whether they want to work remote or in-office depending on the needs of their role. Back in the Office – If you choose to come into the office once we’re back, you will have access to snacks and beverages and in-office games like Switch, chess and ping-pong. We will be offering up lots of opportunity for team socials too, including the folks who are remote! 
ScrapedJobID60:
According to the Deloitte Fast 50 and Deloitte Fast 500, respectively. Write and test code that is performant, scalable, maintainable and meets functional requirements Collaborate with software developers, designers and product managers to build and drive innovation in our products Participate in code reviews and brown bags to help nurture a culture of growth and learning within the organization Bachelors' degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent experience 2+ years experience working in a similar or related role (including internships) Strong understanding of object-oriented software development Strong knowledge of Kotlin and the Android SDK Previous work experience with AWS is an asset Great verbal and written communication skills Ability to work independently or in a group setting Generous stock option package We match 100% of your contribution to your retirement plan up to $4000 annually Monthly public transportation stipend Annual gym membership stipend Dialogue membership - unlimited free video calls and texts with nurses and doctors anytime - they’ll even help you book IRL appointments 4 weeks of vacation and 5 sick/personal days Weekly happy hour Frequent team outings and off-sites Private healthcare - includes massages 
ScrapedJobID61:
Contribute to the codebase using our programming languages such as JavaScript or Go Build new features in either Front-end (React) or Back-end (Node.js, Go, AWS, Postgres) Contribute to bug remediation and defect fixes Support Product and the team with prioritization Contribute to writing and maintaining database schema, queries and procedures Contribute in solutioning, Implementing and Maintaining Cloud Systems and Infrastructure 1-2+ years of experience with front end development (including ES2015/16 JavaScript, CSS, modern frameworks, etc.) 1-2+ years of experience with back-end development (including Node.js, Postgres, Redis, Go, etc.) Bachelor’s degree or post-secondary certification (College, Bootcamp) in computer science and/or engineering or equivalent experience A passion for solving hard problems and developing delivering extraordinary software to our customers Exceptional analytical, communication, and problem-solving skills Health and Wellness Benefits: 100% paid by us for health and dental from day one. And our vision care is every 12 months! We also offer a wellness/fitness reimbursement, that can go towards things like gym memberships, yoga classes, soccer membership fees or a bike. Professional development: we have an external learning budget to help you grow and develop. We host a learning workshop about every 6 weeks on topics like Time Management, Self-Awareness and Giving Feedback; we also have e-learning to meet the needs of our remote team. We offer a Career Development Program to help you identify and build your skillsets for internal growth opportunities and beyond. We also have a Coaching Program for all our managers. We know how important it is to have a good boss, so we invest in their development. Vacation: it's open, which means we don't worry about an accrual clock. On average, we see most folks enjoying between 3-4 weeks off a year. Parental leave: Best-in-class top-up for new parents - 100% for 15 weeks new parents and a bonus 5 weeks for birth mothers. Flexibility & trust – While we are remote for now, we enable our team to create a work environment that will set them up for success. We hire adults and we trust you to manage your outcomes. Day-to-day, everyone is given the option to decide whether they want to work remote or in-office depending on the needs of their role. Back in the Office – If you choose to come into the office once we’re back, you will have access to snacks and beverages and in-office games like Switch, chess and ping-pong. We will be offering up lots of opportunity for team socials too, including the folks who are remote! 
ScrapedJobID62:
According to the Deloitte Fast 50 and Deloitte Fast 500, respectively. Write and test code that is performant, scalable, maintainable and meets functional requirements Collaborate with software developers, designers and product managers to build and drive innovation in our products Participate in code reviews and brown bags to help nurture a culture of growth and learning within the organization Bachelors' degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent experience 2+ years experience working in a similar or related role (including internships) Strong understanding of object-oriented software development Strong knowledge of Kotlin and the Android SDK Previous work experience with AWS is an asset Great verbal and written communication skills Ability to work independently or in a group setting Generous stock option package We match 100% of your contribution to your retirement plan up to $4000 annually Monthly public transportation stipend Annual gym membership stipend Dialogue membership - unlimited free video calls and texts with nurses and doctors anytime - they’ll even help you book IRL appointments 4 weeks of vacation and 5 sick/personal days Weekly happy hour Frequent team outings and off-sites Private healthcare - includes massages 
ScrapedJobID63:
Brainstorm, R&D, and implement streamlined & artist friendly real time content creation pipelines and toolsets – real-time engine tools development Integrate into the real-time game build artist provided or self created assets from various third party digital content creation software Create required UI’s/Front End menu frameworks Seek out, fix and optimize performance issues including, but not limited to framerate issues, memory problems, and material errors Document results and processes Develop product hypotheses & meet with end users to validate and expand upon findings Work with various team members to integrate and optimize assets. Work with various team members to conceptualize streamlined asset creation and integration workflows and associated tool sets Collaborate with development team to conceptualize and implement asset integration workflows and tool sets Engage in Agile project management methodologies, set, meet, & review sprint targets Identify and solve technical problems with existing tools Senior level AAA game engines experience (e.g. Unity, Unreal) Senior level Programming experience (e.g. C++, C#) Senior level Scripting experience (e.g. Python, Javascript, MEL) Experience supporting game engine builds and associated software (ie. perForce) Working knowledge of CG Industry standard digital content creation tools (e.g. Harmony, Maya, Photoshop, Substance Designer, Blender, Houdini, Nuke, etc) Working knowledge of industry standard third party game engine asset libraries, plugins, and tools Strong problem-solving skills and intellectual curiosity Experience with agile project management Experience with cloud services (e.g. AWS, Digital Ocean) Experience with web analytics (e.g. Google Analytics) Experience with online payment systems Experience working at a start-up 
ScrapedJobID64:
Excellent attention to detail Ability to manage tight deadlines Comfortable using spreadsheets and Google Docs Experience with Python, JavaScript, or HTML/CSS would be an asset We work in tight-knit teams to maximize speed and cultivate an ownership mentality. We cherish curiosity and an obsession for details because we know these details are invaluable over the long run. We promote an environment where ideas are challenged. The best ideas win! We're hyperfocused on our achievements and our ability to execute on our promises. We act with urgency. It's not always about us.* We give back to our community to ensure it can grow.* We love to compete and have fun. Our game nights are legendary. 
ScrapedJobID65:
Share our values Enjoy having honest conversations, about real things, as real people Believe that creating great experiences is totally within their control Build positive relationships and an understanding of what people’s needs are See solutions and possibilities (not problems!) Are simply outstanding at what they do Collaborates with the RPA Lead Developer and the Manger, IT Development to deliver the RPA roadmap. Translates business requirements to technical specifications. Contributes to the design, build and maintenance RPA solutions, Scripts, Applications, and Automated Workflows. Handle advisor issues and ensure they are resolved in a professional and timely manner. Contributes to the design, build and maintenance of Bots. Works collaboratively with operational and technical teams to deliver projects by assigned deadlines. Implements measures to analyze the performance of automated solutions. Conducts unit testing and troubleshooting and remedy defects. Evaluates and improve existing automation systems. Collaborates with teams to integrate systems. Develops and updates technical documentation. Analyzes, revises, and documents work procedures and processes; suggest methods to increase efficiency and accuracy. Supports the implementation of the established annual business plan for the department. Remains current on best practices, legislations, regulations, policies and procedures. Establishes collaborative working relationships with staff in the department and external networks within area of specialization. Other administrative duties as assigned 1+ years experience in RPA development. BSc/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field. (Preferred) Development experience in Automation Platforms (like UiPath), APIs (e.g. RESTful JSON), Scripting (JavaScript, VB, C), and data schemas. Familiarity with Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence concepts. An equivalent combination of education and experience may also be considered. Excellent time management and organizational skills Self-directed, motivated, and flexible working independently, collaboratively, as well as in fast-paced environments Detail-oriented and analytical Excellent oral and written communication skills Strong interpersonal and customer service skills Excellent computer skills; able to pick up new and existing programs related to the job quickly. Excellent customer service orientation. Excellent critical thinking and analytical skills. Excellent organizational and multi-tasking skills. Excellent attention to detail. Ability to understand a business process from a Process Definition Document (PDD) and to conceptualize it as an automated solution. Bonus pay On call RPA Development: 1 year (preferred) UiPath Certification (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID66:
Participer à la définition des exigences techniques ; Participer à la création et à l’évolution de l’architecture conceptuelle de jeux, des communautés en ligne et des mondes virtuels ; Participer à l’estimation de la charge et du temps de travail avec l’équipe de développement ; Participer à l’élaboration des méthodes de travail (méthodes, outils et technologies); Participer concrètement aux différents projets; Intégrer les animations visuelles; Trouver des solutions pour arriver aux résultats de façon efficace. Participate in the definition of technical requirements; Participate in the creation and evolution of the conceptual architecture of games, online communities and virtual worlds; Participate in the estimation of the workload and working time with the development team; Participate in the development of working methods (methods, tools and technologies); Participate concretely in different projects; Integrate visual animations; Find solutions to achieve results effectively. Diplôme d’études collégiales ou universitaire dans un domaine lié à la programmation; 2 à 5 années d’expérience à titre de développeur de jeux (Unity3D et/ou Unreal) ou dans tout autre poste comparable; Connaissance du cycle de développement de jeux mobiles, PC et/ou consoles; Expérience en développement de jeux mobiles, PC ou consoles avec Unity3D et/ou Unreal; Connaissance C# et/ou C++; Être légalement admissible à travailler au Canada; Bilinguisme à l’oral et à l’écrit (français et anglais); Langage natif IOS/Android est un atout. College or university degree in a field related to programming; 2 to 5 years of experience as a game developer (Unity3D and / or Unreal) or in any other comparable position; Knowledge of the development cycle of mobile games, PC and / or consoles; Experience in developing mobile, PC or console games with Unity3D and / or Unreal; Knowledge of C # and / or C ++; Be legally eligible to work in Canada; Oral and written bilingualism (French and English); Native IOS / Android language is an asset. Salaire compétitif ; Assurances collectives offrant une couverture pour un large éventail de soins de santé, les soins dentaires, l’assurance salaire courte et longue durée et une assurance voyage ; REER collectif avec contribution avantageuse de l’employeur ; Stationnement gratuit ; Horaire régulier de 37,5 heures par semaine ; Projets originaux et variés ; Collations santé offertes gratuitement tous les jours ; Réel impact sur les projets ; Accès à ton propre espace personnalisé au cœur d’un espace ouvert, lumineux et branché ; Des clients d’envergure internationale dans les domaines du jouet et du divertissement ; Travailler avec des gens compétents et talentueux ; Une culture du jeu très forte ; Des activités sociales et beaucoup de plaisir ! Competitive salary; Group insurance offering health, disability and dental coverage and travel coverage; RRSP program including an employer contribution; Free parking; Schedule of 37,5 hours per week; Work on original and various projects; Free healthy snacks offered every day; Real impact on your projects; Own personalized space in our bright, comfortable and trendy open environment; Top international clients in the toys and entertainment business. Does Hasbro, Disney, Cartoon Network, Warner Brothers ring a bell? Work with talented and competent people; Strong gaming culture; Social events and a lot of fun! 
ScrapedJobID67:
4+ years experience coding in HTML, CSS, and jQuery, with a passion for front-end interfaces Someone with a passion for web design The ability to review designs and provide a time estimate for your work Someone who can deliver high quality code while adhering to web development best practices Experience writing SEO friendly code Experience using CSS preprocessors such as SASS or LESS Experience using grid-based frameworks such as Bootstrap or Foundation Experience collaborating with a team Experience in web or interface design Experience with Wordpress, Magento, or other CMS and shopping cart systems Experience in PHP and MySQL Experience using Github Agency experience 
ScrapedJobID68:
Designing, building, and maintaining our data warehousing and processing infrastructure Designing, building, and maintaining our interactive model development infrastructure Working with in-house vehicle simulation game-engine developers on core product functionality Contributing to the growth and success of Inverted AI in any way required Thinking creatively and critically A love for and knowledge of driving, machine learning, and artificial intelligence Strong experience in Python, PyTorch, Tensorflow and/or other ML languages and frameworks Strong experience with SLURM, MPI, and other cluster-management systems Strong experience with Amazon and/or Google cloud ML pipeline infrastructure Evidence of sustained professional software development practice, etc. Experience in backend server and data-warehousing design and implementation a plus Ability to collaborate with diverse team members including machine learning researchers MS+ in Computer Science desired; BS plus relevant experience possible Highly driven and extremely motivated to learn and work well within a small team environment Highly collaborative, very fast-paced, not-boring work environment with access to world-class machine learning talent. Salary between $60,000-$90,000, relative to skills and experience; equity compensation available for highly qualified candidates Stock options Python: 5 years (preferred) PyTorch: 3 years (preferred) Singularity / Docker: 1 year (preferred) Slurm / PBS / Torque: 2 years (preferred) Unix / Linux: 5 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID69:
Build, manage, and optimize ETL data pipelines, by ingesting and transforming data from multiple sources and systems, in various formats; Deploy data products into production environments, including best practices regarding data monitoring, integration testing, and release management using Gitlab; Support Data Products and provide technical expertise to both technical and non-technical teams; Participate in improving internal process and tools by proposing new ideas; Develop quality code and build good documentation ; Participate on code reviews and tests; Collaborate with business analysts and IT teams to define business use cases, refine requirements, design and develop data pipelines. Proven experience in a BI data developer position, focusing on data integration, modeling, optimization and data quality in an agile team environment; Strong knowledge of Data Warehouses technologies such as Snowflake or Teradata Expertise with Hadoop technology and with reporting tools such as MicroStrategy or Tableau would be a plus; Good knowledge of at least one traditional data warehousing / ETL tools such as DataStage, SSIS, Informatica or Talend; Strong experience with RDBMS technologies such as Teradata, MS SQL Server, Oracle, DB2, MySQL or PostgreSQL; Excellent interpersonal communication skills are required both verbally and in writing. 
ScrapedJobID70:
Building new and rich experiences to make it easier to create real world simulations within Unity Writing high-quality, clean code that is production-grade Partner with other AI@Unity teams to ensure clean integration across the domain specific packages such as Robotics and Computer Vision. Programming experience in one of the following languages: Go, Python, Java, or C# Strong foundation in data structures, algorithms, and software designand software design Excellent verbal and written communication skills Currently enrolled in a Canadian Post-Secondary institution, graduating in December 2022 or in 2023. Knowledge of Unity Engine, 3D simulators or game development Academic or professional experience in Machine Learning, Simulations, or Physics 
ScrapedJobID71:
Implement game functionality as per communicated design Translate design specification into functional game Communicate with other team members to establish effective pipeline and integrate media assets Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable code Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to address and mitigate these problems Help maintain code quality, organization, and automatization Excellent knowledge of Unity, including experience with scripting, textures, animation, GUI styles, and user session management Familiarity with level design and planning Experience with game physics and particle systems Experience with mobile development Experience optimizing memory and space usage for support of older hardware Prior experience with a well-known mobile title are a significant asset Ability to constantly learn and stay in touch with evolving game standards and development technologies Strong understanding of object-oriented programming Familiarity with current design and architectural patterns Knack for writing clean, readable, and easily maintainable code Experience implementing automated testing platforms and unit tests Proficient knowledge of code versioning tools Comprehensive benefits after 3 months including extended health and dental. Paid Vacation + paid Sick days: 18 days(accumulated and based on percentage earning) Active Living Benefits (such as Fitness Memberships, Registration fees for team sports reimbursement) after 3 months Training and development fee reimbursement after 3 months Dependent Child Benefit Paid Holiday Closure RRSP matching after 1 year On-site car and Bike Parking Monthly Transit Allowance after 3 months Work hours: 10 am to 6 pm with 1 hour paid lunch. Dress code: Casual Child Gift Lots of snacks, drinks available Monthly Team lunch Referral Bonus 
ScrapedJobID72:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Program special effects software for film and video applications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications Work under pressure Attention to detail Tight deadlines MS Windows Software development MS Office API Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID73:
Analyze 3rd party API documentation and endpoints Write code for app schedule and attendee data Use Git / Bitbucket for version control of our apps Implement client change requests Collect statistics and data for clients Support Producers on technical calls with clients Provide client support in the form of onsite or on call support Attend cross-functional meetings, scrum and standups Set up 3rd party applications to integrate with our projects Opportunity to grow as a backend developer and work on our API Opportunity to learn new languages such as Python and contribute to our growing microservices architecture Take part in weekly architectural meetings, learn from our EB technical experts and contribute your ideas to the future of our platform 1-3 years in Backend Web Development. Exceptional recent grads are highly encouraged to apply. Bsc. in Comp. Sci or equivalent degree or experience Possess technical skills in SQL, databases and data manipulation or the aptitude to learn these tools Knowledge of programming in PHP is a plus A real interest in mobile app technology and/or project management Proven ability to multitask, prioritize and meet deadlines Ability to thrive in an exciting environment where change is the only constant Superb attention to detail Self-motivated Teammate with a “can-do” attitude A dream to work on the edge of creativity and learn new technologies Any experience with Python is a plus 
ScrapedJobID74:
Information Technology Computer Science Microsoft Visual Studio Eclipse Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Program special effects software for film and video applications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications XML Java SQL Soap C# .NET ASP.NET Internet Database software JavaOS Presentation software Programming software Software development Data analysis software Enterprise Applications Integration (EAI) Multimedia software 
ScrapedJobID75:
A short check in on Zoom, to align everyone’s goals, firefight unexpected issues, or scope out incoming project requests. Self-guided work on previously-scoped projects, typically represented by tickets in Jira. Communicating with your teammates, and others in the company, on Slack, our go-to communication tool. Reviewing your teammates’ newly checked-in code in Github to suggest changes or improvements. Brainstorming and documenting ways to make the existing codebase better. Infrequent but essential inter-team meetings to discuss objectives and highlight challenges including, but not limited to: product marketing, SEO and searchability optimization, or content creation. Tactical team meetings to discuss long term goals, review and troubleshoot technical debt and legacy issues, and reflect on recent successes and challenges. Special projects or experiments to challenge ourselves to think outside the box and come up with new or different ways to improve our website. Optionally, zoom socials and games to help blow off some steam! 
ScrapedJobID76:
2-3 years of experience developing on the platform Confortable in JAVA and Kotlin (language specificities, design patterns) Creative with excellent problem solving and analytical skills Passion for product quality and attention to details Autonomy and efficiency are mandatory Must be a team player and effective collaborator with excellent communication skills Other requirements Understanding of mobile devices performance issues Experience with GIT (working in collaboration) Experience with custom views, animations Experience submitting and releasing applications to GooglePlay Good written and spoken English 
ScrapedJobID77:
Build, manage, and optimize ETL data pipelines, by ingesting and transforming data from multiple sources and systems, in various formats; Deploy data products into production environments, including best practices regarding data monitoring, integration testing, and release management using Gitlab; Support Data Products and provide technical expertise to both technical and non-technical teams; Participate in improving internal process and tools by proposing new ideas; Develop quality code and build good documentation ; Participate on code reviews and tests; Collaborate with business analysts and IT teams to define business use cases, refine requirements, design and develop data pipelines. Proven experience in a BI data developer position, focusing on data integration, modeling, optimization and data quality in an agile team environment; Strong knowledge of Data Warehouses technologies such as Snowflake or Teradata Expertise with Hadoop technology and with reporting tools such as MicroStrategy or Tableau would be a plus; Good knowledge of at least one traditional data warehousing / ETL tools such as DataStage, SSIS, Informatica or Talend; Strong experience with RDBMS technologies such as Teradata, MS SQL Server, Oracle, DB2, MySQL or PostgreSQL; Excellent interpersonal communication skills are required both verbally and in writing. 
ScrapedJobID78:
Maintain and build on the system and solution architecture of Service oriented Web Applications; Design solutions tailored on customer requirements; Coach and organize Agile methodology based governance; Participate and prepare governance meetings to provide visibility on project plan and milestone achievements; Interact with different organizations (IT, Core Engineering, Methods, …) to ensure seamless integration of the provided solutions; A university or (technical) college degree in computer development and/or equivalent experience; Strong experience of building system and solution architectures; 5 years of experience in web application development; Good skills in Java or others procedural / functional programming languages; Good skills with web frontend technologies (React, Angular, HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript); Knowledge of SQL Server; Knowledge of Operating Systems (Windows, Linux), virtualization and networking; Experience with PLM (TeamCenter) and ERP (SAP) is an asset; Organized, a good planner and problem solver. Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Application development: 4 years (required) Java: 2 years (required) HTML5: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID79:
Lead developer on our planned educational game/simulation, Fab Academy – Journey to Mars. Plan the development of this game from start to finish. We are aiming to have an initial, prototype version ready for January, 2022 Assist with making VR and AR modules for our maker electronics project kits Lead instructor for our game development programs for youth (ages 13 to 15) Curriculum development Oversee assistant instructors teaching game development Lead instructor for three, two-week summer camps to a small group of students (maximum six per class) Resource for Service Work Help with occasional external service work related to game or training development using Unreal Engine 4 and related tools Experience with game development, in particular using Unreal Engine 4, Editor and Blueprints Programming experience, in particular C++ 2+ years of experience utilizing Unreal Engine 4 on professional projects in the video game industry or other industries such as architectural visualization Studies or degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Digital Media or related technical experience Good communicator Good working with children and youth Working well in a team Desire to teach others about UE4 programming Criminal record check including for Vulnerable Sector Work from North Vancouver Driver’s License First Aid 
ScrapedJobID80:
According to the Deloitte Fast 50 and Deloitte Fast 500, respectively. Write and test code that is performant, scalable, maintainable and meets functional requirements Collaborate with software developers, designers and product managers to build and drive innovation in our products Participate in code reviews and brown bags to help nurture a culture of growth and learning within the organization Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent 5+ years experience working in a similar or related role Strong knowledge and experience with JavaScript and NodeJS (experience with TypeScript and Python is an asset) Strong knowledge and experience with AWS (especially Elastic Beanstalk, DynamoDB, and ElastiCache) Experience with Docker, Kubernetes and related container technologies a strong asset Great verbal and written communication skills Ability to work independently or in a group setting Generous stock option package We match 100% of your contribution to your retirement plan up to $4000 annually Monthly public transportation stipend Annual gym membership stipend Dialogue membership - unlimited free video calls and texts with nurses and doctors anytime - they’ll even help you book IRL appointments 4 weeks of vacation and 5 sick/personal days Weekly happy hour Frequent team outings and off-sites Private healthcare - includes massages 
ScrapedJobID81:
Contribute to website development, testing, documentation, and ongoing maintenance. Code websites (both frontend and backend) working primarily with WordPress, custom dashboards, and marketing API integrations to meet client digital marketing needs. Write clean and efficient code for the design and modification of websites from layout to function, featuring user-friendly design and clear navigation. Develop WordPress themes, plugins and integrate marketing tools to enhance clients’ end-to-end online experience. Customize out-of-the-box plugins and themes Build software applications that improve client and firm reach, results, and reporting. Implement WordPress security best practices and tools. Quality assurance testing and debugging across common browsers and devices (including UX testing). Front end design experience within Adobe CC, you’re able to convert XD and Photoshop files into pixel-perfect WordPress themes. Ensure digital functionality, security, and software updates are consistently in good standing. Manage and monitor basic SEO and site speed optimization. Collaboration with the digital team to launch campaigns and implement appropriate tracking to measure campaign success. Generate ideas with creative and digital teams and offer insightful solutions. Manage multiple projects and ensure milestones and project deadlines are met. Provide clients and the team with exceptional experiences. Post-secondary education in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Systems, or similar area of study. Two years of professional web development experience with HTML, CSS, PHP, MySQL, Javascript / jQuery, Advanced Custom Fields). Two years of experience using web content management systems (CMS) platforms such as WordPress. Experience working in a consultative client-focused environment (agency or in-house agency model preferred). Experience building responsive, end-to-end websites and landing pages. Working knowledge of Google Analytics/ Google Tag Manager and Google Search Console. Strong organizational and multitasking skills; must be confident working in a fast-paced and high-pressure environment with multiple tasks, priorities, and deadlines. Natural problem-solving ability, paired with a proactive mindset and an energetic attitude. Unlimited paid vacation. No, it is not a typo. Yes, we really mean it. Work-life balance. We take care of the work, ourselves, and each other. Flexibility for remote work. Our office is where the magic happens, but sometimes you just need some focused time. Employer-paid benefits. Generous ones, too. Want to expense a concert ticket? Go wild. Growth-oriented. In the business and your career. Let’s help each other do great things. Training and mentorship. Grow into the career you are passionate about and learn from the best. Diverse Team. We’re very into being ourselves and want you to be yourself. How could any of us be anybody else? Casual dress Company events Employee assistance program Extended health care Paid time off Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Wordpress CMS: 2 years (required) Adobe XD: 1 year (required) Responsive Web Development: 2 years (required) marketing agency: 2 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID82:
You’ll work on an Agile development team which includes Developers, Test Developers, Designers, a Product Manager, and a Development Manager Teams can tackle any problem in any area, ensuring exposure to a variety of problems and technologies All members of the team contribute to the definition, requirements, development, and testing of the problems we are solving Our team has many high potential junior members who would benefit from your strong technical mentorship You’re passionate about our users and are their advocates in the development process You collaborate effectively, helping your teammates to grow and develop their technical and non-technical skills Strong understanding of Computer Science topics, including data structures, algorithms, databases, and distributed systems A body of work demonstrating a consistent ability to complete technical challenges Familiarity or experience with at least some of the technology we use, including C#, Java, AWS, serverless applications, SQL and NoSQL databases, Java script, web components, Node.js Bachelor’s degree or diploma in computer science, computer engineering or similar technical discipline Flexible work hours and environment, currently allowing working from home and/or in the office Brand new collaborative (and dog-friendly) office environment Amazing views of Vancouver and harbor from dedicated top floor of historic Marine Building with private outdoor balconies Central downtown location, close to transit hubs, restaurants, and pubs Free secure bike parking and shower, with available (for extra charge) clothes dryers, full bike wash, and executive bike room Diverse and friendly group that schedules time to socialize over cake and games Foosball tables, video and board games 
ScrapedJobID83:
Engage with fellow developers through active participation in code reviews, design Dedication to an iterative development process driven by the goal to continuously Develop clean, maintainable, and documented solutions Collaborate with backend engineering teams through traces, metrics, and Deploy applications regularly adhering to studio standards and best practices Participate in requirements gathering to inform design and development Participate in user observation studies to be regularly evaluating how users work and Follow standard UX design methodologies throughout the development process Proficiency in modern web application features,design goals, and architecture (i.e. Web Expertise with modern frameworks, standards, technologies used in front end web Experience with micro-services architecture Strong communication, collaboration, and problem solving skills Experience working closely with UX design teams and backend development teams Experience with testing frameworks (i.e. Cypress) Production experience in computer animation, visual effects, or game industry A portfolio of user interface samples that demonstrates skill and passion Experience with Node.js, Express, and building JS modules using technologies such as NPM We are a company built on positive relationships and collaboration, and you will have the opportunity to build strong business relationships while acting as a specialist in Product Management. You will manage multiple business relationships and collaborate with people from both corporate and field. This is an opportunity to work independently, in a fast-paced environment, and lead projects. 
ScrapedJobID84:
We work in tight-knit teams to maximize speed and cultivate an ownership mentality. We cherish curiosity and an obsession for details because we know these details are invaluable over the long run. We promote an environment where ideas are challenged. The best ideas win! We're hyperfocused on our achievements and our ability to execute on our promises. We act with urgency. It's not always about us.* We give back to our community to ensure it can grow.* We love to compete and have fun. Our game nights are legendary. 
ScrapedJobID85:
Identify and prioritize revenues optimization opportunities, across multiple owned channels and monetization products (season pass, downloadable content, virtual currency,…). Oversee the commercial activity and the operations surrounding in-game products (release, set-up, promotions, creation…) and implement cross sell & upsell mechanisms (including for subscribers). Collaborate with marketing teams to ensure the right level of marketing tactics is in place to support the sales cycle. Work with multiple stakeholders to identify opportunities to enhance the purchase experience (back end and front end, processes, user experience, payment methods,…) Create, coordinate and evangelize the implementation of best practices across multiple in-game stores. Constantly monitor and benchmark competition to influence the evolution of a “best-in-class” experience. Build & animate an internal network of stakeholders around the In-Game topics. Enable collaboration and rally stakeholders around common objectives and vision, to create ongoing synergies between different organizations. Plan, track and monitor results. Work closely with analytics to set adequate reporting and analyses, including communication to executive management. Continuously use data to enhance future strategies and tactics. Collaborate with finance to plan and track the in-game business P&L. Build a 5 year strategic financial plan. Partner with multiple internal and external partners to build a knowledge base, to identify and explore new trends and opportunities, and recommend to management which opportunities should be prioritized. Perfectly understand and anticipate all financial and regulation topics surrounding these new businesses and act upon them to build clear recommendations & roadmaps. Act as a business expert to assist development teams in building solutions, partner and collaborate with internal teams to align efforts throughout the development process. Work with technical teams to guide the development of platforms and marketplaces. Coordinate sales and marketing efforts when necessary and oversee the post launch activities to support ongoing revenues generation for these new businesses. Plan, drive and report on the revenues generated. Create dashboards with analytics team, get learnings and optimize the business accordingly. Manage the P&L of these activities with the finance teams. Benchmark externally what competition and industries are doing regarding UGC Marketplace. Check on their business models, sales strategies, communications & marketing plans. Proactively share knowledge and evangelize these new businesses across sales and marketing teams. Recommend on the team structure and needs and recruit accordingly the right profiles Build the right OKRs (Objectives & Key Results) for this new activity and make them SMART: Specific, Measurable, Achievable, Relevant, Time-Bound. Strong commerce, finance or monetization expertise Experienced manager and business leader with a clear “user first” mindset and have already worked in an international context. True entrepreneurial spirit and proactive, you wish to be an active part in the development and growth of a high potential segment. Fine negotiator, you know how to convince, motivate and mobilize people around a project Autonomous, thorough, analytical mind, interpersonal skills and excellent organizational skills Your CV, your expertise and/or related experience and skills. 
ScrapedJobID86:
Startup company Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Program special effects software for film and video applications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications 
ScrapedJobID87:
Our engineers get the opportunity to work on the full stack of our tools, from developing the underlying algorithms, through to building intuitive & artist-friendly interfaces. We work in a collaborative, cross-site environment in the pursuit of simple and performant solutions to complex problems. The team works hand in hand with artists to make the tools we need for the incredibly complex and rich characters and environments featured in our movies. Develop new artist-centric interaction models using the latest hardware and technologies. Professional experience in a software developer role Proficiency in C++, strong software design and engineering skills Excellent problem solving, troubleshooting, and debugging skills Ability to develop and optimize algorithms for efficiency and scalability Exemplary communication, including the ability to engage with artists to understand their requirements and formulate practical solutions Degree in Computer Science or related professional experience Experience working in an Animation production environment Expertise in performance tuning and writing/debugging of parallel and vectorized code Other expertise: Maya, Houdini, USD, OpenGL, Qt, Python Post-graduate degree with specialization in Computer Science, Graphics, or comparable industry experience in a research, studio, or games environment 
ScrapedJobID88:
Writing clean, well-organized, testable, and reusable JS code Building efficient, well-tested User Interface and User Experience components Identifying and addressing performance bottlenecks with other engineers to consistently improve performance Ability to be on call during live sporting events and on weekends Take direction from the director of product on the feature, while working with the director of Engineering to ensure the technical aspects fit our technical goals 7+ years of development experience in web fundamentals (HTML5, CSS, JS) 4+ years of development experience in modern JS frameworks (React, JSS, Mobx) Knowledge of code versioning tools such as Git, SVN Ability to participate in code reviews, design reviews and over the shoulder debugging • Ability to deliver software as part of a team Demonstrated expertise with responsive design principles Bachelor's/Master’s degree (or equivalent experience) In-depth experience in Node js In-depth experience in React Native NoSQL experience (eg. DynamoDB) In-depth knowledge in WebSockets Working knowledge of Docker Competitive salaries with generous paid time off, RRSP/401K matching, extended health benefits, retail discounts (the total package) Work-life balance with flexible hours Inspiring and supportive environment Open communication transparency Professional and personal growth 
ScrapedJobID89:
Post-secondary degree in computer science or a related field 1+ years experience in developing native iOS apps with Swift Experience with RESTful services and JSON Passion/ability for writing robust, well-architected code Creativity / imagination C++ experience Android app development Game dev experience HTML/CSS/Javascript Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Are you currently eligible to work in Canada (Citizenship, PR, or Visa)? iOS development: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID90:
Create from scratch a banking solution mimicking the main features of an existing one Be a key player from design to deployment
Technical requirement definition
Implementation
Support and maintenance Technical requirement definition Implementation Support and maintenance Ensure that the solution will remain performant in front of 3M users Participate in the improvement of the solution by understanding its business impacts Curious Willing and prone to change things Able to work on not fully defined problems and come up with creative solutions Great autonomy and resourcefulness Fast learner Positive mindset Proactive Problem-solving Java8 and + (minimum 3 years) Linux Object-Oriented Programming experience in performance management of Java applications RestAPI (minimum 1 year) Assets: Multithreading, Git, Maven, js, html Competitive compensation and generous stock options Tier-1 medical, dental, and vision plan Our office (when it reopens) in one of the oldest, coolest buildings in Montreal’s Old Port A kitchen stocked with free drinks, snacks, fruit, wine & beer and more! Team get-togethers, video games and spontaneous Nerf gun wars Easy access by public transit or car, company bike rack & bike, in-house showers A fun team environment and the ability to quickly learn & grow 
ScrapedJobID91:
Building robust microservices that can scale to millions of simulations Defining API specifications for your services and how to integrate with other Unity services and systems Writing production ready clean code with unit tests Programming experience in one of the following languages: Python, Java, Scala, A huge plus for - Big Data Ecosystem, Kafka, GCP, Apache Beam or Flink Proven foundation in data structures, algorithms, software design & testing Excellent verbal and written communication skills Experience working with public cloud providers like AWS, Azure, or GCP Experience building production-grade microservices Experience with Machine Learning algorithms and frameworks 
ScrapedJobID92:
Oracle equity in the form of publicly traded RSUs as well as multiple benefit options. RRSP contribution matching up to 6% of annual salary within first month of employment *cough-cough* New Homebuyers plan. Work life balance – our world-wide team supports each other so that your evenings and weekends actually are your own. A hybrid/remote work week, which gives you more flexibility to work from the location that is best for you Access to incredible learning library for career and skills growth as well as pro-bono and mentorship opportunities for all team members. Regular team events that range from digital puzzles and video games to drive-ins and donut parties. Engineering or computer science degrees with experience as software developers working with Java or any similar object-oriented programming language Strong understanding of modern web applications and extensive experience with database-driven applications Great problem-solving skills and the ability to abstract functional requirements Enthusiastic about automated testing! Strong communication abilities in both technical and non-technical contexts Embodiment of our Values: Customer First, Collaboration, Innovation, and Integrity 
ScrapedJobID93:
According to the Deloitte Fast 50 and Deloitte Fast 500, respectively. Write and test code that is performant, scalable, maintainable and meets functional requirements Collaborate with software developers, designers and product managers to build and drive innovation in our products Participate in code reviews and brown bags to help nurture a culture of growth and learning within the organization Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent 5+ years experience working in a similar or related role Strong knowledge and experience with JavaScript and NodeJS (experience with TypeScript and Python is an asset) Strong knowledge and experience with AWS (especially Elastic Beanstalk, DynamoDB, and ElastiCache) Experience with Docker, Kubernetes and related container technologies a strong asset Great verbal and written communication skills Ability to work independently or in a group setting Generous stock option package We match 100% of your contribution to your retirement plan up to $4000 annually Monthly public transportation stipend Annual gym membership stipend Dialogue membership - unlimited free video calls and texts with nurses and doctors anytime - they’ll even help you book IRL appointments 4 weeks of vacation and 5 sick/personal days Weekly happy hour Frequent team outings and off-sites Private healthcare - includes massages 
ScrapedJobID94:
Lead the development of machine learning products and models from inception to production Collaborate with cross functional, agile teams of data engineers, ML experts, and project managers in solving business problems Apply your experience to drive best practices in ML, data engineering, and production architecture Build, automate, and maintain machine learning pipelines for training machine learning models on distributed systems Use a production-first mindset to consult on project feasibility through prototyping with respect to performance, time, quality and cost Maintain and expand your knowledge of ML/AI and current technology through training opportunities, conferences, etc. Degree in a discipline such as: Data Science, applied math, applied science / engineering, economics/econometrics, management science / operations research, or related area Skilled communicator with a proven record of leading projects across disciplines Quick learner with ability to think out of the box Advanced knowledge of ML models: deep learning, reinforcement learning, NLP, and others Hands-on experience and expertise with different AI/ML frameworks such as Keras, Pytorch, TensorFlow, SparkML, Scikit-Learn Experience with development and deployment of recommender systems Stay abreast of new technology and techniques in the ML/AI space Advanced Python development skills Excellent code design (OOP, Algorithms, and Data Structures) Experience with CI/CD pipelines Experience with SQL and database systems such as Oracle, SQL Server, Teradata Experience with distributed data and computational resources such as Hadoop, HDFS in general, Docker, Dask Hands-on experience defining and operationalizing ML models into operational systems 
ScrapedJobID95:
Startup company Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Program special effects software for film and video applications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications 
ScrapedJobID96:
or equivalent experience Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications MySQL Java JavaScript HTML CSS Git Spreadsheet MS Windows Linux Internet MS Office Effective interpersonal skills Team player Client focus Organized Medical Benefits Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID97:
Intermediate knowledge and 2+ years experience building Magento websites Advanced PHP and MySQL knowledge Knowledge of MVC frameworks (such as Zend, Laraval, Symfony etc.) Experience mapping out large-scale web projects Experience building websites from HTML and CSS documents Experience coding semantically, and optimizing code for speed, SEO, and performance Experience launching websites on cPanel server environments Experience working with versioning software (such as SVN or Git) Always looking out for best practices and new technology Ractive.js and AngularJS experience Experience in UI/UX design 
ScrapedJobID98:
Designing, developing and optimizing features of the Company’s 2D and 3D software products, including the Houdini Engine plug-ins, using the C++ programming language and other languages as required, such as Python and VEX. Ensuring a high level of quality and performance in the code architecture and features. Debugging and fixing product deficiencies (bugs). Supporting multiple hardware platforms, as assigned. Working on special projects and other strategic and technical opportunities as may be assigned. Maintaining up to date knowledge on techniques and current practices in the area of software development, computer science, computer graphics, networking, visual effects and games. Independently researching and prototyping ideas to push the company’s procedural technology forward. Assisting, as required, in product support or product sales and marketing activities as beneficial to the company and the user community. Other duties as assigned. Computer Science degree or equivalent industry experience, with a record of academic and professional excellence Ability to learn independently, think fast, and use solid judgement Strong knowledge of C++ programming Extensive 3D graphics knowledge, including OpenGL programming Ability to draw from varied technologies and innovate at a fast rate Excellent problem solving skills Ability to work well independently and in a nimble team environment Excellent verbal and written communication Other duties as assigned Experience in the film or game industry Relevant contribution to large scale software architecture and development Multi-threaded, multi-platform development and optimization User interface design (workflow, look, and feel) Experience with lighting and rendering software Proficient in Python/HOM, OpenCL, CUDA, GLSL Working knowledge of OS X programming Familiarity with Houdini or related software Physical simulation (rigid and soft bodies, cloth, fluids, hair, fur, and more) Particle dynamics Modeling, lighting and rendering of volumes and surfaces Performance optimization Large dataset management 3D and 2D user interface design Character rigging and animation Advanced crowd simulation Game engine exploration Houdini Digital Asset (HDA) architecture Parallel language and compiler design Distributed computing Computational geometry Systems architecture Hybrid Work option - A great office in Downtown Toronto (right across from Union station) with the flexibility to work from home (most roles). You can help us test out our Hybrid Pilot Project 3 weeks’ vacation to relax and re-energize Health insurance coverage including a Health Service Spending Account (HSSA only for Canadian employees), for you and your dependents (only permanent employees) Employee Assistance Program (EAP); because sometimes we need a bit of extra support Retirement Plan with company matched contributions (only permanent employees) A highly competitive bonus structure (only permanent employees) A generous sick time entitlement to care for yourself and your loved ones Because you want to be part of a unique experience and winning team that has won an Oscar and an Emmy (Cool, right?) Because you want to be part of an industry-leading company that is constantly mindfully growing Because you want to work with some of the most talented people in the industry on a ground-breaking product Because you want to work with people from all around the world Because you want to be part of an exciting and fun industry Because you want to join and add to a positive, supportive and respected company culture Because you want your job to be GREAT! Location
Toronto, Ontario Department
Research and Development Employment Type
Full-Time Minimum Experience
Mid-level 
ScrapedJobID99:
Create from scratch a banking solution mimicking the main features of an existing one Be a key player from design to deployment
Technical requirement definition
Implementation
Support and maintenance Technical requirement definition Implementation Support and maintenance Ensure that the solution will remain performant in front of 3M users Participate in the improvement of the solution by understanding its business impacts Curious Willing and prone to change things Able to work on not fully defined problems and come up with creative solutions Great autonomy and resourcefulness Fast learner Positive mindset Proactive Problem-solving Java8 and + (minimum 3 years) Linux Object-Oriented Programming experience in performance management of Java applications RestAPI (minimum 1 year) Assets: Multithreading, Git, Maven, js, html Competitive compensation and generous stock options Tier-1 medical, dental, and vision plan Our office (when it reopens) in one of the oldest, coolest buildings in Montreal’s Old Port A kitchen stocked with free drinks, snacks, fruit, wine & beer and more! Team get-togethers, video games and spontaneous Nerf gun wars Easy access by public transit or car, company bike rack & bike, in-house showers A fun team environment and the ability to quickly learn & grow 
ScrapedJobID100:
Identify and prioritize revenues optimization opportunities, across multiple owned channels and monetization products (season pass, downloadable content, virtual currency,…). Oversee the commercial activity and the operations surrounding in-game products (release, set-up, promotions, creation…) and implement cross sell & upsell mechanisms (including for subscribers). Collaborate with marketing teams to ensure the right level of marketing tactics is in place to support the sales cycle. Work with multiple stakeholders to identify opportunities to enhance the purchase experience (back end and front end, processes, user experience, payment methods,…) Create, coordinate and evangelize the implementation of best practices across multiple in-game stores. Constantly monitor and benchmark competition to influence the evolution of a “best-in-class” experience. Build & animate an internal network of stakeholders around the In-Game topics. Enable collaboration and rally stakeholders around common objectives and vision, to create ongoing synergies between different organizations. Plan, track and monitor results. Work closely with analytics to set adequate reporting and analyses, including communication to executive management. Continuously use data to enhance future strategies and tactics. Collaborate with finance to plan and track the in-game business P&L. Build a 5 year strategic financial plan. Partner with multiple internal and external partners to build a knowledge base, to identify and explore new trends and opportunities, and recommend to management which opportunities should be prioritized. Perfectly understand and anticipate all financial and regulation topics surrounding these new businesses and act upon them to build clear recommendations & roadmaps. Act as a business expert to assist development teams in building solutions, partner and collaborate with internal teams to align efforts throughout the development process. Work with technical teams to guide the development of platforms and marketplaces. Coordinate sales and marketing efforts when necessary and oversee the post launch activities to support ongoing revenues generation for these new businesses. Plan, drive and report on the revenues generated. Create dashboards with analytics team, get learnings and optimize the business accordingly. Manage the P&L of these activities with the finance teams. Benchmark externally what competition and industries are doing regarding UGC Marketplace. Check on their business models, sales strategies, communications & marketing plans. Proactively share knowledge and evangelize these new businesses across sales and marketing teams. Recommend on the team structure and needs and recruit accordingly the right profiles Build the right OKRs (Objectives & Key Results) for this new activity and make them SMART: Specific, Measurable, Achievable, Relevant, Time-Bound. Strong commerce, finance or monetization expertise Experienced manager and business leader with a clear “user first” mindset and have already worked in an international context. True entrepreneurial spirit and proactive, you wish to be an active part in the development and growth of a high potential segment. Fine negotiator, you know how to convince, motivate and mobilize people around a project Autonomous, thorough, analytical mind, interpersonal skills and excellent organizational skills Your CV, your expertise and/or related experience and skills. 
ScrapedJobID101:

ScrapedJobID102:
real-time visibility on how Ubisoft titles are played; and an understanding of the habits and preferences of the people playing them. Coordinate, assess, and prioritize automation testing needs + contribute to overall product strategy. Create and document test strategies and development procedures throughout the software development life cycle. Validate checklists and scenarios (test plans, scripts, smoke tests, sanity tests, and health-checks) developed by the testing team. Research QA tools that fit with the test strategy design + collaborate with interdependent teams to develop them. Define the validation flow for various quality dimensions (features, performance, reliability, etc.). Follow up on test execution, collecting test metrics and suggesting process improvements. Identify and maintain test environments based on project requirements. Define development metrics + evaluate the impact of process changes (DevOps principles). Quality assurance and software development experience Experience with JavaScript/TypeScript or Python or Java programmation Knowledge of:
QA and testing methodologiestesting and source control toolssoftware development principles, web applications/services, databases and networkingautomation frameworks (e.g. Selenium) QA and testing methodologies testing and source control tools software development principles, web applications/services, databases and networking automation frameworks (e.g. Selenium) The ability to create clear documentation and reports A collaborative spirit + proactivity and resourcefulness Solid interpersonal and communication skills Your CV, highlighting your experience, education, and skills 
ScrapedJobID103:
Excellent attention to detail Ability to manage tight deadlines Comfortable using spreadsheets and Google Docs Experience with Python, JavaScript, or HTML/CSS would be an asset We work in tight-knit teams to maximize speed and cultivate an ownership mentality. We cherish curiosity and an obsession for details because we know these details are invaluable over the long run. We promote an environment where ideas are challenged. The best ideas win! We're hyperfocused on our achievements and our ability to execute on our promises. We act with urgency. It's not always about us.* We give back to our community to ensure it can grow.* We love to compete and have fun. Our game nights are legendary. 
ScrapedJobID104:
Engage with our clients to analyze their requirements; Design and document solution to address these requirements; Evaluate the level of effort required to develop solutions; Develop ETL scripts per client's expectations; Document your work as necessary; Diagnose and resolve problems using debugging tools; Provide quality assurance testing and provide detailed technical feedback for your and/or your peers; Work alongside your peers in the Professional Services, Customer Success, and Sales team; Positively contribute to the improvement of the team’s quality, efficiency, and capability; Follow and contribute to your teams’ processes, best practices, methodologies, and guidelines. Associates degree or equivalent technical experience, a Bachelor degree is preferred; Excellent computer skills; 1+ years of experience in data integrations; Strong experience with ETL and database technologies; SQL knowledge (query performance tuning, index maintenance, etc.) as well as an understanding of database structure; Knowledge of data modeling principles; Knowledge of at least one ETL tool (SSIS, Informatica, Talend, etc.); Knowledge of various SQL/NoSQL data storage mechanisms and Big Data technologies; Passionate about complex data structures and problem solving; Ability to pick up new data tools and concepts quickly; Proven expertise with SaaS solutions and Cloud technologies; Proven expertise with scripting and programming, including SQL, shell scripting, and Python; Ability to adapt to a rapidly changing product and respond strategically to customer needs; Ability to anticipate, prevent and solve problems both scrappily and holistically; Ability to perform detail-oriented work, independently as well as in a group; Excellent communication, written skills, and analytical skills; Experience with a scripting language preferred. Paralegal or equivalent legal experience; PostgreSQL experience; Experience working with APIs, including API testing tools; Prior programming experience. Medical, Dental, Vision, and Life Insurance Flexible PTO Sick Days Professional and Financial Growth Great culture and environment Social, Health, and Wellness Events Anniversary Gifts Birthday Time Off Employee Assistance Programs Brand new full Onsite Gym (San Diego) Weekly onsite masseuse and chiropractor (San Diego) Ocean Views, Game Room, Volleyball Court, Outdoor Zen Relaxation Area, BBQ & Patio Area, Cafeteria (San Diego) 
ScrapedJobID105:
Work collaboratively with product managers, engineers, data scientists, and designers to set overall development strategy and deliver high-quality software Be an Engineer of the Front and Backend core engineering team Build new products and features for the new platform Build integrations with various market data API Build robust, highly available, and scalable web services Develop, test, and ship new features on a daily basis Good experience Node.js, React, Typescript, Python Experience with relational database systems including PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, and DB2; and writing complex SQL queries Experience with popular Node.js web frameworks and/or utility libraries such as Nest.js, Express, Hapi, Underscore/Lodash, Async, Bluebird. Strong proficiency working with database systems such as MySQL, MongoDB PostgreSQL. In-depth knowledge of HTTP protocol Experience building RESTful APIs Experience with React.js frameworks Experience with ECMAScript 6 Experience with designing and developing distributed systems Experience with microservices and respective architecture design principles and scalability best practices Experience with Container Technologies Docker - (swarm, compose) Experience with scheduling and orchestration technologies (Kubernetes, zookeeper, etcd, consul) Experience in creating API design/technical documentation (Raml, swagger) Experience in using debugging and observability tools for live systems dtrace, strace dtruss Experience in post-mortem analysis of a node process Experience in messaging protocols such as AMQP (, Rabbitmq, Kafka, Nats, Redis). Experience with JIRA, GIT, Postman, and Jenkins Our tech stack is Node.js, React, Python, Swift and Kotlin, PHP. Competitive salary Health & Dental Insurance Virtual Healthcare Program RSP with the contribution of 4% Work from home, the office, or anywhere else! Closed for the holidays Day off on your Birthday! Wellness Program Commuter Benefits (Bixi, Opus) Lots of Team Buildings, 5a7 and office activities Office Perks (fresh fruits, muffins, games and relaxation space) Paid training subscription tools A cutting edge technology stack Opportunity for fast career growth 
ScrapedJobID106:
Writing clean, well-organized, testable, and reusable JS code Building efficient, well-tested User Interface and User Experience components Identifying and addressing performance bottlenecks with other engineers to consistently improve performance Ability to be on call during live sporting events and on weekends Take direction from the director of product on the feature, while working with the director of Engineering to ensure the technical aspects fit our technical goals 7+ years of development experience in web fundamentals (HTML5, CSS, JS) 4+ years of development experience in modern JS frameworks (React, JSS, Mobx) Knowledge of code versioning tools such as Git, SVN Ability to participate in code reviews, design reviews and over the shoulder debugging • Ability to deliver software as part of a team Demonstrated expertise with responsive design principles Bachelor's/Master’s degree (or equivalent experience) In-depth experience in Node js In-depth experience in React Native NoSQL experience (eg. DynamoDB) In-depth knowledge in WebSockets Working knowledge of Docker Competitive salaries with generous paid time off, RRSP/401K matching, extended health benefits, retail discounts (the total package) Work-life balance with flexible hours Inspiring and supportive environment Open communication transparency Professional and personal growth 
ScrapedJobID107:
Participate in the entire development lifecycle, focusing on coding, debugging, and optimizing. Work closely with front-end developers and interdependent teams across our studios. Implement security and data protection. Design and integrate data storage solutions & maintain server infrastructure. Deploy the game application on iOS and Android + adapt it to new platforms. Around 3 years of web or mobile development experience or related experience Understanding of HTML5, CSS3, NodeJS, and Javascript Knowledge of server infrastructure; cloud providers; Android and iOS development tools; bug tracking software (e.g. Jira); and source control software Automated testing and database experience A degree in Computer Science or equivalent A collaborative spirit Excellent communication and problem-solving skills + plenty of flexibility Curiosity and a willingness to continue learning (new tools, new techniques – anything to develop best practices and bring about innovative ideas) Your CV, highlighting your background and skills 
ScrapedJobID108:
Discover defects/bugs, find clear reproduction steps and enter the information in a concise manner into the database. Regressions (re-testing) of defects claimed fixed by the developers. Work well in cooperation with other testers of a team. Follow test plans/checklists set by the Team leads to ensure the high standards set by the team. Collaborate with the Senior Testers and Team Leads. Provide subjective feedback on the game or software being tested. Smoke tests. Destructive testing. Good command of the English language, verbal and written Great observational skills and attention to detail Basic knowledge of Google or Microsoft’s office suites Team player that excels in a diverse, collaborative, and fast pace environment Flexibility with availability and schedule Knowledge of multiple operating systems and bug tracking databases is a plus Experience with Mobile Gaming is a plus Experience with Video Game Testing an asset Functional French language skills and asset Competitive salary and paid training Potential to convert into a permanent position and/or growth opportunities depending on business needs and performance Paid accrued vacation and paid accrued sick time Access to our Employee Assistance Program for you and your immediate family Fun, diverse, inclusive and collaborative work environment with regular team-bonding and corporate activities/events including free coffee/snacks Work for the pre-eminent global provider of specialist services to the games industry and test unreleased video games and software Découvrez les défauts/bugs, trouvez des étapes de reproduction claires et entrez les informations de manière concise dans la base de données. Régressions (re-testing) des défauts revendiqués corrigés par les développeurs. Travaillez bien en coopération avec d'autres testeurs d'une équipe. Suivez les plans de test/listes de contrôle définis par les chefs d'équipe pour garantir les normes élevées définies par l'équipe. Collaborer avec les testeurs seniors et les chefs d'équipe. Fournir des commentaires subjectifs sur le jeu ou le logiciel testé. Essais de fumée. Essais destructifs. Grandes compétences d'observation et attention aux détails Excellent anglais/compréhension écrit et parlé. Capable de s'adapter à différentes tâches tout en restant organisé et en accomplissant le travail dans les délais. Joueur passionné avec une solide expérience de jeu sur mobile, PC et/ou console. La connaissance de plusieurs systèmes d'exploitation et bases de données de bogues est un plus. Expérience avec les jeux vidéo un plus. Des compétences linguistiques fonctionnelles en français sont un atout. Connaissance pratique des plates-formes Windows. Tester des jeux vidéo et des logiciels inédits Salaire compétitif, formation rémunérée et café gratuit Potentiel d'ouvertures permanentes à temps plein avec des opportunités de croissance Programme d'aide aux employés pour vous et votre famille immédiate (conjoint, enfants, parents, frères et sœurs) Emplacement de bureau près du métro au cœur du hub de jeu de Mile End Environnement de travail amusant, diversifié et collaboratif 
ScrapedJobID109:
General game development programming, including UI, debugging, Participate in development scheduling and hit deadlines for assigned tasks Implement well-architected systems that are robust, flexible and performant Implement core engine-level systems Prototype new gameplay ideas and concepts Work closely with the Technical Director and take technical feedback Practical experience authoring code and script in Angular and C# (C++ is an asset) Software engineering experience with server-based technologies Solid problem-solving skills A proven track record of collaborating and contributing within a dynamic team setting The ability to work independently on given tasks Excellent verbal and written communication skills BS/MS in Computer Science or equivalent Experience of developing in a live service environment Proficiency in Unity3D, along with Unity GUI / NGUI frameworks Experience with SCM tools (Git / Jira ) js and NoSQL experience (Ideally Node.js / MongoDB ) Experience building synchronous multiplayer games. Up-to-date knowledge on the latest mobile gaming trends Practical knowledge of the iOS and Android platforms Experience in debugging, performance profiling and code analysis Experience working in Agile and similar project management methodologies. 
ScrapedJobID110:
Information Technology Computer Science Microsoft Visual Studio Eclipse Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Program special effects software for film and video applications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications XML Java SQL Soap C# .NET ASP.NET Internet Database software JavaOS Presentation software Programming software Software development Data analysis software Enterprise Applications Integration (EAI) Multimedia software 
ScrapedJobID111:
Partner closely with clients and product owners to define and understand product requirements and success metrics Build and maintain new products/features for new or existing mobile applications Uphold software engineering best practices across engineering team, through peer code-reviews, pair programming, and collaboration Perform entire software development lifecycle, including discovery, effort estimation, design, development, and launch of applications Effectively identify, diagnose, and repair performance bottlenecks and bugs 3 or more years of experience with native mobile development using at least one of the platform from either Android or iOS Experience building and deploying at least one hybrid app - Ionic/Cordova/React Native/Flutter Experience building applications that consume RESTful APIs Bonus points if you’ve built both native iOS and Android apps Generous Vacation Policy including an additional paid Holiday week at the end of the calendar year Extended Health Benefits including life, medical, vision and dental; virtual consultations and family assistance program Parental leave policy Lots of opportunities for learning & development Quarterly staff events and bi-weekly team socials When in office: Dog friendly workplace, snacks, games, quiet spaces, and lots of coffee! 
ScrapedJobID112:
Des tests en jouant les jeux vidéo afin de détecter des bogues et les rapporter avec une équipe de testeurs/leads au top Des évaluations sur le fonctionnement global du jeu, ainsi que la qualité des graphiques, audios, effets visuels Des recherches pour identifier les anomalies qui affectent l’intégrité et le but principal du jeu Des rapports sur les bogues que tu auras identifié(e)s et qui affectent directement ou indirectement l’expérience des joueurs, en respectant les critères de qualité de l’entreprise Des plans de test que tu pourrais aussi améliorer Des retours aux développeurs sur l'expérience joueur lorsqu'ils le demandent Collaborera avec l’équipe de test et apportera ton aide aux autres membres de l’équipe Communiquera de façon cohérente avec les autres membres de l’équipe et sur l’avancement des tâches assignées Fournira des commentaires constructifs aux développeurs Ouverte d'esprit et respectueuse des autres Veut entrer dans une entreprise en pleine expansion et s'y investir pour progresser Sait s'amuser tout en restant professionnel dans un environnement qui évolue rapidement Excellente capacité de communications (oral et écrit) en anglais, le français est un plus Excellente capacité à travailler en équipe Connaissance de l'informatique de base (google sheet) Bonne connaissance de Microsoft Office Ouvert à l’apprentissage sur l’utilisation d’outils de développement informatique et à suivre une formation continue Autonomie et débrouillardise Réactif, flexible, rigoureux Savoir s’adapter continuellement au changement et aux nouvelles priorités Une entreprise à croissance rapide Convivial et multiculturel Opportunités de carrière Contrat longue durée avec possibilité de prolongation Overtime pay Casual dress Company events 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday No weekends On call 
ScrapedJobID113:
Pair you with senior product mentors during your time in the Rotational Product Manager program Provide full access to training/workshops by our talented directors of product Attend Zynga’s annual PM-only offsite Academic performance, natural curiosity, critical/analytical thinking, proven leadership capabilities, a passion for games, and a desire to create winning/lasting products Completed undergraduate degree between December 2021 – June 2022 Health Benefits: Zynga pays 100% of benefit premiums for Medical, Dental, and Vision coverage for all U.S. full-time employees and 75% of their dependents’ premiums. Zynga employees receive an abundance of cool freebies and gear all year long! Dog-friendly! Every day is “bring your dog to work day.” Relaxation lounges! Unwind with ping pong, foosball, or an assortment of arcade games, console games, and more We also provide free gym memberships at certain locations. 
ScrapedJobID114:
Develop complex and customized emails that adhere to industry best practices and brand guidelines Working independently on producing flawless emails that are compatible across platforms, browsers and devices Working with Dynamic components and modules Being able to find efficiencies in the process and help overcome technical issues and/or constraints Keeping up to date with industry standards, innovations and email development best practices Collaborating with Salesforce Campaign Managers for timely deliverables. Communicating and providing regular updates on the status of production 2 years of email coding experience with excellent understanding of delivery issues across various platform You have a keen eye for design and will be looked upon as an extension of the creative team Experience with enterprise email technologies like SFMC/ExactTarget is mandatory (Bonus: Acoustic/Silverpop and AEM experience) Experience in Sketch, Adobe XD, Photoshop or Figma is also mandatory Proficient in HTML and CSS (Bonus: Javascript and Node knowledge) Ensure all items are checked for accuracy to specifications Strong problem-solving, organizational and communication skills Have a thorough comprehension of timelines and exhibit flawless project execution Most importantly, you pride yourself in delivering well built, organized, and error-free final files 
ScrapedJobID115:

ScrapedJobID116:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Program special effects software for film and video applications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications Spreadsheet Programming software Website creation and management software 
ScrapedJobID117:
The position is permanent, full-time. We're open to developers with several years of practical team experience. Variety of work is appreciated. The Voices team is located in London, Ontario Canada, but you could be elsewhere in Canada. You will work on the Voices web UI, backend controls, APIs & app logic, special architecture projects, and everything in between. PHP and vanilla JS (and sometimes Node.js) are our primary languages. Familiarity with modern PHP & JS is a bonus. You should be able to help plan team sprints and projects through estimation and cooperative research. You will have the opportunity to develop new features and find ways to improve the product. Sometimes these features will span multiple teams for an all-hands approach. You will also handle internal support conversations, investigate trouble tickets, and contribute to occasional infrastructure projects. Building customer-facing and internal user interfaces with CSS from LESS/SASS, HTML & JS. Creating and extending an MVC application using PHP frameworks (CodeIgniter, Laravel) and occasional scripts. Other technologies also play a role. Applying your knowledge of accessibility standards (AODA, WCAG) and site security (OWASP) to improve life for our users. Testing your work for performance and bottleneck improvements. Building or extending our internal APIs and 3rd-party integrations (Salesforce, S3, SQS, and other AWS services). Working with multiple Git branches, writing and reviewing Pull Requests (BitBucket), and pushing production-level code regularly and on a schedule. Help prepare the test and release plan for your work by creating DB migration scripts and collaborating with the testing team. Helping to maintain our internal component library & design system, and contribute to build scripts (Gulp, Webpack, Babel). Building new product pages and functionality for our website and documenting projects (Confluence). Writing and updating technical documentation and requirements. Reviewing and triaging support conversations. Fixing bugs and following up with our Product and Support teams. Collaborating via Slack, Figma, and regular video or in-person chats. You want to ship regularly. Your passion is to build end-to-end software. You always want to improve and learn. You understand the importance of quality code. Your code is documented, understandable and predictable. Tests are written with confidence. You’re comfortable with a varied stack. You have production-level experience with JavaScript, PHP, React, build & migration scripts, and even asynchronous queues. You can explain your thinking. You are able to communicate your ideas or issues well. Your goal is to build for everyone. You are skilled in developing front-ends from scratch to create valid, reusable, performant, and accessible pages at all screen sizes. You are self-motivated and can work independently. You take the initiative to make sure that you have everything you need and will call for support when required. You love learning. You thrive on solving problems, learning new tricks, bridging the gaps between new and old, and want to keep getting even better. You love sharing. Helping your team based on your experience is time well spent. You have 3+ years experience in database-driven web site development. You earned a BS or MS in Computer Science, Diploma in Web Development or have the equivalent work experience. Development Manager Technical Project Managers Product Managers Product Designers UX Researchers Product & Marketing Developers Infrastructure Developers Quality Assurance Team Voices had all of our colleagues working from home with their laptops, monitor, accessories includes their ergonomic chairs by Monday March 16th, 2020 We hold virtual huddle every Monday and bi-weekly virtual Town Halls We care about the mental health of our colleagues through our EFAP program and human connection through our optional virtual social events such as meditation, stretching, games, happy hours, etc. 
ScrapedJobID118:
Designing, developing, optimizing and maintaining the Company’s Houdini-Maya Plugin and its related ecosystem of software components. Contributing to other features of the Company’s 2D and 3D animation software products using C++ programming language and other languages as required, such as Python and VEX. Ensuring a high level of quality and performance in the developed code architecture and features, with an emphasis on long term viability and superior user experience. Debugging and fixing product deficiencies (bugs). Supporting multiple hardware platforms. Working on special projects and other strategic and technical opportunities as may be assigned. Maintaining up to date knowledge on techniques and current practices in the area of software development, computer science, computer graphics, visual effects and games. Assisting, as required, in product support or product sales and marketing activities as beneficial to the interest of the company. Traveling on Company business to participate in various events, sales calls, presentations, meetings and other activities (not expected to exceed 15% of the time). Seeking opportunities to protect the company’s intellectual property through the identification of patentable innovations and through the filing of patents. Participating in conferences (e.g. Siggraph and GDC) in the form of papers, panels, sketches, courses, etc., to enhance the company’s reputation as a leading innovator in computer graphics, visual effects, and games. Managing and mentoring of co-op, junior or intermediate software developers. Ensuring a high level of cooperation and collaboration with peers and managers. Other duties as assigned. Adjustments will be made to enable duties & responsibilities to be met working remotely considering the current Covid-19 pandemic situation. Extensive knowledge and experience creating plugins and scripts for Maya Computer Science degree or equivalent A record of academic and professional excellence Strong knowledge of C++ and Python programming Experience in software architecture and design Ability to learn independently, think fast, and use solid judgement Ability to draw from varied technologies and innovate at a fast rate Excellent problem-solving skills Ability to work well independently and in a nimble team environment Excellent verbal and written communication Experience in the film or game industry Relevant contribution to large scale software architecture and development Multi-threaded, multi-platform development and optimization User interface design (workflow, look, and feel) Proficient in HOM, OpenCL, CUDA, GLSL Familiarity with Houdini or related 3D software Hybrid Work option - A great office in Downtown Toronto (right across from Union station) with the flexibility to work from home (most roles). You can help us test out our Hybrid Pilot Project 3 weeks’ vacation to relax and re-energize Health insurance coverage including a Health Service Spending Account (HSSA only for Canadian employees), for you and your dependents (only permanent employees) Employee Assistance Program (EAP); because sometimes we need a bit of extra support Retirement Plan with company matched contributions (only permanent employees) A highly competitive bonus structure (only permanent employees) A generous sick time entitlement to care for yourself and your loved ones Because you want to be part of a unique experience and winning team that has won an Oscar and an Emmy (Cool, right?) Because you want to be part of an industry-leading company that is constantly mindfully growing Because you want to work with some of the most talented people in the industry on a ground-breaking product Because you want to work with people from all around the world Because you want to be part of an exciting and fun industry Because you want to join and add to a positive, supportive and respected company culture Because you want your job to be GREAT! Location
Toronto, Ontario Department
Research and Development Employment Type
Full-Time 
ScrapedJobID119:
Collaborate with a cross-functional team (copywriter, motion designer, illustrator, visual designer, and developer) on concepts and execution of concepts Contribute conceptual ideas based on a brief and deep research (provided to you) that are creative, often highly interactive and functional Apply design thinking to the broader context of the brand and project scope Design web layouts using Figma Work with distinctive brand assets including colour palettes, fonts, icons, illustrations, photography, and copy Help to implement web designs using low-code web creation tools such as Webflow QA coded pages to ensure cross-browser compatibility Help improve SaaS onboarding experiences with friendly UI design and onboarding best practices. Most of our clients are selling SaaS products and need help optimizing their signup flows Review analytics and heat mapping tools to improve stickiness and conversion rates for our clients' sites Participate in team concepting sessions, design jams, and prepare for client deliveries Collaborate with the Creative Director, Web Director, and project team to explore concepts and iterate based on constructive feedback while thinking ahead to anticipate and solve challenges Adobe Creative Cloud Figma Slack G Suite / Google Workspace Webflow or similar 4+ years of experience as a Web Designer 2+ years experience working in Figma (or Sketch) A working knowledge of CSS and HTML Some experience with low-code environments like Webflow is a major asset A portfolio that demonstrates your ability to design modern websites that includes thinking around motion and interactions Intermediate skills in colour theory, typography, and composition skills A love of grid-based layout and an understanding of how to break it tastefully A passion for new technology and a desire to learn how things work The ability to communicate design decisions with solid rationale Experience with UI/UX or product design Illustration or graphic design skills Working knowledge of After Effects/Lottie Javascript
‍ Competitive compensation Great benefits package Annual education allowance An organization with strong core values A team-oriented/collaborative environment Exciting clients Quarterly group activities and an annual retreat Bring your dog to work Downtown office location Remote working and flex hours 
ScrapedJobID120:
Consulting firm Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Program special effects software for film and video applications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications Informatica Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Tight deadlines Unix Servers Programming software Software development Enterprise Applications Integration (EAI) API Business intelligence Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID121:
Implementing and maintaining automated processes for testing, isolating and identifying bugs Constantly re-evaluating and improving automated processes and test suites Reviewing iteration requirements and assisting in the tracking of automated testing Communicating findings to Engineers and QA Analysts Aligning team and department schedule with game teams Researching tools, and incorporating new tools as they become available 5+ years experience in QA testing methodologies and tracking systems Strong knowledge of C#, Python scripting (expertise in automated testing and tools development is a good asset) Proven experience with Unity editor scripting, Unity build management and continuous integration Strong communication skills; ability to communicate/share information with technical and non-technical team members and forge close relationships with engineers and technical Ability to identify underlying issues and determine best course of action for resolution Work from anywhere - remote and in-office options Join a world class team eager to learn something new everyday You’ll be equipped with high-end equipment Competitive compensation and benefits Stock Options, Group RRSP and employer matching Generous allowances and perks Uken social nights including mixers, game night, and more - we take entertainment seriously! Convenient location in the heart of downtown Toronto at Front & John St. 
ScrapedJobID122:
Engage with our clients to analyze their requirements; Design and document solution to address these requirements; Evaluate the level of effort required to develop solutions; Develop ETL scripts per client's expectations; Document your work as necessary; Diagnose and resolve problems using debugging tools; Provide quality assurance testing and provide detailed technical feedback for your and/or your peers; Work alongside your peers in the Professional Services, Customer Success, and Sales team; Positively contribute to the improvement of the team’s quality, efficiency, and capability; Follow and contribute to your teams’ processes, best practices, methodologies, and guidelines. Associates degree or equivalent technical experience, a Bachelor degree is preferred; Excellent computer skills; 1+ years of experience in data integrations; Strong experience with ETL and database technologies; SQL knowledge (query performance tuning, index maintenance, etc.) as well as an understanding of database structure; Knowledge of data modeling principles; Knowledge of at least one ETL tool (SSIS, Informatica, Talend, etc.); Knowledge of various SQL/NoSQL data storage mechanisms and Big Data technologies; Passionate about complex data structures and problem solving; Ability to pick up new data tools and concepts quickly; Proven expertise with SaaS solutions and Cloud technologies; Proven expertise with scripting and programming, including SQL, shell scripting, and Python; Ability to adapt to a rapidly changing product and respond strategically to customer needs; Ability to anticipate, prevent and solve problems both scrappily and holistically; Ability to perform detail-oriented work, independently as well as in a group; Excellent communication, written skills, and analytical skills; Experience with a scripting language preferred. Paralegal or equivalent legal experience; PostgreSQL experience; Experience working with APIs, including API testing tools; Prior programming experience. Medical, Dental, Vision, and Life Insurance Flexible PTO Sick Days Professional and Financial Growth Great culture and environment Social, Health, and Wellness Events Anniversary Gifts Birthday Time Off Employee Assistance Programs Brand new full Onsite Gym (San Diego) Weekly onsite masseuse and chiropractor (San Diego) Ocean Views, Game Room, Volleyball Court, Outdoor Zen Relaxation Area, BBQ & Patio Area, Cafeteria (San Diego) 
ScrapedJobID123:
You’ll work on an Agile development team which includes Developers, Test Developers, Designers, a Product Manager, and a Development Manager Teams can tackle any problem in any area, ensuring exposure to a variety of problems and technologies All members of the team contribute to the definition, requirements, development, and testing of the problems we are solving Our team has many high potential junior members who would benefit from your strong technical mentorship You’re passionate about our users and are their advocates in the development process You collaborate effectively, helping your teammates to grow and develop their technical and non-technical skills Strong understanding of Computer Science topics, including data structures, algorithms, databases, and distributed systems A body of work demonstrating a consistent ability to complete technical challenges Familiarity or experience with at least some of the technology we use, including C#, Java, AWS, serverless applications, SQL and NoSQL databases, Java script, web components, Node.js Bachelor’s degree or diploma in computer science, computer engineering or similar technical discipline Flexible work hours and environment, currently allowing working from home and/or in the office Brand new collaborative (and dog-friendly) office environment Amazing views of Vancouver and harbor from dedicated top floor of historic Marine Building with private outdoor balconies Central downtown location, close to transit hubs, restaurants, and pubs Free secure bike parking and shower, with available (for extra charge) clothes dryers, full bike wash, and executive bike room Diverse and friendly group that schedules time to socialize over cake and games Foosball tables, video and board games 
ScrapedJobID124:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or Software Engineering. 2 years of experience in technical writing regarding complex software applications and processes. Experience working with software developers Experience working with financial data a bonus. Familiarity with data security and privacy regulations a bonus Strong knowledge of software development lifecycle. Experience working with source code written in PHP, Python and/or JavaScript Experience with documentation publishing software and workflows Casual dress Flexible schedule Work from home Monday to Friday Do you meet the DS4Y criteria (30 or under, Cdn/PR, post grad) listed at https://www.ic.gc.ca/eic/site/122.nsf/eng/00001.html. It's a government grant requirement, not a Boss Insights requirement. technical writing: 2 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID125:
Work and communicate directly with all members of the game team on a regular basis to develop the game and its design throughout production, while remaining in-line with required timelines Write and maintain living design documents for use by design, production, development, and QA staff. Hands-on work during production including play-testing, tuning, data-entry, content creation, and some scripting. Ensure all delivered versions of assigned games are thoroughly play-tested with a design-critical approach and report all issues and required changes. Identify and help to prioritize any issues in assigned games in conjunction with production and other team leads. Identify and report any aspects of the assigned game, its design, or its development process, which may compromise its final quality or overall success. Develop—or contribute to—new concepts and game pitches for the studio as required. Play—and contribute feedback for—all games currently in development or prototyping. Contribute to the studio’s growing philosophy of game design, and how we make games. 4+ years’ experience in the games industry Basic scripting experience (C#, XML / JSON, VBA) Fluency with Microsoft Excel Experience with the Unity game engine Degree (any subject)—or alternatively—games industry experience Technical knowledge of the videogame development process An avid player of both PC and console games Deep interest and knowledge in one or more mainstream sports. Casual dress Dental care Employee assistance program Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Wellness program Day shift Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID126:
According to the Deloitte Fast 50 and Deloitte Fast 500, respectively. Write and test code that is performant, scalable, maintainable and meets functional requirements Collaborate with software developers, designers and product managers to build and drive innovation in our products Participate in code reviews and brown bags to help nurture a culture of growth and learning within the organization Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent Knowledge and experience with JavaScript and NodeJS Previous experience with AWS (Elastic Beanstalk, DynamoDB, ElastiCache) a strong asset Great verbal and written communication skills Ability to work independently or in a group setting Curiosity and a strong desire to learn Generous stock option package We match 100% of your contribution to your retirement plan up to $4000 annually Monthly public transportation stipend Annual gym membership stipend Dialogue membership - unlimited free video calls and texts with nurses and doctors anytime - they’ll even help you book IRL appointments 4 weeks of vacation and 5 sick/personal days Weekly happy hour Frequent team outings and off-sites Private healthcare - includes massages 
ScrapedJobID127:
2-3 years of experience developing on the platform Confortable in JAVA and Kotlin (language specificities, design patterns) Creative with excellent problem solving and analytical skills Passion for product quality and attention to details Autonomy and efficiency are mandatory Must be a team player and effective collaborator with excellent communication skills Other requirements Understanding of mobile devices performance issues Experience with GIT (working in collaboration) Experience with custom views, animations Experience submitting and releasing applications to GooglePlay Good written and spoken English 
ScrapedJobID128:
Git and services like GitLab, Github CSS preprocessors like SASS and PostCSS REST/GraphQL APIs Agile Development Experience Server-side languages like Ruby CRUD and prototyping frameworks like RoR or Laravel Relational databases We are open to remote working from home (but value getting together to hash out solutions) A fun, collaborative work environment A lot of espresso… Extended benefits for you and your spouse 
ScrapedJobID129:
Bonus pay Flexible schedule Work from home journalism: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID130:
Build an inspiring game vision and help champion that vision to other team members Design, implement, tune, and balance game systems, economies, and progression Solve game design problems that are worth solving; synthesize Game Mechanics, Theme, Monetization Strategies, and Social Features into an integrated product Foster creative and scalable design solutions, improving the quality of the product and efficiency of the team Work collaboratively with Producers, Designers, Product Managers, Engineers, Analysts, and cross-functional teams to facilitate well planned and executed features Create design docs, drawings, diagrams, flowcharts, and any other necessary documents to communicate design functionality and vision Build Blockchain mobile, PC & web games that the world loves to play Be a constant student of evolving game dynamics, emerging player behavior and trends, and champion these insights to improve effectiveness of design efforts 12+ years of Game Design experience in PC, Web & Mobile free-to-play games including having shipped at least 2 titles as Lead and/or Director 5+ years of direct management experience Strong verbal and written communication skills and ability to organized game design workflow from initial concept to final release and post-release support An ability to embrace an environment that iterates constantly Capable of wrapping your head around the challenges and opportunities inherent in blockchain technology Strong analytical abilities and able to synthesize game systems and mechanics to improve game features and systems Strong exposure and confidence in identifying and analyzing KPIs then providing action items to ensure the sustainability of your game from a revenue and growth perspective Experience with all aspects of game design discipline: concept, game progression, interface, monetization, and retention Pride in creating a high-quality, addictive and social game feature-sets Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience with an emphasis on game design, economics, math, or psychology Spreadsheet wizardry Experience with Sport Games a plus 
ScrapedJobID131:
Be responsible for taking a Tier 1-2 Flow developer from the Partnerships team and project managing them end-to-end from building to launch, and supporting post-launch initiatives as needed Help Partnerships team referrals that are lacking developer resources match with vetted third-party developers and design, organize, and implement an effective developer vetting program at scale Collaborate with Solutions Engineering colleagues for technical feedback and support on developers' decentralized applications and service protocols built for Flow blockchain Build and maintain strong relationships with developers to drive success and satisfaction Work with the VP of Partner Management & Operations on an organization-wide strategic plan and process for developer relations at scale Work closely with Partnerships team leads and Product and Engineering teams to scope new projects, document requirements and best practices, and track ongoing feature improvements Serve as a developer advocate within Dapper Labs, collecting and disseminating relevant developer feedback and information to internal stakeholders as needed You are capable of applying your skills across a variety of use cases; inflexible specialists need not apply We believe in processes and the power of planning, but you will often have to roll with the punches and prioritize the most impactful tasks on the fly Minimum 4-5 years in developer relations or product management, including work experience at a company that develops and/or hosts third-party digital content, games, or other applications Proven success working in complex, technical environments Self-starter with an entrepreneurial spirit Work experience in blockchain is also preferred When we can safely return to our head office in Vancouver, fuel up with healthy snacks and coffee, get fit with an onsite gym, recover with onsite RMT/acupuncturist, and meet the many furry friends of our dog-friendly office! 
ScrapedJobID132:
Partner closely with clients and product owners to define and understand product requirements and success metrics Build and maintain new products/features for new or existing mobile applications Uphold software engineering best practices across engineering team, through peer code-reviews, pair programming, and collaboration Perform entire software development lifecycle, including discovery, effort estimation, design, development, and launch of applications Effectively identify, diagnose, and repair performance bottlenecks and bugs 3 or more years of experience with native mobile development using at least one of the platform from either Android or iOS Experience building and deploying at least one hybrid app - Ionic/Cordova/React Native/Flutter Experience building applications that consume RESTful APIs Bonus points if you’ve built both native iOS and Android apps Generous Vacation Policy including an additional paid Holiday week at the end of the calendar year Extended Health Benefits including life, medical, vision and dental; virtual consultations and family assistance program Parental leave policy Lots of opportunities for learning & development Quarterly staff events and bi-weekly team socials When in office: Dog friendly workplace, snacks, games, quiet spaces, and lots of coffee! 
ScrapedJobID133:
Design, develop and maintain our service APIs Ensure service scalability through effective code and data storage design Design, implement, test, and maintain Unity's services that are capable of handling real-time and batch processing of thousands of requests and daily events Write high-quality code that supports existing and future functionality of the product Interact with larges amounts of data and debug complicated customer issues Software development experience using at least one compiled and statically typed language (Java, Golang, C++ or similar) Experience or familiarity with databases like Mongo, MySQL, BigQ or similar Ability to clearly communicate your ideas, solutions and discuss them with the team Attitude to solve problems with a qualitative approach with mentality towards engineering excellence Desire to learn and use new technologies to help build great products for our users Experience in AdTech or Gaming is a plus, but not required Experience with Unity Editor Education on machine learning, math, physics, computer science, or equivalent Concevoir, développer et maintenir nos API de service Assurer l'évolutivité des services à l'aide d'une conception efficace du code et du stockage des données Concevoir, implémenter, tester et maintenir des services Unity qui sont en mesure de prendre en charge un traitement en lot et en temps réel de milliers de requêtes et d'événements au quotidien Écrire du code de grande qualité qui prend en charge les fonctionnalités actuelles et futures des produits Interagir avec de grandes quantités de données et résoudre les problèmes compliqués rencontrés par les clients Une expérience du développement de logiciels en utilisant au moins un langage compilé et à typage statique (Java, Golang, C++ ou similaire) Une expérience ou une familiarité avec les bases de données comme Mongo, MySQL, BigQ ou similaires Une capacité à communiquer clairement vos idées et vos solutions, et d'en discuter avec l'équipe Une attitude visant à résoudre les problèmes avec une approche qualitative et une mentalité orientée vers l'excellence en matière d'ingénierie Un désir d'apprendre et d'utiliser de nouvelles technologies pour contribuer à la création de produits exceptionnels pour nos utilisateurs Une expérience en technologies publicitaires ou en jeux vidéo est un atout, mais n'est pas requise Une expérience avec l'éditeur Unity Une formation en apprentissage automatique, en mathématiques, en physique ou en informatique, ou un diplôme équivalent 
ScrapedJobID134:
Working independently on multiple smaller tasks or larger builds with shifting priorities and tight deadlines Adhering to and providing accurate estimates for the amount of time required to repair a defect, a build, or to add additional functionality to an existing application Providing efficient solutions in a timely manner for work requests, issues, and defects Communicating well with account managers, supervisors, and clients in regards to work requests, problems and defects Acting as both a peer / mentor to other developers as well as be comfortable asking for help from team members Implementing updates & revisions to web applications Experience building React applications that:
Work with an API to serve dynamic content from an outside source.
Will interact with headless Drupal setups through specifications like JSON:API. Work with an API to serve dynamic content from an outside source. Will interact with headless Drupal setups through specifications like JSON:API. We work extensively with Drupal which is a PHP based content management framework, and while Drupal experience is a plus, it’s not a requirement. Experience working with design systems or style guides provided by a creative or UX team. Ability to find and fix problems in code, this might not be your code and your only hint might be a cryptic complaint from a client. If you know other programming languages or frameworks, don’t forget to mention them, any technical knowledge is relevant. Comfortable with the command line, such as running scripts or managing files While this is a React position, applicants with Vue, Angular or other javascript framework experience will be considered. Formal education or prior experience is NOT required, we just want to know that you can code, so hopefully you have some code you can show us. All offers of employment with Acro Media Inc are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Flex start times & Earned days off: Do you prefer to start at 8:00? or 9:00? We'll work with you. Want every second Friday off? Well we've got a program for that too! Paid Overtime: What? What?! Yep you heard right. We pay for all approved OT...not that we want everyone working so hard, but with the natural ebb and flow of our industry sometimes it's needed to blast out the OT in order to keep our heads above water. We find this little pay cheque nugget is a nice reward for the over timerz. Slappies: Tougher to explain but once a month we get together and have a little ceremony, some food, a few brews - no altars or corporate chants involved. Fun day: We aim to have fun every day; however, every year for a day we cram a bunch of fun on ourselves. Weee! SPARC Events: Sometimes we have an in-house breakfast, team building events, (less corny than it sounds), competitions, or just a plain little reward for no reason. It's a little spark in our usually normal days. Warning, we wear costumes. Often. Culture: We're a certain type of people. We're all a little different and unique in our own way but we seem to work well together. No one’s perfect and we embrace that. We take our work seriously, but we don't take ourselves too seriously. Check out our site to get to know us! Remote work available! 
ScrapedJobID135:
Bonus pay Disability insurance Extended health care Monday to Friday Overtime Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID136:
Intermediate to senior experience with JavaScript, TypeScript, React, CSS, and other frontend technologies and frameworks. Intermediate to senior experience developing, deploying, and maintaining responsive, single page apps. Intermediate to senior experience debugging, optimizing, and testing (unit/regression/cross-browser) responsive, single page apps. Experience with SOA and REST APIs The type of work. Challenging, stimulating and meaningful work. New and relevant tech stack. We know engineers/developers especially want to work on hard technical and innovative problems. The inspiration from skilled and proven leaders. Entrepreneurial fingerprints on what will be a future billion dollar company anchored in Canada. Culture, team, and the work environment. High degree of autonomy and accountability. High degrees of transparency and high quality communication. Builders Intellectually Curious Ambitious Objective Oriented Supportive Check us out! We gather compensation benchmarking data across BC and Canada’s Tech Industry, and use that data to build a range for our current team and future talent based on skill, capabilities and potential. These positions can range from $85,000-$140,000 CDN based on level of experience, skill, and capacities. So there is always continued conversation around compensation. Benefits. We currently have extended health benefits. Vacation. Unlimited Vacation. We want the team to prioritize wellness and avoid burnout. We want to also give individuals autonomy to choose how and when they take vacation. We understand and respect that everyone’s needs for time off are different, just like our team. Vacation usually falls into 3 categories: recharging, life-event, keeping a work-life balance. just ensure the required work gets done and clear it with your team in advance. In practice we usually see our teams take anywhere from 2-4 weeks a year, and Klue always takes a reasonable approach so we can all continue to benefit from flexibility. Work-life integration: Hybrid work model, flexible working schedules, and a global team. 
ScrapedJobID137:
As a member of our small but mighty Operations team, you’ll support the team in all their needs such as company-wide projects and initiatives that help make the portfolio the fun, supportive workplace it is today. You’ll flex your administration expertise through owning the Calendars and helping with meeting preparation for our President. You’re able to assist with personal tasks for CEO and President which include buying birthday gifts, coordinating dry cleaning, appointments etc. We travel at ultra high-speeds without compromising quality - comfort with ambiguity will be key. Curiosity is at our core. We’re not afraid to ask questions as we innovate and implement process improvements that help us make greater impacts for our people. You have experience in an Executive Assistant role. You have stellar interpersonal skills. You’ll be collaborating with team members across the entire organization, including executive leadership. You are extremely organized. We have a lot going on at all times, and you relish in the opportunity to bring structure to chaos. You exhibit high attention to detail in everything you do. The Ops team deals with a lot of important documents. Ensuring accuracy in these documents will be your responsibility. You’re not just comfortable with ambiguity, you thrive in it! You don’t have an ego, and are eager to jump in wherever you are needed. Flexible vacation & work policy - as we accomplish our goals, time off is more than a must. We offer minimum 15 days off per year with no hard limit for our high impact individuals. As a remote-first company, live and work from where it suits you best. Diverse opportunities for learning and development - we provide resources for conferences, classes, books, and other opportunities to maintain and expand your skill set and professional growth. Fitness reimbursements - stay fit with our reimbursements for health-related benefits like gym memberships, fitness apps, and personal training. Top-Line equipment - in addition to receiving a paid voice/data plan, every team member receives a generous equipment budget to try new gadgets, tools, and platforms. Flexible parental leave policies - We understand the importance and demands of a growing family. In addition to state, provincial, and federal leave allowances, parents on the team have the flexibility to work from home or take days off when family needs to come first. When safe to return to our office, those in Vancouver who choose to do so can fuel up with healthy snacks and coffee, get fit with an onsite gym, recover with onsite RMT/acupuncturist, and meet the many furry friends of our dog-friendly office! 
ScrapedJobID138:
Design features aligned with the creative and game directions (e.g. gameplay rules, progression systems, combat systems, weapon attributes, artificial intelligence behaviours, 3Cs, etc.). Collaborate with cross-functional teams to integrate your assigned features. Develop in-engine prototypes and evaluate their performance. Adapt to technical and production constraints, reworking your design when and as often as needed. Participate in finding solutions to fix buggy features. Create and maintain design documentation that will guide interdependent teams. Follow up on features post-launch to improve, add, or remove components. A college diploma in Game Design or equivalent (undergraduate degree an asset) At least 3 years of experience in video game production or related experience Experience with game engines (e.g. Unity or Unreal) and productivity software (word processors, spreadsheets, etc.) An innovative, empathetic, and collaborative spirit Exceptional communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills (you’re able to clearly explain your thought process on paper and in person) Critical thinking, curiosity, resourcefulness, and plenty of flexibility A solid understanding of the market and a passion for video games – you play enough to know what makes quality gameplay! Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID139:

ScrapedJobID140:

ScrapedJobID141:
Design flexible economy systems and features (progression & reward structures, currencies, sinks & sources etc.) aligned with the creative, game, and monetization directions. Work closely with the monetization team to come up with pricing strategies for items, events, and services. Create game economy simulations and evaluate their performance & their impact on player experience. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to integrate your designs. Balance and adapt your work based on technical and production constraints, play test results, and comments from cross-functional teams. Write and maintain design documentation that will serve as a reference to guide interdependent teams. Provide your input on in-game content and pricing + come up with suggestions to refine designs. Develop a plan for collecting and evaluating player feedback, post-launch. Assess the impacts of adding, removing, or updating content on player engagement. An undergraduate degree in Game Design, Economics, Finance, Mathematics, or equivalent At least 2 years of experience in design, economics, or related experience (live/online game development a huge plus) In-depth knowledge of Excel + basic familiarity with game engines (e.g. Unity or Unreal) * An innovative, creative, and collaborative spirit Critical thinking, curiosity, attention to detail, resourcefulness, and plenty of flexibility Ability to translate analytical findings into actionable recommendations Excellent problem-solving, organizational, communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills An understanding of player motivation & a passion video games Knowledge of data visualization software (e.g. Tableau) and scripting languages an asset Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID142:

ScrapedJobID143:
Only applies to full-time positions. Create Concept & Game Art for a variety of projects. Characters, mini-game visualizations, environments, icons, pop-up alerts, and more! Work with the Art Lead and team in maintaining the look of a project. Demonstrate stylistic uniformity across the game through provided assignments. Brainstorm ideas with your team within established guidelines. 2+ yrs experience as a Production Artist and/or Concept Artist. A strong portfolio demonstrating digital artwork; character art and posing, anatomy, illustration, backgrounds, 3D form, and stylistic agility. Self-directed and flexible person who is able to work with tight deadlines. Excellent communication and collaboration abilities to work within a team environment. Experience with Photoshop and Vector illustrations. Art Degree or equivalent working experience. Experience making art for games and/or cartoons. Passion for games and virtual worlds. Company news and events on our LinkedIn Company Blog Employee Feedback on our Comparably page Find videos on our teams and games on our Youtube 
ScrapedJobID144:
Participer à la définition des exigences techniques ; Participer à la création et à l’évolution de l’architecture conceptuelle de jeux, des communautés en ligne et des mondes virtuels ; Participer à l’estimation de la charge et du temps de travail avec l’équipe de développement ; Participer à l’élaboration des méthodes de travail (méthodes, outils et technologies); Participer concrètement aux différents projets; Intégrer les animations visuelles; Trouver des solutions pour arriver aux résultats de façon efficace. Participate in the definition of technical requirements; Participate in the creation and evolution of the conceptual architecture of games, online communities and virtual worlds; Participate in the estimation of the workload and working time with the development team; Participate in the development of working methods (methods, tools and technologies); Participate concretely in different projects; Integrate visual animations; Find solutions to achieve results effectively. Diplôme d’études collégiales ou universitaire dans un domaine lié à la programmation; 2 à 5 années d’expérience à titre de développeur de jeux (Unity3D et/ou Unreal) ou dans tout autre poste comparable; Connaissance du cycle de développement de jeux mobiles, PC et/ou consoles; Expérience en développement de jeux mobiles, PC ou consoles avec Unity3D et/ou Unreal; Connaissance C# et/ou C++; Être légalement admissible à travailler au Canada; Bilinguisme à l’oral et à l’écrit (français et anglais); Langage natif IOS/Android est un atout. College or university degree in a field related to programming; 2 to 5 years of experience as a game developer (Unity3D and / or Unreal) or in any other comparable position; Knowledge of the development cycle of mobile games, PC and / or consoles; Experience in developing mobile, PC or console games with Unity3D and / or Unreal; Knowledge of C # and / or C ++; Be legally eligible to work in Canada; Oral and written bilingualism (French and English); Native IOS / Android language is an asset. Salaire compétitif ; Assurances collectives offrant une couverture pour un large éventail de soins de santé, les soins dentaires, l’assurance salaire courte et longue durée et une assurance voyage ; REER collectif avec contribution avantageuse de l’employeur ; Stationnement gratuit ; Horaire régulier de 37,5 heures par semaine ; Projets originaux et variés ; Collations santé offertes gratuitement tous les jours ; Réel impact sur les projets ; Accès à ton propre espace personnalisé au cœur d’un espace ouvert, lumineux et branché ; Des clients d’envergure internationale dans les domaines du jouet et du divertissement ; Travailler avec des gens compétents et talentueux ; Une culture du jeu très forte ; Des activités sociales et beaucoup de plaisir ! Competitive salary; Group insurance offering health, disability and dental coverage and travel coverage; RRSP program including an employer contribution; Free parking; Schedule of 37,5 hours per week; Work on original and various projects; Free healthy snacks offered every day; Real impact on your projects; Own personalized space in our bright, comfortable and trendy open environment; Top international clients in the toys and entertainment business. Does Hasbro, Disney, Cartoon Network, Warner Brothers ring a bell? Work with talented and competent people; Strong gaming culture; Social events and a lot of fun! 
ScrapedJobID145:
Celebrates diversity, inclusion, and is passionate about mutual success Creating well architected solutions mapping to customer requirements by collaborating with the client stakeholders Provides technical oversight and governance of Salesforce projects Lead technical design sessions including writing, scoping and sizing technical user stories, writing technical architecture and technical design documents Utilizing Apex, Lightning Web Components and other technologies to architect and build customized solutions Manage the technical delivery of custom development, integrations, and data migration elements of a Salesforce implementation, coaching junior members and acting as build master where required. Understands the mechanics and implementation of Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment processes with industry standard tools Facilitating the technical team, articulates projects risks, identifies and manages design issues, and communicates overall Salesforce best practices Design and construct integrations between applications and other systems Help to design coding standards, lead reviews to maintain the quality and efficiency of development standards and patterns 3+ years experience on the Salesforce.com platform with an advanced knowledge of sales, service and community clouds. Expert level knowledge and experience in implementing Apex design patterns, Aura Framework and Lightening Web Components ( LWC ). Experience in developing complex real time integrations using Salesforce REST,SOAP and Platform Events Familiarity with advanced programming concepts and system architecture Understanding of security tools , TLS, SSL. Experience with SAML, SSO, 0Auth Knowledge of data integration tools and experience integrating Salesforce with different business systems (ETL, Middleware, CPQ, marketing automation, reporting, etc.) Strong understanding of environment management, release management, code versioning best practices, and deployment methodologies Requirement is to be on-site for projects in the Greater Toronto Area Two or more full cycle Service Cloud implementations Call Center UI/UX design experience IVR and CTI integration experience Must have Salesforce Developer I credentials 
ScrapedJobID146:
Bonus pay Disability insurance Extended health care Monday to Friday Overtime Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID147:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science with focus in UX design, interactive media, game design or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of experience with data structures/algorithms. 2 years of experience with software development with programming languages, or 1 year of experience with an advanced degree. Experience in front-end design, prototyping, building, deploying interactive experiences. Master's degree or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field. 2 years of experience with front-end frameworks, full-stack development, and/or API development. Experience developing accessible technologies. Experience in conducting user studies, designing with creative communities and integrating interactions into creators' workflows, and experience with music, art, and/or creative writing. Experience in full-stack web development (e.g., serving interactive ML models, visualizing model/user behavior, designing user experiences) and crowdsourcing/designing games for human-in-the-loop learning. Effective visual design skills for engaging users and impactful communication, and an interest in identifying new creative people and AI interaction paradigms. Grow user creativity by designing, building, and deploying delightful new creative tools leveraging cutting-edge generative models research. Enable human-in-the-loop research by working with researchers to iteratively design, build, and deploy user interactions as platforms for new research on learning from human feedback. Visualize and analyze user interaction traces to understand user behavior. Release and maintain open-source code for research and creative tools. Engage the broader community through giving talks (i.e. academic and general audience), writing blog posts, interviews with media, social media activity, and collaborative projects with artists and musicians. 
ScrapedJobID148:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Program special effects software for film and video applications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications Work under pressure Attention to detail Tight deadlines MS Windows Software development MS Office API Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID149:
Work with Creative Services staff to produce artwork for advertising, digital publishing, packaging, and other projects. Make design edits with direction from Art Director or Brand Manager. Ensure the quality and accuracy of files that we release to print and published online. Check artwork for completeness and assure adherence to established standards. Maintain standard templates and guidelines. Monitor art preparation guidelines. Recommend technical and procedural updates and changes as needed. Simplify artwork to be used across multiple assets to improve efficiency and reduce the file size. Assist in the collection, archiving, and distribution of assets for preparation of production artwork as necessary. Ensure all assets are archived to Ubisoft’s DAM. Expert level in - Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Acrobat. Strong attention to detail. Apple and Windows proficiency. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Energetic and positive attitude. Ability to handle multiple projects and adapt to changing priorities. Understanding of design fundamentals, layout, typography, and composition. Your CV, your expertise and/or related experience and skills. 
ScrapedJobID150:
Git and services like GitLab, Github CSS preprocessors like SASS and PostCSS REST/GraphQL APIs Agile Development Experience Server-side languages like Ruby CRUD and prototyping frameworks like RoR or Laravel Relational databases We are open to remote working from home (but value getting together to hash out solutions) A fun, collaborative work environment A lot of espresso… Extended benefits for you and your spouse 
ScrapedJobID151:
Designing, developing, optimizing and maintaining the Company’s Houdini-Maya Plugin and its related ecosystem of software components. Contributing to other features of the Company’s 2D and 3D animation software products using C++ programming language and other languages as required, such as Python and VEX. Ensuring a high level of quality and performance in the developed code architecture and features, with an emphasis on long term viability and superior user experience. Debugging and fixing product deficiencies (bugs). Supporting multiple hardware platforms. Working on special projects and other strategic and technical opportunities as may be assigned. Maintaining up to date knowledge on techniques and current practices in the area of software development, computer science, computer graphics, visual effects and games. Assisting, as required, in product support or product sales and marketing activities as beneficial to the interest of the company. Traveling on Company business to participate in various events, sales calls, presentations, meetings and other activities (not expected to exceed 15% of the time). Seeking opportunities to protect the company’s intellectual property through the identification of patentable innovations and through the filing of patents. Participating in conferences (e.g. Siggraph and GDC) in the form of papers, panels, sketches, courses, etc., to enhance the company’s reputation as a leading innovator in computer graphics, visual effects, and games. Managing and mentoring of co-op, junior or intermediate software developers. Ensuring a high level of cooperation and collaboration with peers and managers. Other duties as assigned. Adjustments will be made to enable duties & responsibilities to be met working remotely considering the current Covid-19 pandemic situation. Extensive knowledge and experience creating plugins and scripts for Maya Computer Science degree or equivalent A record of academic and professional excellence Strong knowledge of C++ and Python programming Experience in software architecture and design Ability to learn independently, think fast, and use solid judgement Ability to draw from varied technologies and innovate at a fast rate Excellent problem-solving skills Ability to work well independently and in a nimble team environment Excellent verbal and written communication Experience in the film or game industry Relevant contribution to large scale software architecture and development Multi-threaded, multi-platform development and optimization User interface design (workflow, look, and feel) Proficient in HOM, OpenCL, CUDA, GLSL Familiarity with Houdini or related 3D software Hybrid Work option - A great office in Downtown Toronto (right across from Union station) with the flexibility to work from home (most roles). You can help us test out our Hybrid Pilot Project 3 weeks’ vacation to relax and re-energize Health insurance coverage including a Health Service Spending Account (HSSA only for Canadian employees), for you and your dependents (only permanent employees) Employee Assistance Program (EAP); because sometimes we need a bit of extra support Retirement Plan with company matched contributions (only permanent employees) A highly competitive bonus structure (only permanent employees) A generous sick time entitlement to care for yourself and your loved ones Because you want to be part of a unique experience and winning team that has won an Oscar and an Emmy (Cool, right?) Because you want to be part of an industry-leading company that is constantly mindfully growing Because you want to work with some of the most talented people in the industry on a ground-breaking product Because you want to work with people from all around the world Because you want to be part of an exciting and fun industry Because you want to join and add to a positive, supportive and respected company culture Because you want your job to be GREAT! 
ScrapedJobID152:
Oversee the Hyper Casual games pipeline, from ideation stage to release Build a strategic Product plan for the Hyper Casual Lab Work with the external and internal teams - mentor them to successfully develop and deliver high profile games Conduct Competitors & Market analysis - identify trends, patterns, and best practices Review games KPI’s based on data analytics and market trends Help come up with new & engaging game themes and mechanics Proven Hyper Casual game design experience - a must! Be immersed in the gaming world, know the market and current trends in Hyper Casual Have excellent creative, analytical and organizational skills with proven ability to write, communicate and maintain detailed design documentation throughout Be positive and self-driven, with the ability to collaborate in a team environment Proficiency in Microsoft Excel, Flash, Perforce, Unity and Adobe Photoshop - an advantage Fluency in English-Both written and verbal communication. Competitive Salary (we also offer visa/relocation support) Make an impact - shape our next hit mobile game, reaching millions of end-users! Personal growth - we encourage continuous learning and experimentation A supportive and creative international team of professionals 
ScrapedJobID153:
Build and deliver applications on the ServiceNow platform that apply innovative technical solutions to eliminate manual processes and simplify workflows for complex procedures Review, analyze, and modify ServiceNow application configurations to include process workflows, testing, debugging and implementation of applications Thoroughly document application configuration processes and procedures Develop reports, integrations, and mobile solutions Activate and configurate ServiceNow applications to meet business needs Develop workflows and scripts to personalize existing ServiceNow applications Develop ServiceNow custom applications from inception to completion in order to automate and improve processes Work closely with users to research, design, develop and deliver innovative solutions to improve their business processes Ability to thrive in fast moving and highly complex environments. Exceptional change, problem, and incident management experience with strategic and tactical leadership traits, strong interpersonal and communications skills Analytical and KPI, ROI focused with the ability to manipulate data, build reports, and craft analysis to generate insights & recommendations across KUBRA product portfolio Ability to analyze data to leverage market insight from internal and external sources into powerful insights and actions. Excellence in consumer centric strategic and creative thinking. Demonstrated aptitude for technology, product development. Excellent written and verbal communication skills and working knowledge in the various stages of ITIL, Project Management, Change / Release, QA and DevOps lifecycles Superior ability to collaborate cross functionally University degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business Administration or related field and /or Proven technical experiences Bachelor’s degree (or equivalent years of experience) and 5+ years of overall IT experience 8+ years of overall IT experience 5+ years of ITSM experience is preferred 3+ years of experience with development of ServiceNow Workflows, client, and server-side scripting 2+ years of experience with ServiceNow Certified ServiceNow Administrator 2+ years of experience with ServiceNow modules to include but not limited to IT Service Management, HR Service Delivery, IT Financial Management, IT Business Management, Software Asset Management Web service and database experience is a plus Experience in ServiceNow medium to complex implementation is highly desirable Should possess knowledge and experience in ServiceNow & JIRA Integrations and other API Integrations Experience with Atlassian products is highly preferred Industry level certifications (ITILv3 or greater) ServiceNow Certified Application Developer Certified ServiceNow Administrator Experience coding efficient, object-oriented and modularized software Knowledge of JavaScript, JSON, XML, SOAP, REST and associated frameworks (JQuery, Angular JS) Experience with HTML technologies including HTML, CSS and Basic Tags Familiarity with Unix shell and source control systems and tools such as git, maven and ant Development experience in ServiceNow application customization and ServiceNow scripting (using JavaScript, HTML, CSS, XML, SOAP and REST Web services) is a plus ServiceNow Administrator Fundamentals certification is a plus Experience designing and implementing solutions that ensure security, integrity, scalability, and consistency of critical user data Demonstrated experience in Strategic Planning but also able to understand and lead tactical activities of team in transformational initiatives in complex and dynamic environments A unique, supportive, and flexible work environment Challenges related to working in a fast-paced, growing environment Confidence to take risks when we see potential A management team that cares about people Exposure to and experience on an industry leading cloud based project management information system An extensive orientation program Mentorship from within both the PMO and Technical/Business Team Structure at KUBRA An opportunity to learn and gain exposure to advanced payment technologies in a rapidly growing and competitive industry A chance to join the occasional beach volleyball game or board game night 
ScrapedJobID154:
Develop backend systems to support the functionality of games and ensure their integration (engine, gameplay, AI, sound, animation, FX etc.) Collaborate with designers and artists to implement and refine gameplay features Participate in all project phases, from concept to maintenance Ensure timely and high-quality modular software development, including code reviews and testing Independently implement complex components of interactive applications 5+ years of C++ development in the Unreal Engine Good understanding of VR gameplay technologies and interaction Thorough understanding of UE4 architecture and preferred pipelines Ability to write clear, maintainable and optimized code Ability to work on a team, preferably in an agile environment such as Scrum or Kanban Legally authorized to work in Canada and located in Canada VR 3 point avatars Behaviour Trees Experience with mobile Oculus Quest platform Find Learning Design for Wow Work for Teamwork Take Initiative Interact with Transparency 
ScrapedJobID155:
Participate in the full mobile application development life-cycle Develop, test, and deploy user interface, service tier, and data tier components for complex mobile applications Code, debug, test, and maintain applications to meet requirements Contribute to design of new functionality and expand existing functionality for Android applications Communicate with clients and collaborate with project managers, developers, and UI/UX designers May travel to visit clients throughout North America to deliver technical presentations and training Experience with modular projects and Android MVVM architecture is preferred You have excellent written and verbal communications skills and can maintain a high degree of professionalism in all client communications You are proud of your app(s) in the Google Play store or enterprise deployed apps You enjoy keeping up to date on all mobile industry trends and current events Demonstrable knowledge of Android (Java and Kotlin) development Demonstrable knowledge of object oriented programming principles Technical knowledge of SOAP/REST/JSON service integration 1-3 years of app development experience Bachelor's degree in CS, CSE, or CE equivalent experience is preferred Experience writing web services or other server-side components Ability to translate graphical mock-ups to code is preferred A unique, supportive, and flexible work environment Challenges related to working in a fast-paced, growing environment Confidence to take risks when we see potential A management team that cares about people An extensive orientation program A chance to join the occasional beach volleyball game, potluck, or fitness challenge 
ScrapedJobID156:
We value people above all else. We believe that great things are accomplished through teamwork, transparency, and honesty. Nothing is impossible! Innovating solutions for the toughest problem is in our DNA. We believe we are a part of the client's team and they are an important part of ours. We believe in delivering value for money. We believe that we will be successful if we enable success in others. Have an innovative product mindset 3-5 years of front-end/back-end APIs development experience (full stack on ReactJS, CSS, HTML, Typescript, and NodeJS). Good understanding of JavaScript performance specific to browsers (data-loading, layout performance, web workers). Previous experience with at least another JS framework such as Vue or Angular. Previous experience with FE frameworks/libraries such as Tailwind, Material-UI, etc... Previous experience with code generation a plus. Knowledge about Sitecore and other CMSs is a plus. Be a computer science graduate. Be curious and love innovating new things. Be passionate about finding solutions. 3-5 years experience in Javascript, ReactJS, NextJS, HTML, CSS, NodeJS, and Typescript. 
ScrapedJobID157:
Design and develop microservices, large-scale web services, and APIs for an engineering platform - PaaS - Platform-as-a-Service, while using modern software development best practices; Produce clean and efficient code based on a simple development process aimed at reusable, optimal and maintainable solutions that will improve the quality of the platform; Work with the operations team to ensure support of developed applications in all environments; Design and develop the frontend application in micro-frontend architecture for the platform services; Contribute to architecture and design requirements while creating technical documentation with a focus on quality deliverables; Enhance development and build tools and improve items such as CI/CD flows; Write unit and integration tests and participate in code reviews; Identify and troubleshoot system deficiencies and recommend solutions; Keep up to date with new technologies in the fields of online services, game development and the web in general; Work closely with teammates in the design, coding and review of test plans to contribute to the creation of robust software and promote knowledge sharing. Strong background in software engineering and development and knowledge of the NodeJS language; Experience in web development such as REST, gRPC, CI/CD pipeline, GitLab CI, Spinnaker, experience with Terraform, Docker, Ansible, Kubernetes and understanding of object-oriented programming - OOP; Experience in frontend development and experience with React, Preact/Redux, CSS/SCSS as well as knowledge of Design Systems; Experience with Agile development - Scrum and experience working in an Agile and DevOps environment; Ability to make complex information accessible and to communicate easily within distributed teams and excellent communication skills in French and English, both written and oral. 
ScrapedJobID158:
When you get in in the morning, you sync up to the latest code and data, and check your email. Then it's off to your morning scrum, where the team discusses issues that have arisen. You present avenues for AI improvement, and what you will be working on for the day – which is programming AI for non-playable characters' (NPCs) behaviours, navigation, decisional systems and traffic systems, for instance, and fixing AI-related bugs. In collaboration with designers, you ensure that the game's AI systems are coherent and maintain high standards of quality. An undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, or equivalent training or relevant experience Excellent understanding of C++, including refactoring, optimization, debugging and testing Strong experience in profiling and low-level optimizations Significant knowledge and experience with existing and cutting-edge AI technologies (e.g. pathfinding, behavior trees, planning, character controllers) Experience from modern game development and a never-ending curiosity for the games industry and new technology That rare mix of attention to detail and flexibility in your work organization A proficiency to communicate with all disciplines and to support and elevate the team in terms of quality and vision of the game You are creative and thirsty for innovation A hybrid, flexible work model Six weeks of vacation An enhanced parental leave program Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefits Package:
Disability Insurance
Dental Insurance
Extended medical insurance
(Optional) RRSP contribution
Relocation Assistance
Bonus (If Applicable) Disability Insurance Dental Insurance Extended medical insurance (Optional) RRSP contribution Relocation Assistance Bonus (If Applicable) 
ScrapedJobID159:
Implement game functionality as per communicated design Translate design specification into functional game Communicate with other team members to establish effective pipeline and integrate media assets Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable code Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to address and mitigate these problems Help maintain code quality, organization, and automatization Excellent knowledge of Unity, including experience with scripting, textures, animation, GUI styles, and user session management Familiarity with level design and planning Experience with game physics and particle systems Experience with mobile development Experience optimizing memory and space usage for support of older hardware Prior experience with a well-known mobile title are a significant asset Ability to constantly learn and stay in touch with evolving game standards and development technologies Strong understanding of object-oriented programming Familiarity with current design and architectural patterns Knack for writing clean, readable, and easily maintainable code Experience implementing automated testing platforms and unit tests Proficient knowledge of code versioning tools Comprehensive benefits after 3 months including extended health and dental. Paid Vacation + paid Sick days: 18 days(accumulated and based on percentage earning) Active Living Benefits (such as Fitness Memberships, Registration fees for team sports reimbursement) after 3 months Training and development fee reimbursement after 3 months Dependent Child Benefit Paid Holiday Closure RRSP matching after 1 year On-site car and Bike Parking Monthly Transit Allowance after 3 months Work hours: 10 am to 6 pm with 1 hour paid lunch. Dress code: Casual Child Gift Lots of snacks, drinks available Monthly Team lunch Referral Bonus 
ScrapedJobID160:
Identify and research new strategic partnership opportunities across the gaming industry Manage the deal execution process from due diligence, negotiation, all the way through post-launch integration Establish and nurture relationships both within Ubisoft and across our partners to ensure best in class gaming experiences for our players Develop a growth strategy focused both on financial gain and customer satisfaction Continuously monitor market trends and the competitive landscape to help identify new business and gaming opportunities Maintain and share professional knowledge through education, networking, events, and presentations Proven business experience in sales or business development Successful track record of structuring, executing, and developing complex strategic partnerships that create significant value for all stakeholders Be able to balance and execute multiple projects simultaneously Highly organized professional with a strong work ethic Outstanding relationship skills, including the ability to work with international teams Have a strong understanding of the games industry and its products. Your CV, your expertise and/or related experience and skills. 
ScrapedJobID161:
Act as the primary publisher of content for NFL channels including Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, and more. Produce original content series including topics like Marketplace dynamics, major pulls, and basketball milestones that will delight and inform collectors. Advise social engagement loops for the NFL product. Keep the NFL team apprised of market trends in social media. Bring new collectors into our NFL product every day. Collaborate with designers to execute on NFL-caliber assets. Find the most avid football fan collectors on the planet, wherever they live online. Obsessively follow the NFL and capitalize on viral trends in the football world. Can live and breathe social media. Is obsessed with current trends in football fandom. Is an expert with experience in hands-on social media marketing experience. Is a football fan who can live and breathe the sport. Is a professional with a proven track record of building vibrant campaigns. Is a world class communicator who can inspire fans around the world. Is effective at working across stakeholders including: artists, engineers, community managers. Understands the rigors and needs of a small team and startup environment. Gets that managing social media for a vibrant brand with a vocal community is not a 9 to 5 gig. Bonus: Experience with Photoshop and video editing software like Premiere and After Effects. Has at least 5+ years experience managing marketing or growth for a high growth startup, major brand, or game studio. Experience working with large IPs managing social media channels. Strong brand voice skills, ability to become the brand, ability to add value to fans day-to-day life. Deep knowledge and fandom of the NFL and the ability to hold your own in a conversation with the biggest fans on the planet. Strong empathy to understand the fan experience and advocate on their behalf. Strong writing skills, ability to be concise. Ability to quickly analyze data and make decisions based on it. 
ScrapedJobID162:
Design, implement, and maintain AI systems. Build character AI that realizes a particular character design. Build reusable AI behaviours that can be shared between characters. Analyze performance and memory use and effectively optimize. Identify opportunities for improved efficiency and/or ease of use in existing systems. Provide documentation, tutorials, and presentations on how to use the AI systems. Work closely with gameplay content creators to help realize their vision. 5-7+ years of experience in current generation AAA console and PC games. University level degree in computer science or a related field. Strong C++ knowledge. Strong gameplay-relevant math skills (linear algebra, quaternions, splines, geometry, trigonometry, etc.). Strong knowledge of the math, data structures and algorithms commonly used in AI and gameplay systems. Deep experience with AI systems Deep experience building AI characters Experience with companion AI or non-humanoid creatures is an asset Excellent communication skills and comfortable working closely with designers and content developers. Possess a client focused mindset. Flexibility and willingness to jump across multiple systems as required. Experience with multiplayer and/or co-op gameplay development is a plus. Unreal engine experience is a plus. Strong debugging and optimization skills in a multi-threaded environment. Experience developing tools and modules for game development. In-depth understanding of game development process and workflows. A desire to provide the best experience to our content creators and our players. Knowledge of other common AI languages (Python) is desirable. An awareness of software development best practices, particularly for design, coding, and testing. 
ScrapedJobID163:
Degree in Computer Science/Engineering, or equivalent work experience 5+ years of video game industry experience Thorough understanding of 3D rendering techniques and algorithms Strong 3D math skills Experience with a modern graphics API such as DirectX, Vulkan, or Metal Proficiency with C++ Ability to work productively within a team environment Self-drive and organization Passion for technical creativity Experience with console hardware development Experience with GPU profiling and optimization Development of multi-threaded programming and renderers Maya SDK and Mel programming experience Python programming experience C# programming experience Pursuit of the latest research and techniques in computer graphics 
ScrapedJobID164:
Analyze, investigate, and challenge the needs of business teams. Translate business needs into technical-functional specifications and maintain this documentation up to date. Validate specifications with developers and architects. Develop and apply test cases to ensure the proper functioning of product features Perform SQL queries in order to analyze data, perform tests, ensure data quality. Participate in reporting and data visualization activities, in project documentation and knowledge sharing with users and support team Participate in agile meetings: daily stand-ups, sprint schedules, reviews and demos. Work with people from different disciplines with varying degrees of technical experience and adapt to them. Keep up to date with trends and best practices in a team where we encourage curiosity and learning. Ability to translate a business need into functional specifications - rigor and attention to detail. Very good analytical mind in a “Data Warehousing” context and very good command of SQL in the creation of queries and data extraction. Knowledge of a developer mode reporting tool would be a plus. Troubleshooting and problem-solving skills; Good organizational skills, capacity to multitask and manage multiple projects all while ensuring you meet deadlines; Good communication and presentation skills (verbal and written) Bilingual French and English is mandatory; 
ScrapedJobID165:
HTML/CSS, JavaScript, Typescript Angular, Rxjs, Redux/ngrx, Jest NodeJS (NestJS, Restify) Redis/MongoDB/SQL Server for databases Docker/Kubernetes/Gitlab CI for the test and integration pipeline Golang/Java/C# Our tools must also be integrated into several internal APIs. Focus on the implementation of best development practices (ongoing integration, code review, pair programming, etc.) Develop and maintain mainly front-end applications, as well as back-end applications to meet the needs of in-house clients Compile, understand and analyze the product manager’s needs and contribute to the development of new features Validate and verify whether the newly developed systems are in line with project intentions and remain coherent with current code and optimize when required Determine and correct bugs Document the work to transfer knowledge and enable other users (work units) to understand and use the new systems and features Take part in the team’s daily activities Bachelor’s degree in computer science or computer engineer or equivalent training Minimum five years’ experience in web programming Experience in full stack development and extensive knowledge of back-end components (API/REST/caching), front-end development (http, cookies, headers) and JavaScript Interest in devops (deployment, ongoing integration) Ability to understand and account for user needs Resourcefulness, initiative and ability to resolve issues through elegant and innovative solutions Dedication to quality expressed throughout the development cycle (through questions, unit tests, etc.) Strong interpersonal and communication skills Ability to work as part of a team Ability to adapt to change Results focus Docker D3.js GO lang Java / C# Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID166:
Degree in Computer Science/Engineering, or equivalent work experience 5+ years of video game industry experience Thorough understanding of 3D rendering techniques and algorithms Strong 3D math skills Experience with a modern graphics API such as DirectX, Vulkan, or Metal Proficiency with C++ Ability to work productively within a team environment Self-drive and organization Passion for technical creativity Experience with console hardware development Experience with GPU profiling and optimization Development of multi-threaded programming and renderers Maya SDK and Mel programming experience Python programming experience C# programming experience Pursuit of the latest research and techniques in computer graphics 
ScrapedJobID167:
Analyze, investigate, and challenge the needs of business teams. Translate business needs into technical-functional specifications and maintain this documentation up to date. Validate specifications with developers and architects. Develop and apply test cases to ensure the proper functioning of product features Perform SQL queries in order to analyze data, perform tests, ensure data quality. Participate in reporting and data visualization activities, in project documentation and knowledge sharing with users and support team Participate in agile meetings: daily stand-ups, sprint schedules, reviews and demos. Work with people from different disciplines with varying degrees of technical experience and adapt to them. Keep up to date with trends and best practices in a team where we encourage curiosity and learning. Ability to translate a business need into functional specifications - rigor and attention to detail. Very good analytical mind in a “Data Warehousing” context and very good command of SQL in the creation of queries and data extraction. Knowledge of a developer mode reporting tool would be a plus. Troubleshooting and problem-solving skills; Good organizational skills, capacity to multitask and manage multiple projects all while ensuring you meet deadlines; Good communication and presentation skills (verbal and written) Bilingual French and English is mandatory; 
ScrapedJobID168:
HTML/CSS, JavaScript, Typescript Angular, Rxjs, Redux/ngrx, Jest NodeJS (NestJS, Restify) Redis/MongoDB/SQL Server for databases Docker/Kubernetes/Gitlab CI for the test and integration pipeline Golang/Java/C# Our tools must also be integrated into several internal APIs. Focus on the implementation of best development practices (ongoing integration, code review, pair programming, etc.) Develop and maintain mainly front-end applications, as well as back-end applications to meet the needs of in-house clients Compile, understand and analyze the product manager’s needs and contribute to the development of new features Validate and verify whether the newly developed systems are in line with project intentions and remain coherent with current code and optimize when required Determine and correct bugs Document the work to transfer knowledge and enable other users (work units) to understand and use the new systems and features Take part in the team’s daily activities Bachelor’s degree in computer science or computer engineer or equivalent training Minimum five years’ experience in web programming Experience in full stack development and extensive knowledge of back-end components (API/REST/caching), front-end development (http, cookies, headers) and JavaScript Interest in devops (deployment, ongoing integration) Ability to understand and account for user needs Resourcefulness, initiative and ability to resolve issues through elegant and innovative solutions Dedication to quality expressed throughout the development cycle (through questions, unit tests, etc.) Strong interpersonal and communication skills Ability to work as part of a team Ability to adapt to change Results focus Docker D3.js GO lang Java / C# Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID169:
Experience in software programming (in the video game industry, a plus) or other relevant experience Proficiency in C# (WPF) and C++ A collaborative spirit + solid interpersonal and communication skills Autonomy, curiosity, and resourcefulness that motivate you to go talk to people A degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent Analysis and synthesis abilities + attention to detail Flexibility in the organization of your work, allowing you to adapt to changes Your CV, highlighting your background and skills 
ScrapedJobID170:
Android Flash Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Program special effects software for film and video applications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications XML XSL Visual Basic Visual C++ / MFC MySQL Java JSP HTML Fortran Delphi COM / COM+ / DCOM / MTS / ActiveX COBOL C C++ APL XML Technology (XSL,XSD,DTD) Basic .NET Informatica Microsoft Dynamics AX (x++) Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) Model-View-Controller (MVC) OpenGL PowerBuilder Shell script Computer Printer Internet access Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Tight deadlines MS Windows Internet Database software Networking software Networking security Servers Security software Communication software Programming software Software development MS Office Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID171:
The position is permanent, full-time. We're open to developers with several years of practical team experience which should include leadership roles. Variety of work is appreciated. The Voices team is located in London, Ontario Canada, but you could be elsewhere in Canada. You will help design technical solutions for business problems presented by our Product Team. You will work on the Voices web application UI, backend controls, APIs & app logic, special architecture projects, and everything in between. PHP and vanilla JS (and sometimes Node.js) are our primary languages. Familiarity with modern PHP & JS is a bonus. You should be able to plan and lead team sprints and projects through estimation and cooperative research. You will have the opportunity to develop new features and find ways to improve the product. Sometimes these features will span multiple teams for an all-hands approach. You will also handle internal support conversations, investigate trouble tickets, and contribute to occasional infrastructure projects. You should also be comfortable with helping expand the knowledge of your colleagues and help them develop highly functional, efficient, and readable code. Guiding technical solution planning for sprints and small projects. Designing work packages for your team that match up business and technical requirements. Creating task tickets (Jira) to reliably deliver quality products. Ensuring that your team meets compliance rules for security and accessibility. Building customer-facing and internal user interfaces with CSS from LESS/SASS, HTML & JS. Creating and extending an MVC application using PHP frameworks (CodeIgniter, Laravel) and occasional scripts. Other technologies also play a role. Applying your knowledge of accessibility standards (AODA, WCAG) and site security (OWASP) to improve life for our users. Testing your work for performance and bottleneck improvements. Building or extending our internal APIs and 3rd-party integrations (Salesforce, S3, SQS, and other AWS services). Working with multiple Git branches, writing and reviewing Pull Requests (BitBucket), and pushing production-level code regularly and on a schedule. Oversee the preparation of the test and release plan for your work by creating DB migration scripts and collaborating with the testing team. Helping to maintain our internal component library & design system, and contribute to build scripts (Gulp, Webpack, Babel). Building new product pages and functionality for our website and documenting projects (Confluence). Writing and updating technical documentation and requirements. Reviewing and triaging support conversations. Fixing bugs and following up with our Product and Support teams. Collaborating via Slack, Figma, and regular video or in-person chats. You want to ship regularly. Your passion is to build end-to-end software. You always want to improve and learn. You understand the importance of quality code. Your code is documented, understandable and predictable. Tests are written with confidence. You’re comfortable with a varied stack. You have production-level experience with JavaScript, PHP, React, build & migration scripts, and even asynchronous queues. You can explain your thinking. You are able to communicate your ideas or issues well. Your goal is to build for everyone. You are skilled in developing front-ends from scratch to create valid, reusable, performant, and accessible pages at all screen sizes. You are self-motivated and can work independently. You take the initiative to make sure that you have everything you need and will call for support when required. You love learning. You thrive on solving problems, learning new tricks, bridging the gaps between new and old, and want to keep getting even better. You love sharing. Helping your team based on your experience is time well spent. You have 3+ years experience in database-driven web site development. You have been able to lead a team to a positive, shared goal. You earned a BS or MS in Computer Science, Diploma in Web Development or have the equivalent work experience. Development Manager Technical Project Managers Product Managers Product Designers UX Researchers Product & Marketing Developers Infrastructure Developers Analytics & Data Science Team Quality Assurance Team Voices had all of our colleagues working from home with their laptops, monitor, accessories includes their ergonomic chairs by Monday March 16th, 2020 We hold virtual huddle every Monday and bi-weekly virtual Town Halls We care about the mental health of our colleagues through our EFAP program and human connection through our optional virtual social events such as meditation, stretching, games, happy hours, etc. 
ScrapedJobID172:
Contribute with updates to existing products, including bug fixes and enhancements to the functionality. Create functional and design specifications. Write code that conforms to the specifications. Create and execute tests required to ensure the quality of the code. Develop and evaluate User Stories based on client functional requirements. Contribute ideas and suggestions to continuously improve our products and processes. Support internal & external clients with advanced support issues, when required. Degree in computer science or the equivalent. Excellent mastery of HTML, CSS, REACT, Javascript. Good mastery of Microsoft .NET development tools and C# for web applications (MVC) Knowledge at various levels of SQL and Entity Framework. Asset: Mobile development experience (iOS & Android). Bilingual in English and French (written and spoken). At least 2-3 years’ experience in software development. Be versatile, quality driven, self-reliant but also able to work well in a team. Montreal downtown, close to Guy-Concordia station Full range of benefits. Employer contribution to public transportation reimbursement. Complimentary health-snacks and weekly lunches. Dining room with games. Dynamic and stimulating international work environment. 
ScrapedJobID173:
A highly competitive extended health and dental plans for you and your family A yearly RRSP contribution on company’s behalf, plus employee contribution matching program to help you grow your financial well-being An annual performance bonus Paid time off to volunteer and give back to the community, on your own or as a part of a group with your co-workers Free convenient parking, or choose the green transportation option and be paid for it Social Committee events almost every month, from potlucks, game nights and LAN parties to camping and skiing Substantially discounted membership to a local gym in the Selkirk area Awards and recognition for service and accomplishments Assistance with tuition or skills training relevant to your role …and most importantly, a genuinely great culture fostered by the senior management team and sustained by fantastic people! Design, estimate, review, test, debug, and document code. Support and guide our Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) processes Collaborate in Scrum meetings and help drive team activities Support and mentor others in their work efforts and outcomes Address software architectural considerations Monitor, assess, and address technical debt Address customer support and technical support issues, when needed Guide good coding practices and rules and identify items for improvement Engage in the desired feature goals and outcome 3+ years developing C# applications Proficient in C# Experienced in JavaScript, HTML, and CSS Knowledge of Vue, SOLID, and/or defensive programming a plus Familiar with Git, TFS, Visual Studio Enterprise class web applications Automated unit/functional testing Agile software development Strong communication skills Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field 
ScrapedJobID174:
Engage with fellow developers through active participation in code reviews, design Dedication to an iterative development process driven by the goal to continuously Develop clean, maintainable, and documented solutions Collaborate with backend engineering teams through traces, metrics, and Deploy applications regularly adhering to studio standards and best practices Participate in requirements gathering to inform design and development Participate in user observation studies to be regularly evaluating how users work and Follow standard UX design methodologies throughout the development process Proficiency in modern web application features,design goals, and architecture (i.e. Web Expertise with modern frameworks, standards, technologies used in front end web Experience with micro-services architecture Strong communication, collaboration, and problem solving skills Experience working closely with UX design teams and backend development teams Experience with testing frameworks (i.e. Cypress) Production experience in computer animation, visual effects, or game industry A portfolio of user interface samples that demonstrates skill and passion Experience with Node.js, Express, and building JS modules using technologies such as NPM We are a company built on positive relationships and collaboration, and you will have the opportunity to build strong business relationships while acting as a specialist in Product Management. You will manage multiple business relationships and collaborate with people from both corporate and field. This is an opportunity to work independently, in a fast-paced environment, and lead projects. 
ScrapedJobID175:

ScrapedJobID176:
Utiliser les pratiques d’ingénierie Agile et divers logiciels et technologies de développement de jeux video et de simulation pour développer rapidement des solutions créatives et efficaces qui améliorent l’expérience des clients et des employés. Collaborer avec les autres membres de l’équipe pour créer des scénarios d’utilisateurs et des tests de conception clairs pour les prototypes et les produits, et afin d’offrir continuellement des améliorations de produits. Supporte les efforts d’architecture et de veille technologique Être un agent de changement et un promoteur de la mentalité agile, axé sur les résultats Se garder à l’affût des nouvelles tendances et apporter des idées d’innovation Diplôme universitaire en informatique ou en génie logiciel Connaissance d’au moins 2 moteurs graphiques : Unreal, Unity et Omniverse. Omniverse est un plus Connaissance de Cesium et ArcGIS un atout Connaissance de javascript et Angular/React un atout Passion pour le développement et une aptitude pour l'apprentissage continu Connaissance de l'intégration continue, de la livraison continue et du développement piloté par les tests Capacité démontrée à travailler et à prendre des décisions sans supervision Capacité à s'adapter rapidement aux évolutions technologiques et à évoluer dans un environnement de R & D de pointe Compétence en matière de planification et d’organisation Travail significatif qui favorise le perfectionnement professionnel Possibilité de travailler dans l’industrie technologique et de s’y épanouir Environnement de travail axé sur la collaboration+ Faire partie d’une équipe à haut rendement Avantages sociaux : entièrement flexibles pour que vous puissiez choisir ce qui est important Retraite : Régime de retraite à prestations déterminées et régime enregistré d’épargne-retraite (REER) collectif Avantages financiers : Régime d’actionnariat et nombreux rabais d’entreprise Programmes personnels et familiaux : Plan de bien-être physique et prestations de maternité complémentaires Équilibre travail-vie personnelle : Horaires flexibles, travail remote et « vendredis californiens » toute l’année Plaisir au travail : Activités sociales et communautaires tout au long de l’année! Use Agile engineering practices and various software and web development technologies to rapidly develop creative and efficient solutions that enhance the client customer and employee experience. Collaborate with other team members to craft clear user stories, design tests for prototypes and products, and continuously deliver product enhancements. Lead and support architecture efforts Be a result oriented, change agent & Agile mindset promoter,
Contribute to the collaborative and stimulating work environment Contribute to the collaborative and stimulating work environment Be connected to the industry to know tendencies and suggest innovative ideas University degree in Software science or Software engineering Knowledge of at least 2 game engines: Unreal, Unity and Omniverse. Omniverse is a plus Knowledge of Cesium and ArcGIS is a plus Knowledge of javascript and Angular/React is a plus Bilingualism prefered (French and English) Experience with unit testing and automated functional testing Passion for development and a demonstrated interest for continual learning Knowledge of continuous integration, continuous delivery and test-driven development Demonstrated ability to work and make decisions unsupervised Ability to adapt quickly to changes in technology and to operate in an R&D environment Result-oriented, strong planning and organizational skill Benefits: fully flexible for you to choose what is important Retirement: Defined Benefits Retirement Plan & Group Registered Retirement Savings Plan (RRSP) Financial Perks: Employee Stock Purchase Plan & numerous corporate discounts Personal and Family Programs: Physical Wellness Plan & Supplementary Maternity Plan Work-Life Balance: Flextime, remote work & California Fridays all year Fun at work: social and community events all-year round! 
ScrapedJobID177:
Build front-end services supporting Paytm’s Limit Enforcement Service. Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade system whenever applicable Adopt problem-solving as a way of life - always go to the root cause! Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field 5+ years of strong, demonstrable experience with Scala or Java 5+ years of strong, demonstrable experience with strongly consistent systems Solid foundation in designing and implementing large scale systems Deep understanding in concurrency, distributed computing, large scale system, messaging, and algorithm Flexibility to WFH For the third year in a row, we are proud to announce that we have been certified as a Great Place to Work We were also certified as one of the Best Workplaces for Mental Wellness in 2020 We are an open work environment that fosters collaboration, ownership, creativity, and urgency We ensure flexible hours outside of our core working hours Enrolment in the Group Health Benefits plan right from day 1, no waiting period Team building events Fuel for the day: Weekly delivery of groceries, and all types of snacks Catered lunches and desserts on a monthly basis Daily fun in the office with our competitive games of Ping Pong, Pool, Smash Bros competitions, or FIFA And of course, an unlimited amount of freshly made coffee and tea! We’re pretty serious about our coffee beans Online learning through the platform, UDEMY 
ScrapedJobID178:
Share our values Enjoy having honest conversations, about real things, as real people Believe that creating great experiences is totally within their control Build positive relationships and an understanding of what people’s needs are See solutions and possibilities (not problems!) Are simply outstanding at what they do Collaborates with the RPA Lead Developer and the Manger, IT Development to deliver the RPA roadmap. Translates business requirements to technical specifications. Contributes to the design, build and maintenance RPA solutions, Scripts, Applications, and Automated Workflows. Handle advisor issues and ensure they are resolved in a professional and timely manner. Contributes to the design, build and maintenance of Bots. Works collaboratively with operational and technical teams to deliver projects by assigned deadlines. Implements measures to analyze the performance of automated solutions. Conducts unit testing and troubleshooting and remedy defects. Evaluates and improve existing automation systems. Collaborates with teams to integrate systems. Develops and updates technical documentation. Analyzes, revises, and documents work procedures and processes; suggest methods to increase efficiency and accuracy. Supports the implementation of the established annual business plan for the department. Remains current on best practices, legislations, regulations, policies and procedures. Establishes collaborative working relationships with staff in the department and external networks within area of specialization. Other administrative duties as assigned 1+ years experience in RPA development. BSc/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field. (Preferred) Development experience in Automation Platforms (like UiPath), APIs (e.g. RESTful JSON), Scripting (JavaScript, VB, C), and data schemas. Familiarity with Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence concepts. An equivalent combination of education and experience may also be considered. Excellent time management and organizational skills Self-directed, motivated, and flexible working independently, collaboratively, as well as in fast-paced environments Detail-oriented and analytical Excellent oral and written communication skills Strong interpersonal and customer service skills Excellent computer skills; able to pick up new and existing programs related to the job quickly. Excellent customer service orientation. Excellent critical thinking and analytical skills. Excellent organizational and multi-tasking skills. Excellent attention to detail. Ability to understand a business process from a Process Definition Document (PDD) and to conceptualize it as an automated solution. Bonus pay On call RPA Development: 1 year (preferred) UiPath Certification (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID179:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science 3+ years professional experience in CMS and/or web development with languages and environments such as JAVA or AEM Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to work virtually (with Slack and Zoom) Ability to strongly voice your opinions, while still actively hearing others Foresight to find and fix issues before anyone ever notices something is wrong. Canadian Citizenship or authorization to work within Canada The ability to work in the USA and willingness to travel globally (after Covid - we're all grounded for now) Passion for what you do Work as part of the team to consult with clients, build relationships, discuss requirements, and lend your expertise Develop innovative solutions in a collaborative team environment - delivering not only what’s asked for, but going beyond to what they didn’t realize they needed. Implement your solutions, get into the nitty gritty alongside your team Work with new and existing websites to build reusable and modular web pages / features Develop and replicate design patterns Work independently on internal projects or for one off clients Perform accessibility testing along with cross-browser and device testing A sense of humour No fear of dogs (semi-mandatory) Board games you don’t mind occasionally sharing with the team A resume that tells a story - show us don't tell us why you're awesome Willingness to pitch in and wear different hats occasionally (figuratively, and maybe literally) An understanding of what being a consultant means Office dogs Flexible hours and generous time off Annual bonuses and raises based on performance Work in a small team, but work on enterprise grade projects Full health benefits from day 1 RRSP Matching Program Travel opportunities A variety of comfortable working spaces Exciting social events Hilarious co-workers Excellent office-supplied coffee, drinks, snacks, and espresso 
ScrapedJobID180:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of experience in software development, and with data structures/algorithms. 5 years of experience testing and launching software products, and 3 years of experience with software design and architecture. Experience with software architecture. Master’s degree or PhD in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related technical field. 3 years of experience in a technical leadership role leading project teams and setting technical direction. 3 years of experience working in a complex, matrixed organization involving cross-functional, and/or cross-business projects. Experience with full stack and/or front-end software engineering. Define and grow the backend infrastructure that ensures developers can easily build high quality games on Stadia and other streaming platforms. Identify and build tools, libraries, services, and platforms. Work with other Stadia teams on impactful projects to make developers productive on Stadia and other streaming platforms. Be a technical mentor, thought leader, and a pioneer of best practices. Architect, design, and oversee implementation including code reviews, and provide technical decisions and insights for the infrastructure and tooling, while setting milestones and priorities for a team of developers. 
ScrapedJobID181:
A bachelor’s degree in Computer science or Software engineering A minimum of 8 years’ experience in game programming A minimum of 3 years’ experience managing a team of game programmers Proficient in C++ and other programming languages commonly used in game production Participation in at least one full game production or equivalent as a programming team lead Impeccable strategic leadership and communication skills Remain calm when facing challenging situations (you know a solution is always at hand.) A deep understanding of video game production with the ease to see the perspectives of other game production disciplines Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID182:
Leading multiple development features to achieve real world objectives Designing and coding fast, secure, and scalable applications Designing and developing web applications and web services using ASP.NET, C#, Web Forms, MVC, WCF, and Microsoft SQL Using cloud computing services and approaches with AWS Research, develop, and implement the latest technologies with AWS Coding and scripting using a wide variety of open source technologies and tools 4+ years of software development experience A degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field Architecting Object Oriented systems in multiple languages (C#) ASP.NET Web Forms, MVC, WCF and Microsoft SQL Proficient in modern testing and debugging Developing Relational databases (Microsoft SQL) and other non-structured data sources Experience with Transact-SQL and Microsoft SQL Server including Query Analyzer, Enterprise Manager or including SQL Server Management Studio Agile & Scrum project management techniques Analytical skills for performance measurement and data driven decisions Source Control, Automated Build, and Continuous integration Maintainable & Testable Code; Progressive Release Minimum Viable Product Development Knowledge of AWS Services including: EC2, VPC, S3, Lambda, API Gateway Cloud-native concepts and techniques User-centric design and usability We strive for Simple, Clean and Testable code We love cloud computing (AWS& Azure) and service architecture You support your team and raise everyone’s game You support what you build You are brave and take action 
ScrapedJobID183:
Collaborating on requirements specification in the form of user stories Designing, implementing and testing technical solutions that meet the requirements Developing well-structured, maintainable code for web, mobile, desktop applications and APIs Pairing with other developers on feature development, code reviews and bug fixing Collaborating with the team on evaluation and implementation of frameworks and tools to help with development and quality Working with the team to continuously improve process and behaviours through regular reflection and adaptation A minimum of 3 years in software development, showing continuous growth Strong knowledge of developing large, integrated systems with many external dependencies, web services and APIs (REST) Working knowledge of software design patterns Intermediate/Advanced experience using PHP Intermediate experience using TypeScript Experienced in root-cause analysis across distributed systems Experience mentoring a co-op or junior developer, and/or pair-programming Working knowledge of Cloud Infrastructure such as Amazon Web Services (AWS) Working knowledge of Linux, Git Working knowledge of file systems and the AWS CLI Remote working arrangements; work from anywhere in the world If you want an office to visit, we have an amazing Downtown Vancouver location, 2 mins from Yaletown Skytrain Amazing office amenities equipped with snacks, drinks, games (Nintendo switch, VR, ping pong table), and an on-site gym We have excellent extended health and dental benefits for yourself and your family You may contribute to a Retirement Savings Plan, with employer matching contributions We are family friendly and offer flexibility We’re champions of diversity and welcome beans of all shapes, sizes and backgrounds We have regular team get-togethers, parties, and believe in celebrating our wins and having fun 
ScrapedJobID184:
Design, implement, debug, and iterate on new and existing player centric gameplay systems. You will focus on character locomotion, camera, controls and combat together with game designers Keep them coherent with existing code Investigate and solve problems independently Drive initiatives related to creating and improving systems and be responsible for the performance of systems Develop gameplay tools for content teams Understand existing functions, and suggest and develop improvements Collaborate with designers and animators on environments Resolve gameplay bugs Document your work An undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, or equivalent training or relevant experience Excellent understanding of C++, including refactoring, optimization, debugging and testing Strong experience in profiling and low-level optimizations Experience in gameplay, AI, and design (main character, cameras, NPCs, environment, behaviours) Experience from modern game development and a never-ending curiosity for the games industry and new technology Proficiency to communicate with all disciplines and to support and elevate the team in terms of quality and vision of the game You are creative and thirsty for innovation A hybrid, flexible work model Six weeks of vacation An enhanced parental leave program Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefits Package:
Disability Insurance
Dental Insurance
Extended medical insurance
(Optional) RRSP contribution
Relocation Assistance
Bonus (If Applicable) Disability Insurance Dental Insurance Extended medical insurance (Optional) RRSP contribution Relocation Assistance Bonus (If Applicable) 
ScrapedJobID185:
Build an IT roadmap with business partners and under the supervision of the IT Director; Create an environment built on trust, open communication, creative thinking, and team efforts; Define & Manage governance to ensure effective communication with internal clients by having regular meetings/steering committee, facilitating prioritization of activities; Communicate effectively and build a strong relationship with internal clients to understand their reality and constraints, identify needs, provide visibility and strategic counsel, and evaluate alternative business solutions; Manage a team composed of architects, developers, tech experts, and product managers; Encourage creativity, calculated risk-taking, and constant evolution and improvement; Manage project portfolio roadmap and assess risks based on stakeholders’ strategy and the team’s capabilities; Maintain planning and budget forecasts and communicate with other Managers to ensure appropriate staffing on projects; Supervise deliverable completeness and quality on projects. Strong project management and medium sized IT team experience with good knowledge of PMI and/or Scrum methodologies; Excellent interpersonal skills, displaying effective communication and presentation capabilities; Working knowledge of developer frameworks and languages as well as the Dev/Ops framework; and CI/CD pipelines; Working knowledge of an OKR based objectives framework; Working knowledge of Jira and Confluence; Knowledge of ITIL practices. 
ScrapedJobID186:
Work with peers to write proven and quality code Maintain existing systems, improving performance, testability, and stability Create new interesting features for our applications Participate in peer-reviews of solution designs and related code Help our users via online forums and (occasionally) in-person meetings C# and/or C++ programming skills A passion for games, for 3D interactive experiences and simulations, or for augmented and virtual reality Programming experience in at least one relevant programming language (past internship, academic or personal project, research project) Intellectual curiosity with the ability to learn and distill new information quickly Strong communication and interpersonal skills, both in person and via digital means with the ability to work in a team environment A passion for games, for 3D interactive experiences and simulations, or for augmented and virtual reality Experience with the Unity platform or other 3D game engines and experience deploying software to production for real users Experience with softwares like Maya, Houdini, 3D max, Nuke, Revit, Autocad (or any CAD software); standard VFX file formats such as Alembic and USD ; and production renderers such as VRay, Arnold, and RenderMan. Interest in shaders or 3D math Experience with deploying software to production for real users Duration: 15 or 16 weeks depending on your academic calendar. Start date May 2 or May 9 2022. Mentorship: You'll be working simultaneously with a manager and a mentor to help you develop your skills throughout your internship. Impact: Our interns are working right alongside full time team members on projects that have a lasting impact on our product and services. Networking & Development: Learning activities, networking opportunities, and social events take place throughout the summer to enrich your internship experience. Current students pursuing a relevant degree or higher, returning to their degree program for at least one semester, and graduating in December 2022 or in the year 2023. Collaborer avec ses pairs pour rédiger un code éprouvé et de qualité Maintenir les systèmes existants, améliorer le rendement, la testabilité et la stabilité Créer de nouvelles fonctionnalités pour nos applications Participer aux examens par les pairs de la conception des solutions et du code connexe Aider nos utilisateurs via des forums en ligne et (occasionnellement) des réunions en personne Compétences en programmation C# et/ou C++ Une passion pour les jeux, pour les expériences interactives 3D et les simulations, ou pour la réalité augmentée et virtuelle Expérience de programmation dans au moins un langage de programmation pertinent (stage passé, projet académique ou personnel, projet de recherche) Une curiosité intellectuelle avec la capacité d'apprendre et de synthétiser rapidement de nouvelles informations Excellentes qualités communicationnelles et relationnelles, en personne et virtuellement, et capacité à travailler en équipe Une expérience avec la plateforme Unity ou d'autres moteurs de jeu 3D Une expérience du déploiement de logiciels en production pour les utilisateurs réels Une expérience des logiciels tels que Maya, Houdini, 3D max, Nuke, Revit, Autocad (ou tout autre logiciel de CAO), des formats de fichiers VFX standard tels qu'Alembic et USD et des restituteurs de production tels que VRay, Arnold et RenderMan. Interêt dans les shaders ou en mathématiques 3D Experience en déploymment de logiciels en production pour de vrais utilisateurs Durée : 15 ou 16 semaines, selon votre calendrier scolaire Mentorat : Vous travaillerez simultanément avec un gestionnaire et un mentor pour vous aider à développer vos compétences tout au long de votre stage. Impact : Nos stagiaires travaillent aux côtés de membres d'équipe à temps plein sur des projets qui ont un impact durable sur nos produits et services. Réseautage et perfectionnement : Des activités d'apprentissage, des occasions de réseautage et des activités sociales ont lieu tout au long de l'été pour enrichir votre expérience de stage. Étudiant.e inscrit.e dans une programme universitaire pertinent, retournant aux études pendant au moins un semestre, et qui terminera ses études soit en décembre 2022 ou en 2023 
ScrapedJobID187:
Partner closely with clients and product owners to define and understand product requirements and success metrics Build and maintain new products/features for new or existing mobile applications Uphold software engineering best practices across engineering team, through peer code-reviews, pair programming, and collaboration Provide technical expertise to entire software development lifecycle, including discovery, effort estimation, design, development, and launch of iOS applications Effectively identify, diagnose, and repair performance bottlenecks and bugs 3 or more years native mobile development experience iOS development experience including conceptualization, design, development, debugging, and deployment Strong knowledge of native iOS development using Xcode, Swift, and Objective C A track record of publishing iOS apps to the Apple App Store is preferred Experience building applications that consume RESTful APIsStrong problem solving abilities Generous Vacation Policy including an additional paid Holiday week at the end of the calendar year Extended Health Benefits including life, medical, vision and dental; virtual consultations and family assistance program; Parental leave policy Lots of opportunities for learning & development Quarterly staff events and bi-weekly team socials When in office: Dog friendly workplace, snacks, games, quiet spaces, and lots of coffee! 
ScrapedJobID188:
Designing, building, and maintaining our data warehousing and processing infrastructure Designing, building, and maintaining our interactive model development infrastructure Working with in-house vehicle simulation game-engine developers on core product functionality Contributing to the growth and success of Inverted AI in any way required Thinking creatively and critically A love for and knowledge of driving, machine learning, and artificial intelligence Strong experience in Python, PyTorch, Tensorflow and/or other ML languages and frameworks Strong experience with SLURM, MPI, and other cluster-management systems Strong experience with Amazon and/or Google cloud ML pipeline infrastructure Evidence of sustained professional software development practice, etc. Experience in backend server and data-warehousing design and implementation a plus Ability to collaborate with diverse team members including machine learning researchers MS+ in Computer Science desired; BS plus relevant experience possible Highly driven and extremely motivated to learn and work well within a small team environment Highly collaborative, very fast-paced, not-boring work environment with access to world-class machine learning talent. Salary between $60,000-$90,000, relative to skills and experience; equity compensation available for highly qualified candidates Stock options Python: 5 years (preferred) PyTorch: 3 years (preferred) Singularity / Docker: 1 year (preferred) Slurm / PBS / Torque: 2 years (preferred) Unix / Linux: 5 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID189:
You will be designing and developing various solutions for our customers and your average day will vary but will likely include: Working with our team and customers Application and infrastructure design from concept through development and implementation Interfacing with the Project Manager/Scrum Master/Product Owner & other developers on the team Ensuring that the code you’ve written functions as designed by creating automated unit and integration tests, which execute in our continuous delivery pipeline BS in Computer Science (or equivalent work experience) 3+ years of strong design and development skills Experience in programming with Java, Spring framework and Microservices with demonstrated ability to pick up new programming languages a big plus Experienced in developing frontends using web technologies such as HTML 5, Javascript, CSS, React.js& UI frameworks Design experience of SQL and NoSQL database Skilled in building scalable RESTful and SOAP web services Experience working within an Agile team Hands on knowledge of source control (GIT) Familiarity with Devops, build automation (Jenkis), and CI/CD (Docker) usage consider an asset Demonstrate ability for attention to detail and passion for high quality software Demonstrate ability to work with cross functional stakeholders such as designers, product owners & customers to gather requirements and turn that into working code Love being part of a strong team and can actively provide and receive feedback in code reviews, design reviews and other technical discussions Have good understanding of Agile practices and experience working in Scrum/Kanban teams Have strong verbal and written communication skills Generous Vacation Policy including an additional paid Holiday week at the end of the calendar year Extended Health Benefits including life, medical, vision and dental; virtual consultations and family assistance program Lots of opportunities for learning & development Quarterly staff events and bi-weekly team socials When in office: Dog friendly workplace, snacks, games, quiet spaces, and lots of coffee! 
ScrapedJobID190:
Guide the direction of our technology stack to improve performance, scalability and maintainability Investigate and fix performance issues throughout our systems which include our Services and dependencies Contribute to open source software to improve our external dependencies Flesh out and iterate on requirements in collaboration with the product team Get involved in and participate actively to the Scrum ceremonies You will be working with experienced, passionate software developers as part of the Report & Insights group within a broader engineering organization with a strong technical culture. You will put your skills to good use and have the chance to learn or gain more knowledge of other programming languages. You enjoy building things. You value craftsmanship in software. You enjoy reading code, and you're probably in the habit of reading the source for your dependencies. You love collaborating with and mentoring others. You have hands-on experience with: React.js, Typescript and Javascript An eye for detail and interest in UI/UX Have a solid foundation in software engineering and web development An interest to mentor and grow the team through various channels (code review, talks, discussions, etc.) along with a passion for our mission (developing people), and can’t wait to have a positive impact on our team and our customers Continuous improvement is important! You look to enhance our development processes and methodologies while actively trying to pay back technical debt and extending their functionality You are no stranger to test automation, in fact you are reluctant to call something Code Complete unless it has decent test coverage Prioritization, organization and time management are key! Given a complex 3-month long body of work, you would be able to break that down into work units, estimate accurately, plan the work and execute it precisely within the expectations you’ve set with your team Experience managing code + pipelines and Docker are going to be a huge help You are passionate about what you do, you are a motivated self-starter and always learning and developing Strong English communication skills are required; French is an asset Experience with Ruby on Rails, Java, Scala, Spark, Airflow Interest/experience with functional programming 100% Company-paid comprehensive health & dental coverage, access to a virtual care platform (wellness, medical & nutrition), employee assistance program and Personal & Healthcare spending account with Sun Life Competitive compensation package, including performance incentive bonus plan based on company, team and personal objectives Generous vacation days with additional flex days Group RRSP Matching Program up to 5% Monthly virtual social committee-lead activities (games night, happy hour, health challenges, etc.) Virtual company get togethers (demo days, Town Halls, and more!) & yoga once per week Open source days for software developers Employee Referral Program Perkopolis website with great rebates, coupons and promotions Amazing discounts through Samsung Employee Discounts website 
ScrapedJobID191:
Design and develop micro-services, large-scale web services and APIs for PaaS; Produce clean, efficient code based on a straightforward development process aiming at reusable, optimal, maintainable solutions as per best practices and modern architecture; Work alongside teammates to contribute to architecture requirements and design all while creating technical documentation with an emphasis on quality driven deliverables; Work alongside operations team to ensure the support of developed applications in all environments - Identifing and troubleshooting system deficiencies and recommending solutions; Enhance build and development tooling and improve things like CI/CD pipelines, as well as code reviews and testing; Stay up to date on new technologies in the online services, Open-Source communities and general technology while foster knowledge-sharing. Solid experience developing large-scale software based on engineering/development best practices; Experience working with APIS REST, gRPC, etc. using integrating and developing them; Experience in Agile Development / SCRUM with distributed teams – this team is an international team; Experience working with DevOps philosophy, having worked with CI/CD pipeline with gitlab CI, Spinnaker or similar; Experience with Terraform, Docker, Ansible, Kubernetes; 
ScrapedJobID192:
Providing support to cross-functional teams across the organization to understand overall business goals, improve reporting, and assist with larger scale projects as needed Finding answers to business questions via hands-on exploration of data sets using SQL, dashboards, statistical analysis, and data visualizations Generating and maintaining a suite of dashboards and reports for teams throughout the organization Creating and managing multiple A/B tests to gain valuable insights on KPIs including retention, acquisition, and monetization Measuring the success of product features after release and optimize their performance through rapid, data-driven iteration Aiding in task prioritization and general project management within the data team 4+ years of industry data analysis experience, with solid knowledge of statistical methods Bachelor’s Degree Expert SQL skills and experience querying very large data sets Proven ability to thrive using multiple mixed, varied, and inconsistent data sources Fundamental knowledge of project management methodologies Regular communication with stakeholders from other departments and drive actionable items for continuous improvement Experience with Google BigQuery, Tableau, JIRA and/or other project management software Experience working for a social or mobile game developer Understanding of game design concepts and principles MBA or Master’s Degree 
ScrapedJobID193:
Working deeper with the JavaScript and Rails ecosystems Working with modern browser technologies and paradigms Building performant, secure and accessible web applications Building innovative products and features integrated with existing systems Maintaining large and continuously evolving web apps Translating complex business requirements into maintainable code A minimum of 5 years of experience building single-page applications in React (Typescript a plus) with a GraphQL or RESTful APIs Solid experience building, testing and maintaining client-facing products Experience working in a team environment Ability to participate in the design, implementation, and testing of the web application Participate in code reviews and spread your knowledge to the team Capacity to accept constructive code review and challenge your beliefs when presented with relevant evidence Outstanding problem-solving skills and can-do attitude Capacity and willingness to work in an agile multi-team environment Excellent communication skills and fluent in English and French is a nice to have Interest in mentoring, guiding and teaching junior developers; previous experience as a lead with direct reports, an asset 100% Company-paid comprehensive health & dental coverage, access to a virtual care platform (wellness, medical & nutrition), employee assistance program and Personal & Healthcare spending account with Sun Life Competitive compensation package, including performance incentive bonus plan based on company, team and personal objectives Generous vacation days with additional flex days Group RRSP Matching Program up to 5% Monthly virtual social committee-lead activities (games night, happy hour, health challenges, etc.) Virtual company get togethers (demo days, Town Halls, and more!) & yoga once per week Open source days for software developers Employee Referral Program Perkopolis website with great rebates, coupons and promotions Amazing discounts through Samsung Employee Discounts website 
ScrapedJobID194:
Architect and develop maintainable interfaces and applications that are used by millions of end-users. Modernize frontend systems to enable rapid UI development and iteration. Push technology forward, challenge established thinking and discover new ways of solving problems. Support client implementations by implementing UI's and system integrations. Assist with scoping and estimating work for business development teams. 3+ years of hands-on experience using:
JavaScript and TypeScript
Modern JavaScript frameworks—such as Angular, React, Vue.js, jQuery
HTTP/RESTful APIs
JavaScript unit tests (Jest, Mocha, Jasmine, Karma)
HTML5/CSS
Chrome/Firefox developer tools to debug issues and solutions
Source control (Git) JavaScript and TypeScript Modern JavaScript frameworks—such as Angular, React, Vue.js, jQuery HTTP/RESTful APIs JavaScript unit tests (Jest, Mocha, Jasmine, Karma) HTML5/CSS Chrome/Firefox developer tools to debug issues and solutions Source control (Git) Experience with any of these is an advantage:
Node.js and npm
Popular UI libraries such as Bootstrap to build semantic and responsive web pages
Web accessibility
Docker containers Node.js and npm Popular UI libraries such as Bootstrap to build semantic and responsive web pages Web accessibility Docker containers 
ScrapedJobID195:
You are curious, you love learning, sharing ideas, and tackling problems. You have a natural inclination for shipping and iterating at high velocity. You can step back and appreciate the value of recognizing a mistake. You care. About ideas, solving hard problems, and about our team’s success. You have a strong comprehension of the SaaS development lifecycle. You are passionate about strong architecture. You are obsessive about the quality of your work (and the work of your teammates). You have autonomy in your ability to manage and prioritize your tasks, with an innate ability to shift gears when required. You are a sponge when it comes to learning, and excel even when outside your comfort zone. You have strong software design skills and are open to receive feedback and iterate collaboratively over your designs. Achieve a deep understanding of the problems we’re tackling, our business model, and our product. Develop software solutions by studying information needs; conferring with stakeholders; studying systems flow, data usage, and work processes; investigating problem areas; following the software development lifecycle. Familiarize yourself with our technology architecture - Currently, microservices on a modern C# / .NET async/await stack, REST APIs, Javascript/TypeScript, MySQL, Elasticsearch, SASS, much ado about caching, AWS, and even some leftover PHP (which is on the way out) Continuously ship new features for our applications, helping with the bridge between the backend and frontend, stopping by middleware along the way ;) Determine operational feasibility by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development, and proposed solutions. Document and demonstrate solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments, and clear code. Improve operations by conducting analysis and recommending changes in processes. Stay up-to-date with state-of-the-art development tools, programming techniques, and computing equipment. Participate in educational opportunities, reading professional publications, and maintaining personal networks to stay on the leading edge of development practices. Protect operations by keeping information confidential and provide a secure coding methodology. Support and mentor software engineers by providing advice, coaching, and educational opportunities. Follow and improve company coding standards, and coach junior and mid-level engineers to follow them. Collaborate with the team to brainstorm and create new products and features and provide ETAs. Make informed decisions quickly and take ownership of services and applications at scale. Experience with AWS application services. Experience working with microservices architecture. Experience working in a continuous delivery environment. Team experience. You are fanatical about user experience. Experience in IT. Top benefits package including 100% extended health and dental. Games at lunch are a tradition. All required work from home equipment will be provided. 80% coverage for transit subsidy (for those interested in returning to the office) Annual training and professional development coverage to help advance your career. Spotify premium account with actual recording studio-grade headphones. 
ScrapedJobID196:
Bring our marketing vision and assets to life through code Work closely with the entire marketing team to help generate awareness and leads Contribute to the ideation, UX, IA and design of the work Take ownership of coding our marketing materials, from our website to our blog and beyond Help identify opportunities for improvement in the way our marketing materials are coded, hosted and deployed Master the Knak codeless campaign creation platform You have 5+ years of experience as a web developer You’re an absolute expert in HTML, CSS, and Javascript You’re also skilled in other programming languages (eg. PHP/Ruby/Java) You’re adept with code versioning tools, such as Git / Mercurial / SVN WordPress skills are a plus You have a passion for development and are always looking to up your game You are self-motivated and can produce and deliver at a high pace You have expert knowledge of programming fundamentals You’re a strong communicator and can actively participate in our planning discussions You have a strong desire to help people, whether it be clients, stakeholders or colleagues 
ScrapedJobID197:
2 years of experience developing on the platform Experience and interest with Kotlin, androidx, Jetpack, Koin, MVVM, LiveData, Room, Retrofit, Passion for product quality and attention to details Autonomy and efficiency are mandatory Understanding of mobile devices performance issues Experience with GIT (working in collaboration) Experience with custom views, animations Experience submitting and releasing applications to GooglePlay 
ScrapedJobID198:
Design, develop, test, document, and deploy high-quality business solutions on the Salesforce platform based on industry best practices and business needs. Lead technical discussions with clients, clearly articulate options, benefits, and recommendations. Manage the process of implementing improvements and new functionality in the Salesforce application. Deliver support and solutions for break/fix issues. Support development of existing technical resources by acting as SME and consultant. Communicate and collaborate with technical resources and stakeholders regarding status, technical issues, and creative solutions. Perform ongoing Salesforce administration (create accounts/profiles, defining fields, updating layouts, reports, dashboards, etc.). Support Salesforce.com configuration tasks such as field/page updates and work-flows. Build relationships with Business Partners. 5+ years’ experience with end-to-end enterprise projects. 5+ years’ experience on the Salesforce.com platform with advanced knowledge of sales, service, and community clouds. Expert-level knowledge and experience implementing Apex design patterns, Aura Framework, and Lightning Web Components (LWC). Experience developing complex real-time integrations using Salesforce REST, SOAP, and Platform Events. Familiarity with advanced programming concepts and system architecture. Understanding of security tools, TLS, SSL. Knowledge of data integration tools and experience integrating Salesforce with different business systems (ETL, Middleware, CPQ, marketing automation, reporting, etc.). Strong understanding of environment management, release management, code versioning best practices, and deployment methodologies. Four or more full cycle Service Cloud implementations. Certified Salesforce Administrator. Certified Salesforce Developer. Professional Development budget and days Interest-free tech-enablement loans A Career Mentor to support your growth and development RRSP/401K matches Bonus programs Wellness program 
ScrapedJobID199:
Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site parking RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday How many years experience do you have with C#? How many years experience do you have designing and implementing reliable, scalable software? Yes 
ScrapedJobID200:
real-time visibility on how Ubisoft titles are played; and an understanding of the habits and preferences of the people playing them. Coordinate, assess, and prioritize automation testing needs + contribute to overall product strategy. Create and document test strategies and development procedures throughout the software development life cycle. Validate checklists and scenarios (test plans, scripts, smoke tests, sanity tests, and health-checks) developed by the testing team. Research QA tools that fit with the test strategy design + collaborate with interdependent teams to develop them. Define the validation flow for various quality dimensions (features, performance, reliability, etc.). Follow up on test execution, collecting test metrics and suggesting process improvements. Identify and maintain test environments based on project requirements. Define development metrics + evaluate the impact of process changes (DevOps principles). Quality assurance and software development experience Experience with JavaScript/TypeScript or Python or Java programmation Knowledge of:
QA and testing methodologiestesting and source control toolssoftware development principles, web applications/services, databases and networkingautomation frameworks (e.g. Selenium) QA and testing methodologies testing and source control tools software development principles, web applications/services, databases and networking automation frameworks (e.g. Selenium) The ability to create clear documentation and reports A collaborative spirit + proactivity and resourcefulness Solid interpersonal and communication skills Your CV, highlighting your experience, education, and skills 
ScrapedJobID201:

ScrapedJobID202:
Results matter, not the clock We value outcome over output Code and technology are what we use to solve problems Be customer focused – partner closely with your customers (developer) to enable her to ship the best code possible Use your experience to help the whole team get better Market rate salary based on experience Participation in annual bonus plan Competitve RRSP Matching 20 Paid Days off + 11 stat holidays The occasional spontaneous Nerf War Prior experience with large-scale software development environment Familiarity with technologies we use (Gradle, Jenkins, Java, Docker, Ansible, Oracle, *nix command line) 3+ years CI experience, Jenkins preferred – managing and building on the system, not just using it 5+ years Java experience Groovy experience preferred Python experience preferred Docker experience preferred Oracle experience preferred A BS in CS is appreciated but not necessary with the right background 
ScrapedJobID203:
Work under the direction of the Training Curriculum Manager and assigned SMEs to develop an instructor-led, role-based, course curriculum for the targeted personas. Design, develop, and maintain course materials across various products and delivery channels including virtual instructor-led and self-paced learning. Work closely with Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) in Product Management, Customer Success, Professional Services, and Product Support to ensure training is aligned with business needs. Enable Product Training team to teach new and existing training courses. Create validation activities to measure learning attainment of course objectives. Facilitate courses occasionally Bachelor's Degree in Technical Communications, English, Education, Computer Science, Instructional Design or equivalent field. A Master's Degree in Instructional Design or a related field is desirable. 3+ years experience designing, developing, and maintaining software training programs Excellent analytical and writing skills with a demonstrated aptitude for creating instructional content for both a technical audience and a business user audience. Ability to quickly learn industry terminology, processes, and systems Proven ability to work effectively with subject matter experts and stakeholders Flexible, collaborative, team-oriented individual who shows initiative and holds themselves accountable. Excellent leadership, communication, and project management skills Background in Life Sciences and/or Veeva products Background in the SaaS domain Graphic design skills Conveniently located in downtown Toronto Snacks, beverages, and weekly lunches from local restaurants Team events and rec league sports teams Allocations for continuous learning & development Health & wellness programs Weekly yoga classes Ping pong and other games 
ScrapedJobID204:
Have a huge passion for building VR learning experiences. 10+ years of programming games. 5+ years of development in Unity; a Unity generalist is preferred. 1+ shipped game title with at lease 1,000 unit sales (ideally on consoles) Expert-level understanding of Unity 3D physics. VR experience is preferred. Experience collaborating and interfacing with Technical Artists & Technical Designers is preferred. Knowledge of the Unity Job System and Burst Compiler is preferred. Pragmatic and intelligent. Iron clad integrity and excellence. Team player and experience in mentoring others is preferred. Developing new crane simulations as a part of the award-winning ITI VR Crane Simulations Library (https://www.iti.com/vr-crane-simulations). Developing new industrial learning experiences for VR and WebGL use cases (https://www.iti.com/vr/) that make our customers learning paths legendary. Learn more about learning paths at https://learn.iti.com. 
ScrapedJobID205:
Own the Data Model and ensure clean database design (Oracle). Own the Data Layer, helping our development teams to design and implement database related solutions based on business requirements Implement large queries that are used as a source for business analysis or publishing in Looker Performance tuning of complex queries and stored objects Appraise and peer review code upon request Reports generation and delivery 6 + years Database and SQL Developer experience Excellent knowledge about SQL/PL-SQL (PostgreSQL and Oracle preferred) Highly desirable is experience in the development of database archiving solutions Good knowledge about non-SQL programming language (Python preferred) Good knowledge in the development lifecycle from Design through to Support Ability to demonstrate use of best coding practices Critical thinking skills, decisive judgment, and the ability to work autonomously Experience with automation solutions, partitioning and working with large tables is desirable Familiarity with Agile working practices is a bonus Experience with Atlassian products (JIRA, Confluence) is bonus A sense of pride, ownership, and a passion for technology Ability to work effectively in cooperation with teams across multiple continents and time zones 
ScrapedJobID206:
Travailler en collaboration avec nos équipes de produits et de développement pour développer des logiciels attrayants, agréables et modulaires qui seront utilisés par les équipes de développement de jeux. Participer en tant que membre de l'équipe de développement Scrum et prendre en charge les tâches de l'équipe si nécessaire. Collaborer avec une équipe multidisciplinaire pour trouver les meilleures solutions en utilisant une grande variété de technologies, de systèmes et de services. Participer à la révision et à l'optimisation des processus et des bases de code. Trouver et mettre en œuvre des solutions en tenant compte des exigences telles que : Assistance et maintenance à long terme. Extensibilité et évolutivité. Normes et meilleures pratiques de l'industrie. Utilisation multiplateforme mobile (Android et iOS). Capable de prendre des décisions et de se les approprier. Participer à la révision et à l'optimisation des processus de développement et des bases de code. Vaste expérience de travail avec Unity dans un environnement Agile, avec les Product Owners, les parties prenantes et les développeurs. Expérience en développement de jeux ou d'applications mobiles pour Android et iOS. Expérience en développement de logiciels à l'aide de plusieurs langages de développement tels que C#, Java, Kotlin, Objective-C et Typescript. Une passion pour l'approche d'équipe pour la résolution de problèmes et volonté de d’apporter des solutions réalisables dans des délais rapides. Expérience en réalisation de prestation d'expériences de qualité qui répondent ou dépassent les attentes des clients. Excellent sens de l'organisation, rigueur, autonomie et pragmatisme. Une solide éthique de travail et une capacité à s'approprier les tâches et responsabilités de manière proactive dans un environnement innovant et en évolution rapide. Maturité et attitude professionnelle, à l'aise avec l'amélioration continue. Solides connaissances en : Conception moderne et pratiques architecturales. Stratégies d'intégration continue et de déploiement continu. Concepts de qualité tels que les tests unitaires, les tests de régression et TDD. Interfaces modernes, bibliothèques et meilleures pratiques de développement. Une bonne compréhension du fonctionnement des API REST et de leur utilisation. Passion pour les jeux mobiles et une vision de l'industrie du jeu mobile et du F2P. Expérience de travail avec : Divers outils de développement tels que Perforce, GIT, Visual Studio, Eclipse. JIRA ou un autre outil de gestion du backlog. Environnement et outils Linux. Outils d'automatisation des tests mobiles comme AWS Device Farm et Appium. Work collaboratively with our product and development teams to develop engaging, delightful, and modular software to be used by game development teams. Participate as a member of the Scrum development team and own team tasks when needed. Collaborate with a multi-disciplinary team to find the best solutions using a wide variety of technologies, systems, and services. Participate in reviewing and optimizing processes and codebases. Find and implement solutions having in mind requirements such as: Support and long-term maintenance Extensibility and scalability Industry standards and best practices Cross mobile platform usability (Android and iOS) Able to take decisions and own them. Participate in reviewing and optimizing development processes and codebases. Extensive experience working with Unity in an Agile environment, working with product owners, stakeholders, and developers. Experience developing mobile games or applications for Android and iOS. Experience developing software using multiple development languages such as C#, Java, Kotlin, Objective-C and Typescript. . A passion for team first approach to problem solving and delivering workable solutions within quick turnaround times. Record of accomplishment of delivering quality experiences that meet or exceed customer expectations. Excellent organization skills, being meticulous, self-managing, and pragmatic. A strong work ethic and ability to proactively take ownership in an innovative and fast-paced environment. Maturity and a professional attitude, comfortable with continuous improvement. Strong knowledge in: Modern design and architectural practices Continuous integration and continuous deployment strategies Quality concepts such as unit testing, regression testing, and TDD Modern interfaces, libraries, and development best practices A good understanding of how REST APIs work and how to consume them Passion for mobile games and a vision of the mobile game industry and F2P. Experience working with: Various development tools such as Perforce, GIT, Visual Studio, Eclipse JIRA or another backlog management tool Linux environment and tools Mobile testing automation tools like AWS Device Farm and Appium. 
ScrapedJobID207:
Experience with DevOps and CI/CD related technologies Experience with C#, Python, and command-line scripting SCM experience with Git solutions, Bitbucket, GitHub, or GitLab Experience with test automation frameworks like NUnit, Pytest, and Selenium WebDriver Experience with building test frameworks or infrastructure 
ScrapedJobID208:
Analyzing user requirements with Business Process Owners. Implementing and maintaining software documentation throughout its life cycle. Creating technical specifications and test plans. Testing and validating new programs and fault finding. Evaluating and performing risk analysis of the software and systems. Create, update and maintain reports as required. Integrating existing software products and getting incompatible platforms to work together. Writing and testing code and then refining and rewriting as necessary. Writing operational documentation with technical authors. Maintaining systems by troubleshooting, monitoring and correcting software/system defects. Working closely with other staff, such as project managers, other developers, Business Process owners, systems analysts, sales and marketing professionals, etc. Investigating new technologies and leveraging existing technologies to improve business functions Continually updating technical knowledge and skills by attending in-house and external courses, reading manuals and accessing new applications. Comply with the Health & Safety policies of the company and inform Management of unsafe working conditions. Minimum Bachelor’s Degree in a related technical field such as Computer Science or Software Engineering, or equivalent work experience. 2-3 years of professional work experience with Power BI (Tableau experience an asset). 2-3 years of professional work experience in a development role using languages such as C#, python, Java, etc. 2-3 years of professional work experience with databases (Oracle, MySQL,MongoDB etc). Experience with front end development is an asset (CSS, HTML5, JavaScript). Experience in Validated Enterprise Software and required documentation for testing preferred. Knowledge of cGMP, 21 CFR Part 11, EU GMP Annex 11 and software implementation in regulated environments preferred. Smart commute options including complimentary shuttle from Kipling Station, and subsidized transit program. Flexible working hours that complement core business hours. One day off for volunteering, to give back to a charitable organization of your choice. Purposeful work that drives career development, with opportunities to learn and grow by way of on-site training, workshops, and lunch and learn sessions. Comprehensive total rewards package, including tuition reimbursement and lifestyle and health spending account. Well-being initiatives, including onsite gym facility and fitness classes (yoga and boot camp). Employee-friendly work environment, with opportunity to participate in employee-led clubs, organized sports teams, video games, foosball, ping pong, etc. 
ScrapedJobID209:
You will start your day following scrum rituals where you’ll provide and request updates from your squad in order to identify blockers, align with the sprint goal and move on in an agile matter. You take a look at the custom-built AWS health dashboard to make sure nothing is off and you dig a bit into the logs within Datadog, then you create a JIRA ticket as needed. Time to open up your IDE and add an enhancement to our existing platform: a form within our platform needs to have additional fields. You expand both the JS code, the CSS, and the PHP linked to it. Then, time to jump into the new stuff and become one of the masterminds behind a microservice -powered architecture. You are planning a micro-frontend and thinking about how to publish a library which will provide re-usable components to the tribe. After lunch, you make time to review pull requests and provide valuable feedback to your squad team members. Time to talk about “Clean Code”, SOLID principles, Test-Driven-development (TDD) and analyze if the technical solution will scale. Every now and then, you’ll join a meeting and talk about user-centric features planned by the Product team and collaborate with them in terms of usability, feasibility, planning and implementation. Lastly, you take some time at the end of the day to prepare for the upcoming tribe meeting where you want to showcase a new library that comes in handy to minify the code before we push this to our CDN. It helps to have a strong background in PHP and JavaScript and some frameworks and libraries related to these (ideally, Laravel, jQuery and Vue.js) but any other programming background is welcomed as long as you have experience in backend and frontend. You believe in the value of tests, be it unit, integration, acceptance or other, and you constantly deliver these alongside high quality and S.O.L.I.D code when needed. You can build end to end features without external support, and you are able to think about the functionality, security and scalability of your solution. You have some knowledge of AWS services, but mostly, you understand the importance of monitoring and how it fits into your code. You are aware of the strong points for microservices, event-driven and serverless architectures, as well as its pain points. You value and seek individual contributions and independence, but understand team deliverables have a larger and stronger impact. You are perfectly comfortable with a “you build it, you own it” mindset. And you understand your responsibilities continue after you push code to production. If you believe you are missing any of the above items, we strongly encourage you to apply as we seek talented individuals that don’t necessarily fit a mold, but rather help us achieve our engineering and company goals. Work alongside super talented and friendly people that like to drive innovation Competitive salary & vacation packages Access to 24/7 on demand online healthcare service Generous referral program Year-round events, from massive to casual and everything in between Beautiful office right near Namur metro 
ScrapedJobID210:
Greet all people coming to the facility pleasantly and with courtesy – maintaining the appropriate physical distancing (2 meters / 6 feet) . Ensure they are queued and waiting in the appropriate area, maintaining physical distancing. Ensure athletes intending to play hockey games are equipped with appropriate PPE ( face shields , face masks Advise people of the requirements. Deny entry to those who cannot comply. Prescreen customers/athletes by following a scripted questionnaire before they are authorized to enter the facili ty . Deny entry to those who do not meet the minimum standard as outlined in the questionnaire. Ensure each customer is aware of our COVID 19 Safety protocols and have them read the sign that outlines the procedures they must follow prior to entering the building. Apply hand sanitizer to everyone intending to enter the facility Provid e visitors with directions , to follow signage and our Health & Safety Ambassador will take them to their dressing rooms . Assist with any special requests. Provide optimal level of customer service and maintain professionalism to resolve customer inquiries or issues. Provide directions to sources of information (brochures, information boards, and / or managers). Provide frontlinecommunication with customers and escalate complex issues to manager, ensure a safe working area for all colleagues and customers. With disinfectant , will wipe down common touch points identified as people enter & leave the facility on a regular basis , and to help with players benches, etc . Adhere to all control procedures and security policies. 
ScrapedJobID211:
Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Vision care flexibility to work remotely over the course of time. Dental care Extended health care Vision care 8 hour shift english (Required) 
ScrapedJobID212:
2+ years development with high-level languages (eg. C#, PHP, Java, JS, etc) 2+ years experience in Unity Game development experience (with one game released with live ops) Strong understanding of OO and modern software design principles A strong desire to build something that people really want Back-end/server development experience You have created applications serving thousands of people at a time Experience shipping social or mobile applications (iOS, Android, Facebook, etc), Experience with game optimization techniques Database experience Experience with AWS Working knowledge or experience with Unix/Linux Continuous integration and automated testing experience 2021 Best Workplace™ in British Columbia 2020 Best Workplaces™ in Canada – Less than 100 employees 2020 Best Workplaces™ for Inclusion 2020 Best Workplaces™ for Mental Wellness 2020 Best Workplaces™ in British Columbia 2019 Great Place to Work - British Columbia 2019 VIATEC Employer of the Year - Finalist 2018 VIATEC Company of the Year (11-49 Employees) - Winner 2018 VIATEC Employer of the Year - Finalist 2017 VIATEC Company of the Year (11-49 employees) - Finalist 2014 VIATEC Employer of the Year - Winner A results-driven company with a compassionate culture Health, dental and vision benefits Uncapped profit share program Opportunity to work on game projects that are enjoyed by millions of players worldwide! Ability to make a difference. Have an idea? Talk directly with leadership about it instead of running through layers of bureaucracy 
ScrapedJobID213:
First/Second line IT support for company internal users and contractors Accounts management Inventory and assets management Consult users and perform simple trainings. Arrange and create documentation of internal processes, systems, user guides and manuals. Installing, configuring and troubleshooting user laptops, workstations, printers, mobile devices and other office IT equipment Configuring, administering and updating Windows, MAC, Linux operating systems on user devices. Performing other duties, as asked by the manager, which are related to this position and IT infrastructure Replacing colleagues or direct manager during their vacations, sick leaves and other absences. Replacement takes place during working time, and it is not considered as additional work. Constant development and improvements of local IT infrastructure. Secondary (higher, special etc.) education. Good written and spoken English. Fundamental IT skills – hardware, OS, applications, networking, security. Experience in supporting user IT device hardware and software. Experience using and managing workstations in heterogeneous environment, remote management services, filesharing, collaboration, e-mail and directory services. Fundamental knowledge of procedures and security principles. Certifications on IT systems administration/support preferred Enterprise employment experience preferred Competitive Salary Paid Time Off Paid Holidays Employee Referral Program Medical, Dental & Vision Insurance Plans Life and AD&D Insurance Employee Discount Program 
ScrapedJobID214:
Fluent in C++. Multiple years experience in the industry. Self-driven with experience shipping multiple products. Programmers at Klei work on a huge variety of roles. From gameplay to optimization to tools, we work with each member of the team to find the best place for them, and encourage everyone to grow over time. You will be regularly interfacing with other programmers, designers and artists to create and support our original games. 
ScrapedJobID215:
Coordinate, project manage and organize production to deliver large-scale digital projects and production for AAA titles launch, promotions, merchandise and other activation. Support internal partners with briefs, QA, feedback and delivery of assets, links and copy. Contribute to the development of new marketing tools and special projects such as Landing pages,
Gamification,
Video programs,
Influencer programs,
Personalized campaigns. Landing pages, Gamification, Video programs, Influencer programs, Personalized campaigns. Collaborate with cross-functional partners and channel owners to: include the Ubisoft Store within the channel strategies,
provide the most visibility for the Store’s campaigns,
make sure channel teams have all the assets, copy and material to execute,
communicate the Store plans and campaigns with XF teams. include the Ubisoft Store within the channel strategies, provide the most visibility for the Store’s campaigns, make sure channel teams have all the assets, copy and material to execute, communicate the Store plans and campaigns with XF teams. Work with agencies for special projects and various mandates. Experience in Marketing, strategy and branding. Proven experience in project management. Excellent communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills. Strong positive team values: respect, responsibility, organization, accompaniment, fun and continuous learning. A demonstrated ability to coordinate projects and work cross-functionally as a team to complete ongoing tasks and projects. Bilingualism (French/English). Ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. Your CV, your expertise and/or related experience and skills. 
ScrapedJobID216:
1 permanent contract with full-time availability requirements from Monday – Friday On-call position with full-time availabilities from Monday-Friday Proofreading and identifying and other Korean language errors Ensuring console manufacturer guidelines are on point Writing reports of all the errors/bugs you found to help improve the game Get your voice heard by providing feedback on the game Make sure the game runs smooth by hunting for missing / wrong content Performing ad hoc translations Native level fluency in Korean Strong cultural understanding of Korea Computer literacy – particularly with Excel Excellent attention to detail Previous experience with using different software and applications Basic verbal French communication is an asset Get paid with a competitive salary and paid training Love the job? There's potential convert into a permanent position and/or growth opportunities You'll get access to our Employee Assistance Program for you and your immediate family Fun, diverse, inclusive and collaborative work environment with regular team-bonding - And there's free snacks! 1 contrat permanent avec des exigences de disponibilité à temps plein du lundi au vendredi Contrats sur appel avec des exigences de disponibilité à temps plein du lundi au vendredi Relecture et indentification des erreurs de langue de langage en coréen Vérifier que le jeu adhère aux lignes directives des fabricants des consoles Écrire des rapports d’erreurs/de bugs que vous trouvez pour aider à améliorer le jeu Dire des des suggestions d’amélioration Assurez-vous que le jeu déroule bien en recherchant des contenus manquants/incorrects Effectuer des courtes traductions occasionnelle Maîtrise parfaite du coréen – langue maternelle Parfaite connaissance de la culture coréenne Compétences informatique – particulièrement avec Excel Excellente attention aux détails Salaire compétitif, formation rémunérée Potentiel d’ouvertures permanentes à temps plein avec opportunités de croissance Programme d'aide aux employés pour vous et votre famille immédiate (conjoint, enfants, parents, frères et sœurs) Environnement de travail amusant, diversifié, inclusif et collaboratif avec des liens d'équipe régulier - Et il y a des collations gratuites! 
ScrapedJobID217:
In-depth knowledge of .NET Framework/Core and C# Experience with relational databases such as MS SQL and Postgresql Experience with JavaScript and HTML5 Experience in working directly with clients and users Familiarity with broadcast production workflows Familiarity with content acquisition and processing in a broadcast media environment Understanding of broadcast content file formats and specifications Openness/willingness to learning new technologies and methods of writing code The ability to manage several projects simultaneously Experience working with video systems Experience with or interest in Clojure/Clojurescript Experience with React.js Experience with or interest in non-relational databases Experience with code repositories and CI/CD pipelines 
ScrapedJobID218:
Use our iOS & Android native mobile products to setup new or existing client apps Configure mobile apps as per client specifications using our Web platform & mobile integrations Build apps for distribution on Apple Store / Play Store as per our clients needs Closely work with mobile developers, QA, Design, Project Managers Hands on development in iOS Objective C/ Swift using XCode Hands on development in Android Java/Kotlin using Android Studio Hands on development using Git, Bitbucket, Charles Proxy, Carthage, Postman Work with a Kanban/Scrum Agile team using JIRA workflows Debug and troubleshoot issues found by QA Keeping all feature documentation up to date Follow best practices for software development in iOS / Android Continually training, learning software development with guidance from Seniors & courses online Configure Push notifications, Beacons, Maps, Analytics Management of our application's SQLite databases Provide client support in the form of tools training, onsite (travel temporarily suspended) or on call Support Project Managers on troubleshooting technical client calls Bsc. in Comp. Sci or equivalent Have experience using SQL databases and data manipulation Demonstrable ability to multitask, prioritize and meet hard deadlines Doesn’t compromise on quality Ability to enjoy the fast-paced environment where events happen Superb attention to detail Self-motivated & taking ownership of things Has “can-do” attitude & an awesome team player Great observation, thinking big & documentation mindset Loves travelling or supporting our clients via on-call Phenomenal interpersonal skills and written/verbal communication skills Have a focus on continual learning of new technologies 
ScrapedJobID219:
Procedural Graph Visual Scripting Unity Package Manager, Distribution and Licensing Core Third Parties Unity Developer Generalist and more! Duration: 15 or 16 weeks depending on your academic calendar Mentorship: You'll be working simultaneously with a manager and a mentor to help you develop your skills throughout your internship. Impact: Our interns are working right alongside full time team members on projects that have a lasting impact on our product and services. Networking & Development: Learning activities, networking opportunities, and social events take place throughout the summer to enrich your internship experience. Current students pursuing a relevant degree, returning to their degree program for at least one semester, and graduating in December 2022 or in the year 2023. Enrolled at a University in the country of work, or a student who is a Canadian citizen or permanent resident in Canada. Programming experience in at least one relevant programming language (past internship, academic or personal project, research project). Strong communication and interpersonal skills, both in person and via digital means with the ability to work in a team environment A passion for games, for 3D interactive experiences and simulations, for augmented and virtual reality Any experience with Unity or other 3D game engines - even if it was only a weekend project! Experience with deploying software to production for real users Procedural Graph Visual Scripting Unity Package Manager, Distribution and Licensing Core Third Parties Développement Unity (demos) et plus! Durée : 15 ou 16 semaines, selon votre calendrier scolaire Mentorat : Vous travaillerez simultanément avec un gestionnaire et un mentor pour vous aider à développer vos compétences tout au long de votre stage. Impact : Nos stagiaires travaillent aux côtés de membres d'équipe à temps plein sur des projets qui ont un impact durable sur nos produits et services. Réseautage et perfectionnement : Des activités d'apprentissage, des occasions de réseautage et des activités sociales ont lieu tout au long de l'été pour enrichir votre expérience de stage. Étudiant.e inscrit.e dans une programme pertinent, retournant à son programme d'études pendant au moins un semestre, et qui terminera ses études soit en décembre 2022 ou en 2023. Être inscrit.e dans une université du pays de travail, ou être un.e étudiant.e qui a sa citoyenneté ou sa résidence permantent du Canada. Expérience en programmation pertinente en regard du poste (stage antérieur, projet académique ou personnel, projet de recherche). Excellentes qualités communicationnelles et relationnelles, en personne et virtuellement, et capacité à travailler en équipe. Une passion pour les jeux vidéo, les expériences et simulations 3D interactives, la réalité virtuelle ou augmentée Expérience d'utilisation de Unity ou d'autres moteurs de jeu 3D - même si ce n'était qu'un projet de week-end! Expérience en déploiement de logiciels en production pour des utilisateurs réels 
ScrapedJobID220:
Designing, building, delivering and operating high-quality (reliable and intuitive to use) software systems, collaboratively with your cross functional team Building relationships and communicating effectively with other parts of the company (Product Management, Equity Research, Marketing and Sales) Participating in demos for the Engineering team, Product Management and the company at large Guiding and coaching less experienced developers in their approach to debugging, design and application of various software development paradigms Have strong foundation in computing science fundamentals, such as algorithmic complexity, asynchronicity and distributed computing Experience in shipping pragmatic and high quality solutions with a sense of urgency Believe in and strive for uneventful and predictable code releases, and expect that they happen many times each day, supported by robust Continuous Integration and Delivery pipelines and extensive test coverage Have a strong sense of ownership Have a sense of humor and strong collaboration skills Have a background in financial modeling, financial technology, or capital markets Have experience building native Windows applications and Excel or Office Add-ins Have worked on internal software projects, and enjoy amplifying the efforts of other parts of the company Have experience working with agile methodology and frameworks like Scrum, Kanban, XP Regularly scheduled learning opportunities (software related reading groups, and market recaps from senior analysts) Social events (online games nights, and virtual walking chats - ever heard of Rambly.app?) to keep things interesting. Demo presentations inside Engineering, and some that the rest of the company enjoys too (show off stuff you’ve built or learn about businesses that analysts have researched) for you to learn from and practice new skills, and a day put aside every month to work on something that inspires you. Annual continuing education budget to support every member of our team with what they need to be successful. 
ScrapedJobID221:
a performance-focused culture right across the business, a work-hard, play-hard environment, new learning and development opportunities, diverse and global opportunities, a social and inclusive culture, a competitive salary package, competitive benefits. Guide the project team towards the successful implementation of the project. This includes understanding, defining, sizing, implementing, and testing required features of the game and ensuring the project is available for continuous product review. Ensure code quality by using best practice Encourage and contribute to a culture of continuous improvement of process, game design, technology, coding practices, and testing Mentor less experienced team members in aspects of backend development and coding practices Have regular one-to-one conversations with team members Facilitate knowledge share amongst developers and across the broader global studio network Identify and escalate team impediments as needed Collaborate well in a distributed, cross-functional team environment, interacting with QA engineers, project managers, product owners, and other departments Support and resolve any issues and incidents related to our games within the specified SLA Perform security tests to validate game integrity and compliance A degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience 4+ years of experience in a game or software development role Experience coding with at least one object-oriented programming language (such as Java, C#, Python, etc) Good understanding of unit testing and integration testing Understanding of basic database operations Previous leadership experience is an asset Experience in a distributed agile team is an asset Interest in math / casino games would be a terrific asset Knowledge of design patterns, data structure and algorithmic solutions Excellent benefits, the world's nicest teammates as well as a modern and exciting workplace The opportunity to interact with global teams on a regular basis and the possibility to switch teams and projects as you and our business continues to develop and grow Tangible and genuine development - at SG Digital, you can take your career where you want it to go! Exposure to real work, business-critical projects and the chance to develop some of the world’s leading e-commerce sportsbooks whilst working on exciting client projects and interact with lots of code! 
ScrapedJobID222:
Developing, writing and publishing engaging content for all social media channels and support key beats from Marketing, Live Operations, and Product Development while ensuring that the tone of voice and brand standards are followed Develop acquisition campaigns leveraging content creators, influencers and agency partners in parallel with larger franchise activations. Collaborate with stakeholders to make creative content that will drive followers to engage, react, and share (including contests and sweepstakes, video developer diaries, blog posts, holiday and special events, etc.) Managing social media channels to ensure theming is updated regularly and content is posted at optimal and strategic times Staying on top of new social media channels and trends to maintain best practices across all channels and make recommendations for any new opportunities Collaborating regularly with Product Marketing, Community, Customer Service, Product Development and Live Operations to ensure communications are accurate and supporting key initiatives Working closely with the Product Marketing team to plan and create assets to support social media strategy Creating new opportunities to engage in activities with our fans that promote conversion and recurring payments, and most importantly, help to increase retention and product loyalty Assisting with writing/editing various copy for Marketing initiatives (ie: ad copy, blog posts, etc) Bachelor’s degree and/or 1-2 years of experience managing social media channels Proven track record of creative copywriting and communication skills Ability to form strong relationships with multiple departments and stakeholders Versed in social networking and channel trends Ability to communicate and coordinate across multiple locations and departments Exceptional team player Ability to manage change and ambiguity in a rapidly changing environment Comfortable speaking in front of a camera for recorded video or live streaming 
ScrapedJobID223:
Be part of the story development and planning process; Validate implemented features match requirements; Create test plans that safeguard the quality and reliability of our products. With expertise in automation frameworks and testing, you will play a pivotal role in helping us improve the efficiency of our development efforts. Work with Product Managers, Software Developers, and other team members to understand and determine test requirements. Design, document, and implement test strategies to ensure broad functional test coverage. Support all test activities including developing, enhancing, and executing automated and manual test scripts and identifying and reporting software discrepancies and defects. Recommend when to utilize manual testing and when to utilize automation. Implement QA test frameworks and create test cases. Ensure test cases are articulated effectively to enable swift execution by other members of the QA team. Certificate or degree in Computing Science, Computer Engineering, Information Technology, or in a related field. Previous experience in software development and testing and experience delivering web, mobile, or other software applications. Previous experience writing and executing test plans is ideal. Deep knowledge and experience using different testing methods including regression testing, automated testing, smoke testing, exploratory testing, scenario-based testing, usability testing. Understanding of database design and the ability to use SQL for data retrieval and manipulation. Experience with programming in one or more of the following: Python, Node.js, SQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, C#, C++, Java, Swift, Lisp. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Self-motivated and able to work with little oversight. Create Exceptional Experiences. Think like a customer, colleague, partner, and stakeholder. Strive to go above and beyond and have a positive impact on others. Drive to Succeed. Be purposeful and accountable. Persevere through challenges and seek ways to enable success. Operate with speed, agility, and excellence. Empower and Lead. Take the initiative and be proactive. Identify problems quickly and help tackle them. Have a voice, share ideas, and give constructive feedback. Encourage others to do the same. Disrupt Creatively. Be curious, explore ideas without bias, and fearlessly try new things. Foster innovation with diversity of thought. Merit ideas, not titles, and learn from failure. Cultivate Relationships. Build credibility and influence with integrity, honesty, and commitment. Seek win-win outcomes and lead with transparency and high ethical standards. Raise the Bar. Continually improve and grow. Build for the future, develop capability, and help others to learn. Take risks and aim high. Don’t iterate when you can change the game. Play as a Team. Navigate with genuine, care, respect, and inclusiveness. Create momentum through collaborative partnerships. Celebrate successes and have fun. Competitive compensation package including benefits. Open vacation program with unlimited vacation days. Inclusive, collaborative culture, and team social events. Social initiatives and virtual events until we are back in the office to battle in our games room (we call it Vegas) and face-off in ping pong, foosball, darts, and board games. Organized fun time – debate a new book in our book club or join in a game of hockey, soccer, baseball, even golf! 
ScrapedJobID224:
Apply software engineering techniques to the creation of prototypes and reliable and high-performance tools for game development teams. Work closely with product teams to create complete packages that meet production quality criteria (robustness, documentation, completeness, and performance). Develop and maintain frameworks, libraries, and development tools to facilitate the use of machine learning tools in production. Provide support to production team members by communicating the capabilities and limitations of their products. Contribute to efforts to promote machine learning techniques throughout the company by creating training content and participating in outreach initiatives. Identify opportunities to improve products and make them sustainable. A degree in computer science or software engineering (or related training) At least 3 years of experience in software development or other relevant experience Excellent knowledge of Python programming language Excellent knowledge of machine learning concepts and practices Excellent knowledge of at least one machine learning framework (such as TensorFlow or PyTorch) Good knowledge of big data development and NoSQL and SQL data modeling Good knowledge of data transportation, transformation, storage, and integrity concepts and practices Experience with Git Knowledge of data pipeline alerting and monitoring systems Knowledge of public Cloud services (AWS, Azure, GCP) Knowledge of Docker and Kubernetes considered Your CV, highlighting your background, experience, and skills. 
ScrapedJobID225:
Design, develop and test customer-driven features for Houdini's Procedural Dependency Graph (PDG) and Task Operators (TOPs) Enhance PDG’s readiness for optimal, large-scale cloud deployment Maintain and improve TOPs, including its UI frontend and user-facing APIs Maintain up-to-date knowledge on techniques and current practices in the area of software development, computer science, computer graphics, visual effects and games Ensure a high level of quality and performance in the developed code architecture and features, with an emphasis on long term viability and superior user experience Work on special projects and other strategic and technical opportunities as may be assigned Support film and game studios using PDG in production Other duties as assigned Adjustments will be made to enable duties & responsibilities to be met working remotely considering the current Covid-19 pandemic situation. 2+ years of professional software development experience Computer Science degree or equivalent industry experience, with a record of academic and professional excellence Strong knowledge of modern C++ programming Strong knowledge of Python programming Ability to learn independently, think fast, and use solid judgement Ability to work well independently and in a nimble team environment Excellent communication and presentation skills Positive, professional demeanor Working knowledge of Houdini and PDG Working knowledge of Qt Experience with network and cloud computing Parallel programming experience Cross-platform development experience Games or film industry experience Hybrid Work option - A great office in Downtown Toronto (right across from Union station) with the flexibility to work from home (most roles). You can help us test out our Hybrid Pilot Project 3 weeks’ vacation to relax and re-energize Health insurance coverage including a Health Service Spending Account (HSSA only for Canadian employees), for you and your dependents (only permanent employees) Employee Assistance Program (EAP); because sometimes we need a bit of extra support Retirement Plan with company matched contributions (only permanent employees) A highly competitive bonus structure (only permanent employees) A generous sick time entitlement to care for yourself and your loved ones Because you want to be part of a unique experience and winning team that has won an Oscar and an Emmy (Cool, right?) Because you want to be part of an industry-leading company that is constantly mindfully growing Because you want to work with some of the most talented people in the industry on a ground-breaking product Because you want to work with people from all around the world Because you want to be part of an exciting and fun industry Because you want to join and add to a positive, supportive and respected company culture Because you want your job to be GREAT! 
ScrapedJobID226:
You thrive in a fast-paced work environment – you’re confident in your ability to find answers and you know when to reach out for support. You have excellent 3D spatial awareness with the ability to solve problems using linear algebra and vector math. You have experience working in interactive 3D software and have used game engines (ideally Unreal!). You’re a solutions-oriented individual who is always analyzing problems and understands the need to balance immediate goals against longer term technical initiatives. Building reusable code and libraries for future use by our team. Optimizing application for maximum speed and scalability. Collaborating with our artists, producers, designers, and programmers in an Agile development environment. Offering your thoughts and ideas through participation in production-related meetings. Bachelor’s degree Computer Science, Engineering, related field, or the equivalent combination of education and technical training. Experience (3+ years) developing and shipping interactive products in a game engine. Strong developer level knowledge of Unreal or Unity game engines. Proficient with C++ and standard software design patterns 3D math skills (for example, matrix/vector math, trigonometry, linear algebra). Critical thinking and strong problem-solving skills. Eagerness to learn new techniques and to share what you know with other team members. Passionate about collaboration. Strong communicator in both verbal and written formats. Experience in front-end design / graphical user interface. Experience in networking and multiplayer architecture. Experience in real-time computer graphics, knowledge of OpenGL and/or GLSL. Experience in VR/AR/MR software development, knowledge of Oculus; HTC Vive; Microsoft Mixed Reality Devices. Understanding of GPU architecture; experience in parallel computation, GPGPU. Competitive compensation plan. Extended medical and dental benefits to care for you and your family. Supportive and fun company culture with ALL the team events – we know how to have a good time! Paid vacation time. Career growth opportunities. Flexible hours – you will work a normal workday. No more crazy overtime! Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID227:
Assist in the installation, implementation, and upgrades of internal systems and software Maintain IT end-user equipment, hardware, software, and supplies. Administer Windows and Linux servers and company services Monitor and maintain on-prem and cloud infrastructures Help build, image and deploy new workstations, servers, and CI workers Evaluate and uphold security across all systems Help with office equipment setup and maintenance Create new projects and solutions to help improve company productivity Solve problems collaboratively with the other IT administrators Participate in technical reviews and help develop best practices Assist and resolve end-user questions, requests, and issues Educate new users on office tools, technology, and services Maintain documentation of procedures, operations, and system configurations Communicate maintenance and incidents clearly with the company Communicate and coordinate with external partners Degree in system administration or equivalent experience in Computer Information Systems, Computer Science or a related field 5+ years of experience in an infrastructure technical support role or in IT operations Intermediate knowledge of Linux CLI Intermediate knowledge of Windows Servers Platform Intermediate knowledge of Networking configurations (Firewall, DNS, VPN, etc.) General knowledge of some scripting languages such as PowerShell, Bash, JavaScript Self-motivated to take initiative and find creative solutions to problems Highly effective organizational and time management skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to work well in a team and independently Ability to triage problems and prioritize work Must be eligible to work in Canada and be available work on site in beautiful Vancouver Experience with C, C++, Python Experience with virtualization and cloud platforms (ex. VMware, Azure, or AWS) Experience with container technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes Perforce management experience Experience deploying and configuring Jira & Confluence Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases Experience with authentication systems such as SAML and OAuth 
ScrapedJobID228:
Lead the development of machine learning products from inception to launch to support Collaborate with cross-functional, agile teams of data engineers, ML engineers, and product managers in solving business problems Build, automate, and maintain machine learning pipelines for training machine learning models on distributed systems Use a production-first mindset to consult on project feasibility through prototyping with respect to performance, time, quality and cost Advanced knowledge of ML models: deep learning, reinforcement learning, NLP, and others Hands-on experience and expertise with different AI/ML frameworks such as Keras, Pytorch, TensorFlow, SparkML, Scikit-Learn Advanced Python development skills with excellent code design (OOP, Algorithms, and Data Structures) Experience with SQL and database systems such as Oracle, SQL Server, Teradata Skilled communicator with a proven record of leading projects across disciplines Degree in a discipline such as: Data Science, applied math, applied science / engineering, economics/econometrics, management science / operations research, or related area Experience with CI/CD pipelines Experience with development and deployment of recommender systems Hands-on experience defining and operationalizing ML models into operational systems Experience with distributed data and computational resources such as Hadoop, HDFS, Docker, Dask 
ScrapedJobID229:
Note: Due to the Covid-19 pandemic, in order to keep all of our employees and candidates safe, SideFX is hiring and onboarding remotely Develop, maintain and provide support for the two primary Houdini off-line renderers, Karma CPU and XPU. Research and develop new rendering algorithms for off-line and real-time rendering. Collaborate with other R&D staff, technical directors and artists to ensure the rendering technology will provide the best solutions for the demands of production rendering. Other duties as assigned Adjustments will be made to enable duties & responsibilities to be met working remotely considering the current Covid-19 pandemic situation. Computer Science degree or equivalent Strong knowledge of C++ programming in a multi-threaded environment Leading-edge rendering R&D expertise A deep understanding of rendering technologies, such as:
Light transport
Importance sampling
Volume Rendering
Geometric processing (subdivision algorithms, curve rendering etc.) Light transport Importance sampling Volume Rendering Geometric processing (subdivision algorithms, curve rendering etc.) A thorough understanding of shading languages, including compiler technologies like LLVM History of delivering innovative, robust and scalable code Ability to learn independently, use solid judgement and develop at a fast pace Extensive experience in algorithm optimization for memory and performance Uncanny ability to uncover and remove bugs in a large software base Knowledge of GPU rendering algorithms, including OpenCL or CUDA Excellent verbal and written communication Experience with interactive algorithms (IPR) and stereoscopic rendering Familiarity with Houdini, USD/Hydra, MaterialX and the VEX shading language Advanced shader writing experience Familiarity with compiler optimization techniques Knowledge of Python Implement core rendering systems with a focus on production viability and performance Research solutions for efficient stereoscopic rendering Explore procedural technologies for large data rendering Design a layered material library, complete with physically realistic models for common surface types Optimize rendering of motion blur for RBD simulations Add user control to tracing of various light paths Bind volume primitive representations to the VEX shading language Optimize opacity evaluation for highly transparent scenes Optimize threaded evaluation of texture maps Extend the VEX shading language to support new constructs Improve the usability of the rendering environment in Houdini Explore avenues for hardware rendering Hybrid Work option - A great office in Downtown Toronto (right across from Union station) with the flexibility to work from home (most roles). You can help us test out our Hybrid Pilot Project 3 weeks’ vacation to relax and re-energize Health insurance coverage including a Health Service Spending Account (HSSA only for Canadian employees), for you and your dependents (only permanent employees) Employee Assistance Program (EAP); because sometimes we need a bit of extra support Retirement Plan with company matched contributions (only permanent employees) A highly competitive bonus structure (only permanent employees) A generous sick time entitlement to care for yourself and your loved ones Because you want to be part of a unique experience and winning team that has won an Oscar and an Emmy (Cool, right?) Because you want to be part of an industry-leading company that is constantly mindfully growing Because you want to work with some of the most talented people in the industry on a ground-breaking product Because you want to work with people from all around the world Because you want to be part of an exciting and fun industry Because you want to join and add to a positive, supportive and respected company culture Because you want your job to be GREAT! 
ScrapedJobID230:
Collaborate with the production team to understand the overall game vision & design documentation. Partner with project managers to help plan tasks and milestones + create the quality control calendar. Oversee your development testing team test their features (e.g. mission, AI, audio, UI, engine, online, etc.) & build their test plans. Regularly meet with your team to follow up on test plans, provide feedback and coaching, discuss progress, tackle setbacks, coordinate bug correction, flag risks, set benchmarks, etc. Adapt to technical and production constraints, updating the quality control calendar when and as often as needed. Put together and evaluate post-mortems to continuously improve our efforts. Carry out the annual evaluations of your development testers. Stay up to date on testing best practices, strategies, and techniques to keep up with the industry + develop your skills and refresh your knowledge. Participate in recruitment to build your development testing team & foster their long-term growth. A college diploma in a video game-related program or equivalent training At least 2 years of leadership experience in quality control or quality assurance, or related experience (project management an asset) Knowledge of bug tracking software (e.g. Jira), test creation software (e.g. TestRail), and game engines (e.g. Unity or Unreal) & their limitations Solid understanding of test principles & methodologies and basic programming A highly innovative, empathetic, and collaborative spirit Exceptional problem-solving, organizational, communication, mentorship, and interpersonal skills Critical thinking, attention to detail, curiosity, resourcefulness, and plenty of flexibility A solid understanding of the market & a (fiery) passion for video games Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, skills, and any games shipped 
ScrapedJobID231:
Updating curriculum to address gaps or better reach new audiences or goals Transfering face-to-face training to a blended model by leading design of new program, distributed learning courseware, LMS course architecture and reporting, and onboarding program Integrating a task trainer or simulator into existing programs (designed in collaboration with our developers and artists) to build confidence, develop skills or address skill fade Increasing reporting potential of courseware or task trainers with xAPI or SCORM with developer support to improve access to information through a client’s existing content management system, or by offering new options Collaborate with clients and product management to identify training needs: Get to know learners and their characteristics, the tasks of a position, and what successful performance of these tasks looks like. Work with the client or subject matter experts to identify resources for developing learning materials. Support clients in understanding the best media and technologies to meet training needs. Break down complex information into an engaging and easy to understand format: Create storyboards for eLearning courses, task trainers, simulators and serious games according to instructional design principles. Define reporting, onboarding, and administration needs to develop a training delivery plan including course architecture and deployment/reporting strategies. Examine, review and correct content for accuracy, consistency and accessible learner experience Produce and publish media-rich, responsive content: Create interactions and assemble course content using eLearning software. Test Distributed Learning packages in Learning Management Systems (LMS) and assess effectiveness, including SCORM/xAPI reporting. Work with other Learning Designers to grow and enhance your discipline expertise and best practices. Extended health benefits including dental, life insurance, vision care and mental wellness program Optional bi-weekly team social hosted by the Culture Committee Professional development program Flexible work hours 3 weeks vacation to start Work from home stipend All candidates must be Canadian citizens or permanent residents of Canada. All candidates must be willing to undergo security assessments as required by Public Services and Procurement Canada. 
ScrapedJobID232:
Automation. You will have plenty of opportunities to automate tedious tasks using modern tools and your ingenuity Support. You will maintain production system; troubleshoot issues affecting customers and fix outages Automate provisioning and configuration of environments using infrastructure-as-code techniques Assist with APIs for ML model serving. Participate in the Continuous Integration Continuous Delivery (CICD) cycle Develop preventive measures and build documentation Develop and help maintain a virtualized / Containerized Infrastructure Build and maintain the infrastructure and CI/CD pipelines Contribute to project meeting and report on issue status Maintain and improve the performance of existing infrastructure Resolve operational problems in timely fashion, handle escalated issues and follow up on outstanding items promptly Work with an agile team to develop, test, and maintain Infrastructure and supporting application 2+ years of experience with Linux operating systems with different flavors CentOS and Debian Good knowledge of Windows operating systems Solid understanding of virtualization solutions (Openshift, Kubernetes, Docker) Knowledge of security principles is an asset Good expertise with Test Driven Development (Molecule, Jfrog/Xray, Claire, SonarQube) Good expertise of CI/CD pipelines using Gitlab Runners and/or Jenkins Knowledge of monitoring software (Prometheus, Alert-Manager) Deep knowledge of programming, Design Patterns and Software Architecture (Python, flask, bash, .NET) Solid understanding of API driven solutions Solid knowledge in data ingestion and enrichment (Logstach, Elasticsearch, and Kafka) Critical thinker – demonstrated ability to tackle complex problems effectively Efficient at prioritizing tasks and manage balance between long-term goals and short-term emergencies. Team player – ability to work with a wide range of geographically distributed teammates Great communicator – ability to communicate effectively at all levels of the organization Avid learner – continuous learner of all things technical and process Focus driven – ability to manage stress and pressure in a collaborative environment Transformational agent – agile and ability to mobilize resources and execute on critical initiatives needed to transform our business Autonomous and self-organized 
ScrapedJobID233:
4+ years experience as a back-end PHP programmer A bilingual candidate Strong knowledge of PHP 5, JavaScript, jQuery Strong knowledge of Magento (or Magento 2 if you are a true ninja) Strong knowledge of MVC systems (Laravel is a plus) Strong knowledge of MySQL relational databases An experienced Git user Experience with Wordpress and other CMS Strong knowledge of System Administration (Apache, server security procedures, Linux and *Nix CLI, DNS, Domains, Records, as well as Knowledge of email headers SPF / MX records) 
ScrapedJobID234:
Participer à la définition des exigences techniques clés pour répondre aux besoins des clients pour un produit; Participer à la création de l’architecture conceptuelle de sites web, des applications et autres projets connexes aux technologies du Web; Participer à l’estimation du travail avec l’équipe de développement; Participer à l’élaboration des méthodes de travail (méthodes, outils et technologies); Prendre en charge l’implémentation de modules Web performants suivant l'architecture mise en place. Participate in defining key technical requirements to meet customer needs for a product; Participate in the creation of conceptual game architecture, online communities, virtual worlds, websites and applications (development and integration); Estimate timelines with the development team; Participate in the development of working methods (methods, tools and technologies); Implement efficient Web modules following the technical design architecture. Diplôme et expérience pertinente; Expérience en intégration web multi-navigateur et mobile; Compétences avec les technologies web de base (HTML, CSS, Javascript); Connaissance de frameworks et outils de développement (SASS, jQuery, React, Angular); Bilinguisme (Français/Anglais); Connaissances de système de gestion de versions (Git, Mercurial, Perforce); Expérience avec un CMS PHP (Drupal, Wordpress, etc) est considéré un atout. Relevant degree and experience; Demonstrated skills in multi-browser and mobile web integration; Knowledge of frameworks and development tools (SASS, jQuery, React, Angular); Knowledge of version management systems (Git, Mercurial, Perforce); Experience with a PHP CMS (Drupal 8+, Wordpress, etc) is considered an asset. Salaire compétitif ; Assurances collectives offrant une couverture pour un large éventail de soins de santé, les soins dentaires, l’assurance salaire courte et longue durée et une assurance voyage ; REER collectif avec contribution avantageuse de l’employeur ; Stationnement gratuit ; Horaire régulier de 37,5 heures par semaine ; Projets originaux et variés ; Collations santé offertes gratuitement tous les jours ; Réel impact sur les projets ; Accès à ton propre espace personnalisé au cœur d’un espace ouvert, lumineux et branché ; Des clients d’envergure internationale dans les domaines du jouet et du divertissement ; Travailler avec des gens compétents et talentueux ; Une culture du jeu très forte ; Des activités sociales et beaucoup de plaisir ! Competitive salary; Group insurance offering health, disability and dental coverage and travel coverage; RRSP program including an employer contribution; Free parking; Schedule of 37,5 hours per week; Work on original and various projects; Free healthy snacks offered every day; Real impact on your projects; Own personalized space in our bright, comfortable and trendy open environment; Top international clients in the toys and entertainment business. Does Hasbro, Disney, Cartoon Network, Warner Brothers ring a bell? Work with talented and competent people; Strong gaming culture; Social events and a lot of fun! 
ScrapedJobID235:
Estimating and implementing web & mobile solutions including the interplay between the database, backend, and frontend technologies in a clean, robust way. Writing automated tests in a pragmatic way - where it makes sense to. Solving complex problems with simple, elegant solutions. Always looking for innovative ways to improve our code. Helping to plan, build, deploy, and manage new and existing systems, infrastructure, and features. Monitoring the health of underlying virtual infrastructure hardware and assisting in troubleshooting issues and finding resolutions. Combining user appreciation with knowledge of front-end development and coding. You’ll be dreaming the web elements that a user will interact with at every step of their journey, and working the behind the scenes magic to make it a reality. Git and services like GitLab CSS preprocessors like SASS Bootstrap 4 (responsive framework) RESTful apis Server-side languages like Ruby CRUD and prototyping frameworks like RoR or Laravel Relational databases Javascript frameworks like React, Ember, Backbone, etc. We are open to remote working from home (but value getting together to hash out solutions). A fun, collaborative work environment A lot of espresso… Extended benefits for you and your spouse 
ScrapedJobID236:
Permanent full-time contract Montreal Office: 3 Place Ville Marie, Suite 400 - Montreal, QC H3B 2E3, with a smooth remote work policy (up to 3 days a week) Pre-sales: Onboarding: Follow up: Support: Product optimisation: Team Project What we offer* Huge impact. AB Tasty is only as great as our team. By ensuring our clients' satisfaction, you’ll have a direct impact on the company’s success. No micromanaging. Be the owner of your effort - you’ll be one of the team and fully trusted to take responsibility of your tasks. You’ll have every incentive to make a real impact. International reach. Our audience is wildly international, and our team is too. Although our HQ is located in France, our company language is English. Continuous education. We offer many opportunities for each employee to learn and grow from a mix of professional and non professional topics (a few examples of our permanent or latest classes: French lessons, blockchain, coding lessons, mental health coaching, vegan cooking, …). Unique career opportunity. By joining a fast-growing company that’s making waves in the tech industry, you’ll have a wonderful chance to enhance your learning and advance in your career faster than you ever thought possible. Lots. Of. Fun. Our incredible magic makers organize awesome events, such as team games, drinks, yoga classes, parties, and a company-wide retreat every year with employees from all countries gathering for 2 days of fun. Remote working, flexible schedule. This isn’t a “clock in, clock out” company. We care about your productivity, not tracking every minute you’re on site. It’s up to you to always be responsible for your work, no matter where you are or what schedule you’re keeping. Time for yourself. After a year within AB Tasty, we offer you a day off during which we simply ask you to think about your career expectations with us. It's not always easy to find time for introspection and to envision what path can lead us to a happy career so we offer a Retreat Day as an opportunity to reflect on that. We not only aim to succeed, but also to make you succeed. Proficiency in English. Effective communication is one of the key aspects of this job. That’s why you need to read, write, and speak fluently in English. Other languages are a plus! A bit of experience. In client-facing at least. You have experience in Saas as a software engineer (or working with Saas tools day to day). You have significant experience building web or mobile apps. You have a good background working with multiple languages, we interact most often (javascript, Python, PHP, Node.js…). Passion for the field. Working in a tech / fast paced environment motivates you. You are curious and have a good knowledge on developers ecosystem 
ScrapedJobID237:
You are enthusiastic about making a significant difference in the lives of your customers through your work. You are passionate about software development and take privacy and security seriously. You care deeply about your code and couldn’t imagine writing software without TDD and Continuous Integration. You are a continual learner, love new ideas and have a natural curiosity to keep improving. You understand the value of timely releases to market, and know when not to budge on software quality. A degree or diploma in Engineering, Computer Science or a related field, or relevant work experience. 3-7 years of relevant development experience Database development, especially SQL Server Java Swing FHIR and/or HL7 CI/CD pipelines Integration with external enterprise APIs or services OAuth 2.0 and JWT Building software in Healthcare Board/Card games 
ScrapedJobID238:
Assemble finished digital collectibles using content delivered from partners on a regular cadence. QA the collectibles to ensure accuracy of information and a high level of production quality. Maintain a steady flow of new content as live events take place. Collaborate on the upcoming stream of collectibles and merchandising strategy. Create collections of content during off peak times. Extensive knowledge of the professional sports leagues, the athletes, their history and what fans want. Deep understanding of fans and the culture of sports fandom. Excellent and up to date knowledge of game rules and terminology. Experience with sports collectibles/trading cards and the collector mindset. Proficient with computer data entry (JSON and basic understanding of APIs experience a plus). Able to quickly learn and master custom computer tools and interfaces. Excellent verbal and written skill (Copywriting experience a plus). Able to work evenings and weekends as needed (We work in multiple shifts to manage the quickest turnaround possible). Confident team collaborator who is comfortable taking direction or setting direction. Solid communication skills with the ability to interact at all levels of management. 
ScrapedJobID239:
Conduct thorough and accurate software testing and provide approvals during development. This can be anything from daily games, io games, and websites. Identify, analyze, and document defects, questionable functions, and inconsistencies in software Ensure features meet the defined acceptance criteria Document software defects in Jira in a manner that developers can reproduce easily 2+ years software quality assurance experience Proven ability to efficiently write effective test cases that provide in depth coverage of functionality Experience working with teams to analyze and contribute ideas to product discussions, designs and decisions and understand product requirements to ensure that they are implemented correctly Experience required in implementing test practices and standard, and establishing measures of product readiness. Strong planning and organizational skills involving executing on multiple priorities using strong time management skills A self directed work ethic with good attention to detail QA certification Experience with Atlassian products (JIRA, Confluence) Examples of QA work out in the wild (open source projects, etc) 
ScrapedJobID240:
Design and develop new features and product improvements Prepare documentation related to implementation Perform code reviews and provide feedback Have a proficient understanding of software development processes Interface with internal departments to investigate and resolve reported software issues Train and guide junior developers Recommend software improvements Have basic domain knowledge A diploma or university degree in Computer Science or Technology At least 2-3 years of experience in a similar role, or demonstrable fluency in software development Strong experience with javascript/typescript + React.js Strong understanding of the javascript object model, DOM manipulation, CSS, and other common web development skills Experience with modern web development tooling such as webpack, npm, babel, etc Familiarity with RESTful web services Knowledge and experience in common software development processes Strong initiative and ability to work with minimal supervision Excellent ability to work in a team environment Ability to communicate clearly and competently, verbally and in writing Experience working with the Microsoft Office Add-ins platform (ExcelAPI, office.js, fluent UI) 
ScrapedJobID241:
Gameloft possède l’une des plus grandes plateformes de services en ligne dans l’industrie du jeu vidéo, avec 20 millions de joueurs actifs quotidiens et plus de 10 milliards de requêtes par jour sur plusieurs centres de données. Gameloft has one of the largest online-services platforms in the video-game industry, with 20 million daily active players and more than 10 billion requests per day registered to its data centers. 4 ans d'expérience minimum dans la programmation orientée objet (Python, Java, Go, .Net, ou tout autre langage) Excellente compréhension des tests unitaires (dont les méthodologies « développement piloté par les tests ») Bonne connaissance des systèmes distribués évolutifs (« scalable distributed system ») Expérience dans le développement de microservices Expérience avec un système de CI/CD Bonne connaissance des bases de données noSQL Expérience avec Docker et Kubernetes (un atout) Expérience dans les technologies du cloud (un atout) Expérience dans différents outils d’observabilité tel que Grafana, Kibana, Loki, Jaeger, etc. (un atout) Baccalauréat en informatique (un atout) Excellente connaissance des outils de contrôle de sources (tels que Git, Mercurial, etc.) (un atout) Sens de l'organisation, rigueur et bonnes aptitudes en communication Proactif et indépendant Focalisé sur la qualité du code et rigoureux Capacité à travailler rapidement et sous pression A minimum of 4 years' experience in object-oriented programming (Python, Java, Go, .Net or any other language) Excellent grasp of unit testing (including methods based on test-driven development) Strong understanding of scalable distributed systems Experience in Micro Services development Good knowledge of NoSQL databases Experience with CI/CD pipelines Experience with Docker and Kubernetes is an asset Experience with cloud programming is an asset Experience with different observability tools such as Grafana, Kibana, Loki, Jaeger is an asset Bachelor’s degree in computer science is an asset Excellent knowledge of source-control tools, such as Git, Mercurial, etc., is an asset Organizational skills, attention to detail and a strong ability to communicate Proactive and independent Meticulous and focused on code quality Able to work quickly and under pressure Parce que vous voulez vivre une expérience exceptionnelle, au sein d'une entreprise en constante évolution ! Parce que vous voulez travailler avec des collègues talentueux et pionniers dans l’industrie ! Parce que l’idée d’ouvrir vos horizons à une culture internationale et au partage de connaissances avec des collègues à l’autre bout du monde vous enchante ! Ou tout simplement parce que vous recherchez un endroit où il y fait bon travailler ! Horaire flexible Dès votre embauche, 3 semaines de vacances et des congés mobiles Congé offert entre Noël et le jour de l'An pour bien débuter la nouvelle année Programme de REER collectif avec participation de l'employeur Programme d'assurances collectives avantageux Accès gratuit à une clinique médicale virtuelle 24h/24, 7 jours/7 Programme d'aide aux employés et à leur famille immédiate Programme de remboursement partiel pour votre déplacement au bureau (transport en commun et/ou stationnement) Accompagnement lors de toute relocalisation pour les nouveaux collaborateurs en provenance de pays ou de régions hors Québec Programme de référencement avec bonus Activités et prix offerts régulièrement par le comité social Local à vélos sécurisé et montant offert pour encourager le transport actif (période estivale) Collations offertes quotidiennement (fruits, café, etc.) 4@7 les vendredis Espaces de jeux Terrasse sur le toit Studio à proximité du parc Jarry et des nombreux attraits du Mile-Ex et de la Petite-Italie Activités physiques organisées à même le studio ou au parc Jarry (ex. : yoga) Because you want to be part of an exceptional experience within a company that is constantly growing! Because you want to work with talented people who are industry pioneers! Because you want to join a global company and meet great people around the world from all walks of life. Or, just because you’re looking for a great place to work! Flexible schedule 3 weeks’ vacation and mobile days off, available as of your start date Time off between Christmas and New Year’s Day to help you start the year off on the right foot Group RRSP program with employer contributions Great group insurance program Free 24/7 access to a virtual medical clinic The Employee and Family Assistance Program Partial reimbursement of your commuting costs (for public transit and/or parking) Support for new employees relocating from countries or regions outside Quebec Referral program with bonuses Regular activities and prizes courtesy of our Social Committee Secure bike storage room and a subsidy to encourage active transportation (during the summer) Daily snacks (fruit, coffee, etc.) Friday happy hours A game room A rooftop terrace Studio located near Jarry Park and the charming Mile-Ex and Little Italy neighbourhoods Fitness classes at the studio itself or at Jarry Park (e.g., yoga) 
ScrapedJobID242:
Identify, develop, test, document and deploy tools and workflows (via SideFX Labs) that solve real production problems for our customers at games studios. Build demo projects demonstrating Houdini’s world-building capabilities. Learn existing tools and workflows in Houdini. Be a champion of our company and represent SideFX to the larger game community. Participate as needed in public channels where Houdini tools are discussed. Other duties as assigned. Adjustments will be made to enable duties & responsibilities to be met working remotely considering the current Covid-19 pandemic situation. Fluency in using Houdini for world-building. Preferably in a games/real-time context:
Demonstrated through a portfolio that contains elements essential to world-building. Demonstrated through a portfolio that contains elements essential to world-building. Knowledge of the 3D environment art pipeline. Must be able to create and present content in Houdini fluently. Ability to work and operate collaboratively in a small team. A demonstrated passion for procedural processes and tools, and a drive to share that passion with artists. Have production experience as an environment artist at a games studio. Experience creating learning materials or teaching production software. Knowledge of VEX and Python. Experience using Unity or Unreal Engine. Basic understanding of runtime performance requirements for created assets. Location
Toronto, Ontario or Los Angeles, California, Ontario Department
Internship Employment Type
Intern Full-Time 
ScrapedJobID243:
Create, track and manage tasks to ensure that Production schedules are maintained and adjusted accordingly for all up-coming milestones and deadlines Assist internal production team in daily communication on task planning, schedule tracking, feedback tracking and delivery tracking. Identify, communicate and resolve any risks that may prevent the team from completing any deadlines Act as the main point of contact for clients, and be in charge of tracking the quality of deliverables and providing feedback (under guidance of supervisor). Serve as a driving force for facilitating internal/external communication, organization, and accountability across teams as needed. Perform other related tasks necessary for the conduct of the business. Excellent organizational and analytical skills to deliver quality projects and content within tight deadlines. A keen eye for detail and high standards of work and a commitment to the development process. Bachelor or above education background (preferred management or art related major) Project management knowledge Knowledge of MS Office Suite and familiar with project management software (Hansoft, Jira, etc.) Great communication skills Good knowledge of game industry (a plus) English (both written and spoken) proficiency Fluently bilingual (French and other languages an asset) 
ScrapedJobID244:
Collaborate with a team of producers, artists, and programmers from concept to deployment of a game product to bring the team’s vision to reality Design and write clean, readable code Optimize performance issues, and be proactive to avoid potential obstacles Manage timelines and provide accurate estimates for tasks required for scheduling purposes Research new technologies and eager to learn new tools ad hoc as needed Bug fixing, maintenance and optimization Rapid prototyping Minimum 5 years’ experience working on games as a game programmer Knowledge and experience in both 2D and 3D game development Understanding of current mobile device networking, memory management, security, and performance capabilities Ability to independently design, write and maintain high quality code Passion, curiosity and strong knowledge for games and mobile applications Ability to work under pressure, strong organization, attention to detail and great documentation skills Has at least 3 published games in a portfolio for assessment Experience implementing games using Java Script and C++ Solid experience with HTML5 Experience with Cocos2dx Successfully implemented and used CI/CD 
ScrapedJobID245:

ScrapedJobID246:
Collaborer au processus de création de produits, du concept initial à la commercialisation et à la production des modèles assignés qui conduiront et assureront la livraison et le développement dans les délais selon les dates critiques, les spécifications du produit, la durabilité, les performances et les objectifs de rentabilité. Travailler avec la conception, le marchandisage, la fabrication et les fournisseurs externes pour exécuter efficacement les objectifs et les livrables de développement de produits. Créer et réviser la documentation appropriée pour les produits assignés; s'assure que toute la documentation de développement appropriée est maintenue, y compris les spécifications du produit et les notes de prototype. Gérer et superviser les dates chronologiques atteignant tous les jalons. Des déplacements internationaux seront nécessaires : Chine, Philippines, Vietnam Suivre et faciliter l'échantillonnage et le prototypage des produits ; identifier et résoudre les problèmes et défis clés dans la construction/fabrication et planifier en conséquence pour livrer un produit éprouvé et testé. Surveiller et communiquer les progrès et les défis tout au long du processus de test des produits pour répondre aux exigences d'intégrité des produits. Se tenir au courant des tendances du marché, des objectifs de catégorie, des nouvelles technologies et des besoins des consommateurs tout au long du processus de développement et s'engager de manière appropriée pour s'assurer que les projets sont réalisés conformément aux directives et aux objectifs de l'entreprise pour toutes les facettes de la création de produits. Baccalauréat dans un domaine connexe avec 3 à 5 ans d'expérience en développement de produits - de préférence dans le hockey / équipement de sport, chaussures ou domaine connexe. Doit avoir une expérience de travail et de déplacement dans des usines en Asie. Solide connaissance du processus de création de produits Connaissance approfondie des divers procédés de fabrication, y compris - coupe et couture, moulage par compression, moulage par injection, etc. Expérience réussie avérée de la gestion de projets et de concepts et d'applications de résolution de problèmes. Utilise diverses méthodes de test de produits pour prouver les performances des produits grâce à des données exploitables. Doit avoir de l'expérience dans les programmes suivants : Une expérience de jeu au hockey et/ou à la crosse est préférable Collaborate to the product creation process from initial concept through to commercialization and production for assigned models that will lead to and ensure on-time delivery and development meeting according to critical dates, product specification, sustainability, performance, and profitability goals. Work with Design, Merchandising, Manufacturing, and external vendors to effectively execute product development goals and deliverables. Create and revise appropriate documentation for assigned products; ensures all appropriate development documentation is maintained including product specs and prototype notes. Manage and oversee timeline dates hitting all milestones. International travel will be required: China, Philippines, Vietnam Track and facilitate sampling and prototyping for products; identify and address key issues and challenges in construction/manufacturing and plan accordingly to deliver a proven and tested products. Monitor and communicate progress and challenges throughout the product testing process to meet product integrity requirements. Keep abreast of market trends, category goals, new technology, and consumer needs throughout the development process and engage appropriately to ensure projects are completed within corporate guidelines and goals for all facets of product creation. Bachelor’s Degree in related field with 3-5 years of product development experience – preferably in hockey/sports equipment, footwear or related field. Must have experience working with and traveling to factories in Asia. Strong knowledge of the product creation process Robust knowledge of various manufacturing processes including - cut & sew, compression molding, injection molding etc. Proven successful experience managing projects and problem-solving concepts and applications. Uses various product testing methods to prove product performance through actionable data. Must have experience in the following programs: Hockey and/or Lacrosse playing experience is preferred Medical, Dental, Vision 401k with Employer Match Disability and Life Insurance Generous Paid Time Off and Holidays Volunteer Time Off Corporate Gift Matching Warrior and New Balance Employee Discounts Tuition Reimbursement 
ScrapedJobID247:
At least 3 years of Web Front End development experience; more experienced candidates are welcome Strong knowledge of React/Redux architecture Strong knowledge of HTML/CSS, animations, transitions, responsive design and browser specifics Solid knowledge of JavaScript, ES6, TypeScript and Node.js Comfortable with the Unix command lines Experience with a revision control tools, ideally from the command line: such as svn, git, p4 Self-directed; able to own your work and not be spoon fed Must be a resident of Canada and be eligible to work in Canada Communicate with remote team members regarding the project requirements, priorities and progress Build community tools which will be used by game developers and gamers Support and improve the existing tools and services Make sure the code quality is good and improving Experience with video streaming implementation and working with distributed teams DevOps experience - CI and deployments Understanding of and willingness to work according to agile manifesto spirit Familiarity with the video games industry and gamers community Diploma in C.S., Comp. Eng., or equivalent Annual Medical Allowance (Dental, Vision & More) Disability insurance Paid time off Remote working Continues learning opportunities Overtime pay 
ScrapedJobID248:
Thoroughly monitor and discuss all live NBA and WNBA content (as well as historical archives) with the goal of identifying candidate plays that would resonate with Top Shot collectors. Work directly with the NBA and WNBA to specifically source, acquire and optimize video assets to appear on the platform. Ingest and categorize numerous raw components required for the compilation of Top Shot Moments, including play data, player details, media files, etc. Organize and systematically maintain our inventory of candidate plays spanning various leagues and seasons, for use in the curation of both pending and future sets. Assist with the rendering process, specifically tracking the status of potential Moments that have been submitted for approval and keeping appropriate stakeholders apprised of progress. You live and breathe basketball with an expert-level knowledge of the sport, past and present. You’re comfortable and familiar with the names and faces of all current NBA and WNBA rosters, with a solid grasp of past personnel and the pertinent historical context of each league. You not only appreciate the game on a personal level but understand modern day fandom, new media and the role that a product like NBA Top Shot can play in shaping basketball culture. You are comfortable being the point person to oversee and manage large sources of information. You not only thrive at but enjoy organizing data and building systems to simplify processes, whether those are backend databases or simply just elaborate spreadsheets. You have confidence and experience learning to use technical tools with at least a basic understanding of programming. You are capable of multi-tasking and context switching, comfortable working under pressure and with tight deadlines. You will always be supported by a team but do not hesitate with the idea of eventually being the go-to person for certain aspects of our content inventory. 
ScrapedJobID249:
Work on a variety of exciting projects Write maintainable, testable, and performant software in collaboration with our world-class team Participate in code reviews and performing extensive testing to ensure high quality software Research new technologies and tools and share those findings with the team 2+ years of professional experience in a Front End Development role Front-end experience using JavaScript and modern JS frameworks like React or/and Angular or/and Vue Some back-end experience with technologies like Node or/and Java or/and C# is a big plus Deep understanding of the components of a modern web application (APIs, templating, routing, data storage, design patterns, optimization, caching, security) Fluency with relational and non relational databases is preferred You’re eager to expand your knowledge and learn new technologies You love collaboration and problem solving You’re self-reflective and try to learn from your mistakes You learn quickly and aren’t afraid to ask questions You get excited when your team succeeds 3 weeks flexible vacations and additional sick leaves Complete office shut down last week of December Extended Health Benefits including life, medical, vision and dental, virtual consultations and family assistance program Parental leave policy Lots of opportunities for learning, growth & development Quarterly staff events and bi-weekly team socials When in office: Dog friendly workplace, snacks, games, quiet spaces, and lots of coffee! 
ScrapedJobID250:

ScrapedJobID251:
Build new features, as well as update and improve existing ones. Maintain high quality code through code reviews, pair programming, and mentoring your peers. Help our customers get the most out of our product. Solve tough bugs! 2+ years of experience in software development, with some of that time spent working on production web applications. Python (or similar languages) ES6 (JavaScript) MVC frameworks such as Django, Rails, or .NET Git! Designing RESTful APIs JavaScript frameworks and libraries such as React, Angular, Ember, and Backbone. Maintaining web servers such as Apache and Nginx Tuning Postgres databases Docker Make a difference. Our suite of products and services help make software more secure for our customers, their clients, and the world as a whole. Have a voice. Be trusted. Our organizational structure and open communication programs create an environment where employees drive the company's culture and decisions. Have fun. We laugh at work! We don't take ourselves too seriously. Our social events and games around the office and remote are just a few of the ways we let loose. Universal Acceptance. Diversity is our differentiator. We speak up for inclusion. We respect all forms of intelligence. Be innovative. We give dedicated time to focus on passion projects and encourage new ideas in all that we do. We encourage disruptive thinking. You'll be able to spend 10% of your time working on a side-project of your choosing or doing other learning and growth activities. Grow your career. We make your growth and learning a priority by giving a dedicated training budget. We create opportunities to take on new projects in security and beyond. Be part of a team that welcomes new developers and is excited to help them reach their full potential. Find balance. We support working from home (of course), we have flexible work hours, and open vacation. 
ScrapedJobID252:
Analyze product requirements and define technical specifications. Design, develop, document, test and maintain cross-platform software solutions using agile methodology. Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs and translate UI/UX design wireframes to actual code. Optimize applications for maximum speed and scalability. Participate in code reviews and inspections. Bridge the gap between graphic design and technical implementation. Document programming tasks and procedures. Identify troubleshooting issues and resolve bugs found through testing. Follow software-engineering best practices in usability, code quality, test coverage, source control, and CI/CD. Coordinate and partner with other engineers, UX designers, product owner, and customers to refine and build complex products as well to ensure the project meets business objectives and compliance standards. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science/Engineering or any relevant field or equivalent experience in full-stack development. 2+ years of experience of experience developing front-end and back-end enterprise web applications. Strong grasp of unit, integration and end-to-end test development Enthusiasm for engineering practices such as refactoring, TDD, CI/CD, pair programming, and design and code reviews. Strong proficiency with JavaScript Experience working with modern front-end technologies (e.g. React.js) Experience with ES6, HTML5, CSS3, Node.js and Express.js Programming experience with Redux , Material UI and PostgreSQL databases is considered as an asset. Experience working with UI Frameworks such as Material-UI or Bootstrap Experience in using and implementing RESTful APIs Experience with serverless software development Knowledge of web testing frameworks like Jest or Mocha Experience with Git Experience with Docker UX/UI Design tools (Axure, Adobe XD) Experience with IoT solutions Experience with AI/ML-based solutions Knowledge of Python and other programming languages Knowledge of NOSQL such as MongoDB Knowledge of Webpack, Gulp and Yarn Flexibility is very important, for this reason, we provide an opportunity to choose between a remote option and a hybrid work model. We are happy to consider candidates who are located outside of Ottawa and prefer to be fully remote. A high-paced and creative environment, where all team members have an opportunity to contribute. Our employees have the freedom to implement new ideas and find creative solutions to help us drive our revenue engine to success! We are a company that supports life-long learning. We support your personal and career development. We provide in-house courses, extensive training, Lunch & Learns, and many other resources to enable our employees to achieve their personal goals and be successful in their careers. A great corporate culture where we work and have fun together. We love to have fun outside the office, from whitewater rafting to egg hunts, trivia, and football games, and much more! We offer diverse benefits to meet everyone's needs such as a flexible health benefits plan, a gym allowance, great time off options, a snack bar in the office and unlimited coffee Giatec is a highly collaborative environment. We believe two brains are better than one! An opportunity to revolutionize the construction and concrete industry together! 
ScrapedJobID253:
Java Software development System integration of new platforms and services Participate in the design, development and testing of real-time charging and policy solutions and features prior to implementation in production, with a focus on both Wireless Prepaid and Data charging Participate in software development strategies to build internally or work with external vendors to develop new or enhance existing features of Bell products Participate in the servicing and maintenance of existing platforms and services University degree in Electrical/Computer Engineering or Computer Science or equivalent 4+ years of experience in Java development, Spring (all), JSP Experience in Docker and Docker swarm Experience with Rabbit and Kafka queues Experience in Hibernate, JPA, Junit, MVC, RDBMS Experience with multiple scripting languages (Python Groovy, etc.) Experience with tools such as: Eclipse, Maven, Jenkins, Gradle, under Windows and Linux Experience designing and implementing ReST services using microservices Experience with TDD (test driven development) and test automation Knowledge of open source libraries and testing frameworks such as JUnit, Mockito, etc. Familiar with FPA concept (Function Point Analysis) Knowledge of Kubernetes, Ansible Knowledge of Spring integration and security Experience with working in an agile service implementation and distributed environment Strong analysis and problem solving skills Strong technical writing skill and good communication skills. Strong team player Creative thinker able to resolve complex issues Enthusiastic & energetic in meeting/exceeding objectives and goals Some working knowledge of telecom charging/rating systems will be an asset. 
ScrapedJobID254:
Define and develop our research topics within your area of expertise + help create internal training; Collaborate with other La Forge team members to develop proof-of-concept prototypes; Communicate progress within and outside Ubisoft by publishing papers, presenting at conferences, etc; Oversee and guide graduate students. Participate in recruitment to assess candidates for internships and full-time positions; Stay up to date on the latest academic advances & industry trends within your area of specialization. A Ph.D. in Computer Science or a related technical field; A background in applied or basic research (in industry or academia) + the ability to lead research through standard experimental methodologies Hands-on experience in cutting-edge techniques like deep learning or algorithmic foundations of optimization; Proficiency in C, C++, or Python; A highly collaborative spirit + excellent communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills; Curiosity, critical thinking, and resourcefulness (you’ll have access to data, game engines, and world-class experts); Contributions to public research (e.g. published papers in relevant venues like NeurIPS, ICML, ACL, SIGGRAPH, or GDC); Motivation to find solutions to real-world problems related to the video game industry. Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills; A hybrid, flexible work model Six weeks of vacation An enhanced parental leave program Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefits Package: Disability Insurance Dental Insurance Extended medical insurance (Optional) RRSP contribution Relocation Assistance Bonus (If Applicable) 
ScrapedJobID255:
You thrive in a fast-paced work environment – you’re confident in your ability to find answers and you know when to reach out for support. You have excellent 3D spatial awareness with the ability to solve problems using linear algebra and vector math. You have experience working in interactive 3D software and have used game engines (ideally Unreal!). You’re a solutions-oriented individual who is always analyzing problems and understands the need to balance immediate goals against longer term technical initiatives. Building reusable code and libraries for future use by our team. Optimizing application for maximum speed and scalability. Collaborating with our artists, producers, designers, and programmers in an Agile development environment. Offering your thoughts and ideas through participation in production-related meetings. Bachelor’s degree Computer Science, Engineering, related field, or the equivalent combination of education and technical training. Experience (3+ years) developing and shipping interactive products in a game engine. Strong developer level knowledge of Unreal or Unity game engines. Proficient with C++ and standard software design patterns 3D math skills (for example, matrix/vector math, trigonometry, linear algebra). Critical thinking and strong problem-solving skills. Eagerness to learn new techniques and to share what you know with other team members. Passionate about collaboration. Strong communicator in both verbal and written formats. Experience in front-end design / graphical user interface. Experience in networking and multiplayer architecture. Experience in real-time computer graphics, knowledge of OpenGL and/or GLSL. Experience in VR/AR/MR software development, knowledge of Oculus; HTC Vive; Microsoft Mixed Reality Devices. Understanding of GPU architecture; experience in parallel computation, GPGPU. Competitive compensation plan. Extended medical and dental benefits to care for you and your family. Supportive and fun company culture with ALL the team events – we know how to have a good time! Paid vacation time. Career growth opportunities. Flexible hours – you will work a normal workday. No more crazy overtime! Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID256:
Thoroughly monitor and discuss all live NBA and WNBA content (as well as historical archives) with the goal of identifying candidate plays that would resonate with Top Shot collectors. Work directly with the NBA and WNBA to specifically source, acquire and optimize video assets to appear on the platform. Ingest and categorize numerous raw components required for the compilation of Top Shot Moments, including play data, player details, media files, etc. Organize and systematically maintain our inventory of candidate plays spanning various leagues and seasons, for use in the curation of both pending and future sets. Assist with the rendering process, specifically tracking the status of potential Moments that have been submitted for approval and keeping appropriate stakeholders apprised of progress. You live and breathe basketball with an expert-level knowledge of the sport, past and present. You’re comfortable and familiar with the names and faces of all current NBA and WNBA rosters, with a solid grasp of past personnel and the pertinent historical context of each league. You not only appreciate the game on a personal level but understand modern day fandom, new media and the role that a product like NBA Top Shot can play in shaping basketball culture. You are comfortable being the point person to oversee and manage large sources of information. You not only thrive at but enjoy organizing data and building systems to simplify processes, whether those are backend databases or simply just elaborate spreadsheets. You have confidence and experience learning to use technical tools with at least a basic understanding of programming. You are capable of multi-tasking and context switching, comfortable working under pressure and with tight deadlines. You will always be supported by a team but do not hesitate with the idea of eventually being the go-to person for certain aspects of our content inventory. 
ScrapedJobID257:
Create from scratch a banking solution mimicking the main features of an existing one Be a key player from design to deployment
Technical requirement definition
Implementation
Support and maintenance Technical requirement definition Implementation Support and maintenance Ensure that the solution will remain performant in front of 3M users Participate in the improvement of the solution by understanding its business impacts Curious Willing and prone to change things Able to work on not fully defined problems and come up with creative solutions Great autonomy and resourcefulness Fast learner Positive mindset Proactive Problem-solving Java8 and + (minimum 3 years) Linux Object-Oriented Programming experience in performance management of Java applications RestAPI (minimum 1 year) Assets: Multithreading, Git, Maven, js, html Competitive compensation and generous stock options Tier-1 medical, dental, and vision plan Our office (when it reopens) in one of the oldest, coolest buildings in Montreal’s Old Port A kitchen stocked with free drinks, snacks, fruit, wine & beer and more! Team get-togethers, video games and spontaneous Nerf gun wars Easy access by public transit or car, company bike rack & bike, in-house showers A fun team environment and the ability to quickly learn & grow 
ScrapedJobID258:
A highly competitive extended health and dental plans for you and your family A yearly RRSP contribution on company’s behalf, plus employee contribution matching program to help you grow your financial well-being An annual performance bonus Paid time off to volunteer and give back to the community, on your own or as a part of a group with your co-workers Free convenient parking, or choose the green transportation option and be paid for it Social Committee events almost every month, from potlucks, game nights and LAN parties to camping and skiing Substantially discounted membership to a local gym in the Selkirk area Awards and recognition for service and accomplishments Assistance with tuition or skills training relevant to your role …and most importantly, a genuinely great culture fostered by the senior management team and sustained by fantastic people! Design, estimate, review, test, debug, and document code. Support and guide our Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) processes Collaborate in Scrum meetings and help drive team activities Support and mentor others in their work efforts and outcomes Address software architectural considerations Monitor, assess, and address technical debt Address customer support and technical support issues, when needed Guide good coding practices and rules and identify items for improvement Engage in the desired feature goals and outcome 3+ years developing C# applications Proficient in C# Experienced in JavaScript, HTML, and CSS Knowledge of Vue, SOLID, and/or defensive programming a plus Familiar with Git, TFS, Visual Studio Enterprise class web applications Automated unit/functional testing Agile software development Strong communication skills Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field 
ScrapedJobID259:
Leading a team of developers working with designers, project managers and quality analysts to develop outstanding applications and games. Driving technical direction and feature breakdown for your project with your project manager. Working with the creative team to realize a design concept into implementation. Establishing software development practices for the team and collaborating with other project team leads to standardize them. Collaborating with clients on technical solutions. Experience in leading software development teams from concept of the project to delivery with Unity and C#. Strong understanding of all aspects of the software development lifecycle. Good communicator with the ability to work with people who encourage collaboration, cultivate new and innovative ideas and interact directly with clients Experience with AR/VR, mobile apps, desktop applications or games. Ability to find creative solutions to difficult problems. Experience with data modelling, handling, and visualization within an application. Experience with cloud development, IoT, simulation, or machine learning Experience with ARFoundation, ARKit or ARCore. 
ScrapedJobID260:
Gathering usability and user experience data through direct observation and other various methods; Conducting structured and semi-structured individual interviews with participants; Realizing autonomous research on specific subjects (eg comparative studies, heuristics, exploratory interviews, surveys) Administering and ensuring quality of user experience surveys; Participating in daily debriefs with the person in charge of the test; Conducting phone interviews to recruit participants based on a pre-established profile; Preprocessing qualitative data; Participating in test related tools improvement and validation (recruitment filter, notetaking tool, surveys…). Excellent written and oral communication skills in English and French; Minimum qualifying diploma : Bachelor’s degree in cognitive psychology, ergonomics, HCI or any other relevant field; Knowledge of user research is mandatory; Knowledge of individual interview techniques is mandatory; Training in Level/Game Design is an asset. Good knowledge of the video game industry; Master the Office suite (Excel, Word, PPT, etc.); Knowledge of mind mapping software is an asset; Basic knowledge in hardware & software installation and configuration; Be autonomous and resourceful; Good interpersonal skills and empathy; Team player; Excellent communication skills; Be curious, proactive and critical; Ability to follow a test protocol thoroughly; Be flexible and reactive; Excellent analytical skills; Be organized. 
ScrapedJobID261:
Create robust, high quality, maintainable and scalable backend code and services Significantly contribute to the InFlight product by making the technology more accessible to frontend developers Maintain and modernize existing platforms Evaluate emerging technologies to drive product and customer solutions Define, shape and drive technical requirements/development for future product iterations Champion best practices to make InFlight “better, faster, stronger”. The technical expertise. You have 3+ years working with: AWS Services (Compute, network, storage, database) HTTP, Web applications and services, REST JavaScript, Typescript Node.js, Express, Koa, NGINX HTML, JSON, XML Regular Expressions and CSS Selectors Source Control (Git) Experience in any of the following is an advantage: Docker containers Exposure to frameworks such as Angular, React or Vue.js Understanding of industry-accepted single sign-on technologies like SAML, OAuth, Kerberos, NTLM, HTTP header stuffing, etc. Fiddler or other developer tools to debug platform issues and solutions Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Are you legally entitled to work in Canada? (This question applies even for remote positions) * What is your availability to start? What are your salary expectations? Yes 
ScrapedJobID262:
Contribute to designing, developing, and implementing production “to-be” models aligned with our strategic orientations; Follow the transformation framework and provide feedback to improve it + guide and support project leaders across the organization; Coordinate program projects with sponsors; Oversee, support, and monitor multiple projects in parallel to ensure they’re progressing; Engage people around transformation projects through effective communication, trusting relationships, and a positive mindset; Carry out change impact analyses + propose actions that fit the Ubisoft culture and context; Proactively raise issues to stakeholders (like project leaders, sponsors, and the transformation leadership team) + guide them in implementing methods to prevent issues from becoming blockers; Support general management information needs: preparing presentations and developing agendas, inputs, outputs, and reports for transformation meetings, etc; Occasionally travel to visit other Ubisoft studios when need be. Significant experience in project management, consulting, or change management (Project Management accreditations like PMP, Lean Six Sigma, or SAFe, a plus); The capacity to work with diverse teams in multiple locations, engaging their input and commitment, and inspiring trust through your words and actions; A deep understanding of the obstacles that come with driving change in distributed environments; The ability to gather, assess, and prioritize requests from multiple sources + carry out adapted solutions; An inclusive and influential leadership style that allows you to rally people together; Familiarity with transformation management programs; French and English communication skills; Experience working with Microsoft Teams and in an Agile environment. A hybrid, flexible work model Six weeks of vacation An enhanced parental leave program Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefits Package: Disability Insurance Dental Insurance Extended medical insurance (Optional) RRSP contribution Relocation Assistance Bonus (If Applicable) 
ScrapedJobID263:
Élaborer et exécuter des plans de test pour trouver les défauts des fonctionnalités du jeu et en déterminer la source Collaborer avec l'équipe BGS de développement QA pour assurer un suivi rapide, précis et solide des demandes de développement/test. Initier des discussions avec les développeurs, les responsables et les producteurs concernant la progression des mises à jour et des suggestions. Contribuer et partager les connaissances des compétences de test pour optimiser l'efficacité de l'équipe. Develop and run test plans to find and root-cause defects in owned features (e.g. Quests, UI, engine, AI, etc.) Collaborate with the BGS Dev QA team on timely, accurate and robust follow-ups to dev/test requests Initiate discussion with developers, leads and producers on progress updates and suggestions Contribute and share knowledge of test proficiencies to optimize team effectiveness Tu aimes faire partie d'une équipe créative, dynamique et capable de résoudre des problèmes. Tu as plus d'un an d'expérience dans le domaine des tests de logiciels, de l'ingénierie ou de l'assurance qualité. Tu apportes une approche hautement collaborative, solidaire et innovante au travail d'équipe. Tu possèdes de solides compétences en matière de pensée critique, de communication et de relations interpersonnelles. You enjoy being part of a creative, dynamic, problem-solving team You have 1+ years of software testing, engineering, or relevant QA experience You bring a highly collaborative, supportive, and innovative approach to teamwork You possess strong critical thinking, communication, and interpersonal skills 
ScrapedJobID264:
Identify and record software defects Regress and verify bug fixes Concise and detailed data entry Create and execute test plans Work closely with developers to find solutions to identified defects Liaise with other members of the project team Identifying all material software defects High quality work delivered on time Good working relationships with teammates Passion for video games and the video games industry Extensive experience playing games on all platforms Experience and/or understanding of console, PC, and mobile game testing Self-motivated with a desire to learn and stay current with game development standards Ability to read requirements and build test cases or test plans Ability to prioritize and multi-task Excellent communication and organizational skills Teamwork and a professional attitude Familiarity with QA Testing within the video game industry Experience with defect management tools such as Jira, Microsoft TFS, VersionOne, HP ALM Experience in Automation and/or basic knowledge of different programming languages Strong knowledge of software development cycles High School Diploma 
ScrapedJobID265:
Working with the business to determine and streamline inefficiencies by leveraging scripts, programming languages, and/or associated tools Working with respective subject matter experts to establish efficiencies within their workstreams Collaborating with other KM ITS organizations to standardize on development efforts Participating in the development of processes, documentation, and training material Handling multiple assignments, managing priorities, and meeting strict deadlines Acting as an escalation point for their area of expertise Outstanding communicator with client first mentality Team player with an ability to work with multiple stakeholders and departments Committed to continuous professional development and training Innovative and passionate about technology and efficiency Experience with automation integration, testing, and deployment methodologies Experience with the following technology C# .Net 4.6+ Visual Studio 2015, 2017+ ASP.NET MVC, Web API, and REST API Entity Framework CSS JS/JQuery PowerShell SQL Server 2012+ Git, Gitlab Familiarity with Agile and Scrum methodologies Familiarity with Microsoft Azure / Office 365 College diploma or University Degree A collaborative, transparent, and engaging culture, working with awesome technology! Competitive salary and performance-based variable compensation Paid Professional Development time Plenty of vacation and personal days Flexible work options Lucrative employee referral program Employee benefits including RRSP matching and WorkPerks (corporate discounts on travel, fitness programs, and shopping!) Vibrant social crew to organize team events, fundraising, and community initiatives Endless opportunities to learn and grow Fully equipped gym facilities Rec room with pool table, foosball, and video games 
ScrapedJobID266:
A gamer: You know one key to mastering gameplay mechanics is playing games. A lot. You love it Passionate for developing core games: pushing boundaries is your thing, and you love taking and overcoming challenges A problem solver: You know a problem when you see one, and you also know that if you put on your blindfold, the problem will come back later and bite you and your fellow developers in the rear right before the next milestone’s deadline. So you get in there, look past the obvious solutions, dig deeper and get it out of the way Creative: You know gameplay programming requires creative talent in order to be fun in the end, and you are here to put yours to good use A team player: Being a brilliant team player, you love working with others towards a common goal, be it designers, artists or fellow techies. Achieving results is what matters most to you Keen on writing simple code that is easy to read, easy to debug, easy to maintain and easy to optimize Help define the feel of our core gameplay Dig deep into the codebase of our tech to improve existing systems Design and implement new gameplay features and systems from scratch for multiple, unannounced projects for PC and consoles Closely work together with the design team to bring the game’s design to life Surprise the team and the players by adding your very personal Mojo to the stuff you’re working on C++, Qt, Git, SVN, 3D Math At least 2 years of professional programming experience Helped shipping at least one title successfully 
ScrapedJobID267:
2+ years development with high-level languages (eg. C#, PHP, Java, JS, etc) 2+ years experience in Unity Game development experience (with one game released with live ops) Strong understanding of OO and modern software design principles A strong desire to build something that people really want Back-end/server development experience You have created applications serving thousands of people at a time Experience shipping social or mobile applications (iOS, Android, Facebook, etc), Experience with game optimization techniques Database experience Experience with AWS Working knowledge or experience with Unix/Linux Continuous integration and automated testing experience 2021 Best Workplace™ in British Columbia 2020 Best Workplaces™ in Canada – Less than 100 employees 2020 Best Workplaces™ for Inclusion 2020 Best Workplaces™ for Mental Wellness 2020 Best Workplaces™ in British Columbia 2019 Great Place to Work - British Columbia 2019 VIATEC Employer of the Year - Finalist 2018 VIATEC Company of the Year (11-49 Employees) - Winner 2018 VIATEC Employer of the Year - Finalist 2017 VIATEC Company of the Year (11-49 employees) - Finalist 2014 VIATEC Employer of the Year - Winner A results-driven company with a compassionate culture Health, dental and vision benefits Uncapped profit share program Opportunity to work on game projects that are enjoyed by millions of players worldwide! Ability to make a difference. Have an idea? Talk directly with leadership about it instead of running through layers of bureaucracy 
ScrapedJobID268:
You will be responsible for deployment and release of customer software on the Unit4 cloud platform; You will cooperate with Product Owners in definition of operational requirements and with Software Developers in creation and deployment of secure, stable and reliable solutions; You will help automate and streamline processes of software deployment and configuration management with support of scripting tools (i.e. PowerShell and JSON); You will be responsible for configuration management and infrastructure provisioning, performance and security monitoring of customer software and infrastructure; You will work in close interaction with Customer Support team in customer issues analysis, prioritization and resolution. You have a Bachelor or Masters degree in information technology or any other relevant area; You have +2 years’ experience in deployment of software applications and IT operations; Experience on automation and scripting languages (such as PowerShell), MS SQL and Windows operating systems; Knowledge of virtualization technologies, integration platforms (e.g. BizTalk, iCore) and configuration management is an advantage Experience in an customer-facing IT support capacity is an advantage; You are fluent in English. A culture built on trust. That’s why we offer our people an uncapped time off policy and remote working opportunities. We focus on results, not how many days you work or where that work takes place On-going learning & development opportunities and a chance to participate in our annual festival of learning Work, learn & be inspired by some of the best talent in the software space Talent program for high performers. Each year we provide a platform for high potential talent to accelerate their careers! Committed to corporate social responsibility with our Act4Good initiative, our global movement to do good, and a way for everyone at Unit4 to come together and engage in actions that benefit society Diversity4U. Helping our people thrive starts with a safe and inclusive work environment. We launched our Diversity4U program that builds on our “be genuine” value 
ScrapedJobID269:
Design, run, and analyze experiments independently Collaboratively develop novel learning algorithms Design and develop tools and processes to enable highly iterative experimentation Mentor team members in research and software development Identify and develop technologies required by the Alberta team Read and review papers Clearly communicate ideas, scientific conclusions, and experimental results both internally and externally through presentations, publications, and conferences Follow relevant advancements in the field MSc/MEng degree or equivalent experience, with keen interest and experience in artificial intelligence with demonstrated knowledge in one of: Reinforcement Learning, Sequential Decision Making, Continual learning, Neuroscience Additional research experience (commercial, academic, or other) Knowledge and experience of Python Experience in designing software systems or publishing research in these or related fields PhD degree in computing science or a related field, with a focus on Reinforcement Learning with additional experience leading research projects 
ScrapedJobID270:
This group performs some or all of the following duties: Computer programmers Write, modify, integrate and test software code Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications May lead and co-ordinate teams of computer programmers May research and evaluate a variety of software products. Interactive media developers Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive video games, Internet and mobile applications Program special effects software for film and video applications Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce, Internet and mobile applications Assist in the collection and documentation of user requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications May lead and co-ordinate teams of interactive media developers May research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products. Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID271:
You will be responsible for deployment and release of customer software on the Unit4 cloud platform; You will cooperate with Product Owners in definition of operational requirements and with Software Developers in creation and deployment of secure, stable and reliable solutions; You will help automate and streamline processes of software deployment and configuration management with support of scripting tools (i.e. PowerShell and JSON); You will be responsible for configuration management and infrastructure provisioning, performance and security monitoring of customer software and infrastructure; You will work in close interaction with Customer Support team in customer issues analysis, prioritization and resolution. You have a Bachelor or Masters degree in information technology or any other relevant area; You have +2 years’ experience in deployment of software applications and IT operations; Experience on automation and scripting languages (such as PowerShell), MS SQL and Windows operating systems; Knowledge of virtualization technologies, integration platforms (e.g. BizTalk, iCore) and configuration management is an advantage Experience in an customer-facing IT support capacity is an advantage; You are fluent in English. A culture built on trust. That’s why we offer our people an uncapped time off policy and remote working opportunities. We focus on results, not how many days you work or where that work takes place On-going learning & development opportunities and a chance to participate in our annual festival of learning Work, learn & be inspired by some of the best talent in the software space Talent program for high performers. Each year we provide a platform for high potential talent to accelerate their careers! Committed to corporate social responsibility with our Act4Good initiative, our global movement to do good, and a way for everyone at Unit4 to come together and engage in actions that benefit society Diversity4U. Helping our people thrive starts with a safe and inclusive work environment. We launched our Diversity4U program that builds on our “be genuine” value 
ScrapedJobID272:
Design, run, and analyze experiments independently Collaboratively develop novel learning algorithms Design and develop tools and processes to enable highly iterative experimentation Mentor team members in research and software development Identify and develop technologies required by the Alberta team Read and review papers Clearly communicate ideas, scientific conclusions, and experimental results both internally and externally through presentations, publications, and conferences Follow relevant advancements in the field MSc/MEng degree or equivalent experience, with keen interest and experience in artificial intelligence with demonstrated knowledge in one of: Reinforcement Learning, Sequential Decision Making, Continual learning, Neuroscience Additional research experience (commercial, academic, or other) Knowledge and experience of Python Experience in designing software systems or publishing research in these or related fields PhD degree in computing science or a related field, with a focus on Reinforcement Learning with additional experience leading research projects 
ScrapedJobID273:
This group performs some or all of the following duties: Computer programmers Write, modify, integrate and test software code Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications May lead and co-ordinate teams of computer programmers May research and evaluate a variety of software products. Interactive media developers Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive video games, Internet and mobile applications Program special effects software for film and video applications Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce, Internet and mobile applications Assist in the collection and documentation of user requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications May lead and co-ordinate teams of interactive media developers May research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products. Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID274:
Work closely with Lighting Lead, Virtual Production Developer and VFX Supe to develop realistic lighting solutions; Help guide the look and feel of lighting for each project; Perform look development of CG assets and characters; Help deliver solutions on integrating lighting setups into the existing pipelines; Take notes on work and offering creative or technical solutions to problems where necessary; Oversee and help optimize shots for rendering; Translate 2D concepts and use a wide variety of lighting techniques to capture the vision laid out by the Art Director; Work in-engine and own both the technical and creative problem spaces; Understand game engines and artistic direction to tackle the challenges that will impact lighting; Communicate and collaborate with various departments. Experience with in-engine lighting techniques and solutions (Unreal, Unity, Lumberyard); Demonstrable ability to communicate creative and technical thoughts and ideas; Ability to take directions and adaptable to change; Experience at improvising and problem-solving; Comfortability delivering on an expedited schedule. Excellent artistic skills, with a strong emphasis on real-world lighting/photography. Extended health care Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID275:
Write well-structured, clean and efficient code in accordance with requirements Prepare prototypes of gameplay ideas and features Participate in the design of the game Document technical specifications Review and optimize the game, maintain code, fix bugs and troubleshoot problems 3+ years experience professional game development Significant experience with Unity and C# Experience with one or more of: AI, 3D animation, shaders, free-to-play, location-based gaming Experience with Agile, JIRA, Confluence and GIT flow Familiarity with the latest gaming trends, techniques, best practices and technologies Strong problem-solving skills with a creative approach Excellent communication skills are a must BS degree in Computer Science or Game Dev 
ScrapedJobID276:
Collaborate with designers, engineers and product managers to understand and implement game features and system improvements Deliver high quality functional systems on timelines you commit to Have passion for games and with a focus on player experience Deftly navigate the balance between developing excellent software for a large player base with the need to manage a complex stack that is always live Collaborate with team members to produce and manage scalable architectures, game features and system improvements Take the lead in implementing key systems needed for scale & growth Define, identify and resolve performance/stability issues both for the client and server Work with awesome people just as passionate as you on projects they love Highly proficient in Unity and C#. Strong knowledge and experience in working with iOS and/or Android Knowledge of common data structures and algorithms Able to prioritize and handle multiple projects simultaneously Superb written and verbal communication skills Strong interest in video games Knowledge of rendering pipelines, VFX and shaders. A technology leader, with a proven record of developing and deploying complex software for cloud-based infrastructures An engineer who takes initiative and likes to have autonomy B.S. in Computer Science or equivalent 5+ years of commercial software development experience 
ScrapedJobID277:
Assemble finished digital collectibles using content delivered from the NBA on a regular cadence. QA the collectibles to ensure accuracy of the information and a high level of production quality. Maintain a steady flow of new content as games are played. Collaborate on the upcoming stream of collectibles and merchandising strategy. Create collections of content during the offseason. Extensive knowledge of the NBA, the players, it’s history and what fans want. Deep understanding of NBA fans and the culture of basketball. Excellent and up to date knowledge of basketball rules and terminology. Experience with sports collectibles/trading cards and the collector mindset. Proficient with computer data entry. Able to quickly learn and master custom computer tools and interfaces. Excellent verbal and written skill. Able to work evenings and weekends as needed. Confident team collaborator who is comfortable taking direction or setting direction. Solid communication skills with the ability to interact at all levels of management. 
ScrapedJobID278:
Provide technical design and architecture for CI/CD technology and workflows specifically for Real-time 2D/3D applications Mentor other team members and guide them in implementing standard methodology solutions Coordinate with TPM's to provide clear communication regarding tasking and work you're doing Work closely with product managers to ensure our products are technically feasible and provide an outstanding experience Technology areas of focus are pipeline automation/orchestration, VM/container management, test management and artifact management Proven programming skills in your favorite language, even if it isn't our own Significant technical experience through all phases of development Experience mentoring engineers to improve their skills and make them more effective Experience with CI/CD Play a key role in crafting technical solutions that focus on system performance and reliability at scale Confirmed game experience Experience working with cloud platforms (GCP, AWS, or Azure) Experience with Node.js, Golang, Postgres, C#, GCP, Kubernetes is helpful 
ScrapedJobID279:
Development of cluster backend services and frontend interfaces. Development of cluster backend services and frontend interfaces. Development of tests and test harnesses. Technical design documentation writing and part taking in agile / lean development planning. Code reviews and occasional supervision of interns. Keeping up to date on relevant technologies that include distributed systems, microservices and frontend frameworks. Assisted technical decision making and helping to drive the quality bar higher. Minimum 2+ years of progressively complex related experience. Minimum 2+ years of progressively complex related experience. B.Sc. in Computer Science, B.Eng. Computer Engineering, equivalent degrees or self-taught. Experience developing in C# or Java (or JVM languages), and JS (and/or TypeScript).• Good understanding of large-scale backend clusters. Fair understanding of modern frontend technologies such as React or Angular. Some understanding of SOLID design principles. Experience with unit tests and usage of CI infrastructure. Good knowledge of data structures, algorithms and to some degree scalability. Proven problem-solving skills. Can break down complex problems into simple solutions. Great communication, organization and collaboration skills. Capable of working in a team environment & independently, of working remotely & on-site. Adept in fast-paced environments, multi-tasking and attention to detail. Opportunity to grow and develop professionally. Competitive salary with health care and sport packages. Creative and international working environment. Modern office with game consoles, VR setup and access to all note-worthy VR experiences. 
ScrapedJobID280:
According to the Deloitte Fast 50 and Deloitte Fast 500, respectively. Write and test code that is performant, scalable, maintainable and meets functional requirements Collaborate with software developers, designers and product managers to build and drive innovation in our products Participate in code reviews and brown bags to help nurture a culture of growth and learning within the organization Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent 5+ years experience working in a similar or related role Strong knowledge and experience with JavaScript and NodeJS (experience with TypeScript and Python is an asset) Strong knowledge and experience with AWS (especially Elastic Beanstalk, DynamoDB, and ElastiCache) Experience with Docker, Kubernetes and related container technologies a strong asset Great verbal and written communication skills Ability to work independently or in a group setting Generous stock option package We match 100% of your contribution to your retirement plan up to $4000 annually Monthly public transportation stipend Annual gym membership stipend Dialogue membership - unlimited free video calls and texts with nurses and doctors anytime - they’ll even help you book IRL appointments 4 weeks of vacation and 5 sick/personal days Weekly happy hour Frequent team outings and off-sites Private healthcare - includes massages 
ScrapedJobID281:
Lead the development of the annual gross margin budget, financial forecasts, and long-term strategy planning cycles for a portfolio of titles under Executive Publisher ownership. Assess and propose title potential at Macro Region level with corresponding marketing investment. Understand market dynamics, business trends, and competitive landscape to assess impact on financial performance of supported titles. Benchmark against historical data for comparative titles (external / Internal) to determine overall ambition. Provide “real-time” finance analytical support to Executive Publisher. Act as trusted advisor, applying business judgment and financial insights to enable data-driven business decisions related to product life cycle and roadmap Collaborate and coordinate with Executive Publisher and transversal teams to understand and validate underlying business assumptions and assess risks and opportunities for title portfolio performance Work cross functionally with Production studios to understand product roadmap, game strategy and events impacting acquisition. Lead financial modeling for production gates on behalf of Publishing Synthesize data from various sources to develop complex financial analyses and models to assess financial viability of potential deals, valuation, and cannibalization impact Measure the impact and track performance of acquisition tactics, proactively work with pricing and sales team to recommend strategies to boost sales performance to Executive Publisher Support and present executive- level analysis to Executive Publisher and Sr. Leadership team. Strong bias towards action, enjoy finding patterns amidst chaos, and have demonstrated success in using analytics to drive business impact Technical skills to surface insights quickly, and interpersonal skills to communicate those insights in a way that persuades action Advance Excel skills and data manipulation of large, multi-dimensional data sets Strong analytical skills and business judgment to model sophisticated scenarios and apply insights to strategy and planning Excellent business partnering and communication skills, with a proven track record of working across all levels of the organization Your CV, your expertise and/or related experience and skills. 
ScrapedJobID282:
Interact with shop floor and design personnel for engineering issues/drawing updates to aid in machine build activities Ensure all work activities are completed according to the procedures or best practice Maintain quality, generate issues lists related to the equipment, and provide that feedback to the necessary departments Build to print activities, including mechanical assembly, plumbing, guarding assembly, etc. Develop tools to the point that customer parts are being produced within the required geometric tolerances and within the required cycle time Work within the project team to provide feedback to engineering to improve machine build efficiency and reduce cost Utilize fundamentals in machine build practices and GD&T analysis to help engineering design equipment that will be cost effective and meet our customer needs Travel to customer sites to install or service equipment at their facility, and be part of the team that starts up the equipment and completes the job onsite High School diploma or GED Must have 10+ years of experience in one of the following trades: Machinist, Tool & Die, Millwright or equivalent Experience in building and trouble-shooting automated assembly equipment Forklift and Fall Arrest Licenses are preferred Experience with mills, lathes and other tool room equipment Experience/general understanding of hydraulics and pneumatics Experience with interpretation of mechanical and fluid power schematic drawings Experience working to close tolerances and making equipment adjustments to meet those tolerances Experience working in a high-pressure environment with dynamic requirements Competitive salary and profit-sharing bonus Comprehensive Group Health & Dental Benefit Plan Employee assistance and wellness programs Employee training, development, tuition and professional fees reimbursement Subsidized onsite café with takeout meals by Gus, the best chef ever. Partial tuition reimbursement for employees’ children enrolled in technical program at recognized Canadian college/university Annual performance review Safe, professional work environment Casual business dress $3,000 (Senior) $2,000 (Intermediate) and $1,000 (Junior) referral fees if you recommend an approved permanent hire – family & friends included Safety shoes and safety glasses reimbursement Prodomax Employee Excellence Recognition (PEER) Awards 
ScrapedJobID283:
Design, develop and test customer-driven features for Houdini's Procedural Dependency Graph (PDG) and Task Operators (TOPs) Enhance PDG’s readiness for optimal, large-scale cloud deployment Maintain and improve TOPs, including its UI frontend and user-facing APIs Maintain up-to-date knowledge on techniques and current practices in the area of software development, computer science, computer graphics, visual effects and games Ensure a high level of quality and performance in the developed code architecture and features, with an emphasis on long term viability and superior user experience Work on special projects and other strategic and technical opportunities as may be assigned Support film and game studios using PDG in production Other duties as assigned Adjustments will be made to enable duties & responsibilities to be met working remotely considering the current Covid-19 pandemic situation. 2+ years of professional software development experience Computer Science degree or equivalent industry experience, with a record of academic and professional excellence Strong knowledge of modern C++ programming Strong knowledge of Python programming Ability to learn independently, think fast, and use solid judgement Ability to work well independently and in a nimble team environment Excellent communication and presentation skills Positive, professional demeanor Working knowledge of Houdini and PDG Working knowledge of Qt Experience with network and cloud computing Parallel programming experience Cross-platform development experience Games or film industry experience Hybrid Work option - A great office in Downtown Toronto (right across from Union station) with the flexibility to work from home (most roles). You can help us test out our Hybrid Pilot Project 3 weeks’ vacation to relax and re-energize Health insurance coverage including a Health Service Spending Account (HSSA only for Canadian employees), for you and your dependents (only permanent employees) Employee Assistance Program (EAP); because sometimes we need a bit of extra support Retirement Plan with company matched contributions (only permanent employees) A highly competitive bonus structure (only permanent employees) A generous sick time entitlement to care for yourself and your loved ones Because you want to be part of a unique experience and winning team that has won an Oscar and an Emmy (Cool, right?) Because you want to be part of an industry-leading company that is constantly mindfully growing Because you want to work with some of the most talented people in the industry on a ground-breaking product Because you want to work with people from all around the world Because you want to be part of an exciting and fun industry Because you want to join and add to a positive, supportive and respected company culture Because you want your job to be GREAT! Location
Toronto, Ontario Department
Research and Development Employment Type
Full-Time 
ScrapedJobID284:
Designing, developing, optimizing and maintaining the Company’s Houdini-Maya Plugin and its related ecosystem of software components. Contributing to other features of the Company’s 2D and 3D animation software products using C++ programming language and other languages as required, such as Python and VEX. Ensuring a high level of quality and performance in the developed code architecture and features, with an emphasis on long term viability and superior user experience. Debugging and fixing product deficiencies (bugs). Supporting multiple hardware platforms. Working on special projects and other strategic and technical opportunities as may be assigned. Maintaining up to date knowledge on techniques and current practices in the area of software development, computer science, computer graphics, visual effects and games. Assisting, as required, in product support or product sales and marketing activities as beneficial to the interest of the company. Traveling on Company business to participate in various events, sales calls, presentations, meetings and other activities (not expected to exceed 15% of the time). Seeking opportunities to protect the company’s intellectual property through the identification of patentable innovations and through the filing of patents. Participating in conferences (e.g. Siggraph and GDC) in the form of papers, panels, sketches, courses, etc., to enhance the company’s reputation as a leading innovator in computer graphics, visual effects, and games. Managing and mentoring of co-op, junior or intermediate software developers. Ensuring a high level of cooperation and collaboration with peers and managers. Other duties as assigned. Adjustments will be made to enable duties & responsibilities to be met working remotely considering the current Covid-19 pandemic situation. Extensive knowledge and experience creating plugins and scripts for Maya Computer Science degree or equivalent A record of academic and professional excellence Strong knowledge of C++ and Python programming Experience in software architecture and design Ability to learn independently, think fast, and use solid judgement Ability to draw from varied technologies and innovate at a fast rate Excellent problem-solving skills Ability to work well independently and in a nimble team environment Excellent verbal and written communication Experience in the film or game industry Relevant contribution to large scale software architecture and development Multi-threaded, multi-platform development and optimization User interface design (workflow, look, and feel) Proficient in HOM, OpenCL, CUDA, GLSL Familiarity with Houdini or related 3D software Hybrid Work option - A great office in Downtown Toronto (right across from Union station) with the flexibility to work from home (most roles). You can help us test out our Hybrid Pilot Project 3 weeks’ vacation to relax and re-energize Health insurance coverage including a Health Service Spending Account (HSSA only for Canadian employees), for you and your dependents (only permanent employees) Employee Assistance Program (EAP); because sometimes we need a bit of extra support Retirement Plan with company matched contributions (only permanent employees) A highly competitive bonus structure (only permanent employees) A generous sick time entitlement to care for yourself and your loved ones Because you want to be part of a unique experience and winning team that has won an Oscar and an Emmy (Cool, right?) Because you want to be part of an industry-leading company that is constantly mindfully growing Because you want to work with some of the most talented people in the industry on a ground-breaking product Because you want to work with people from all around the world Because you want to be part of an exciting and fun industry Because you want to join and add to a positive, supportive and respected company culture Because you want your job to be GREAT! 
ScrapedJobID285:
Work closely with the Cinematic Director, Animation Team, Cinematic Designers along with other departments to create our Cinematics and scripted events; Work in coordination with animation lead to help mentor and build collaboration within the team; Enhance and polish character performances (body and facial) from video and motion capture; Must have an excellent understanding of the animation principles (Posing, timing, balance and weight) to create realistic and believable key-frame animations; Construct previs from story scripts and storyboards, and can create scene layouts, staging, camera and editing; Communicate with the Cinematic and Animation Directors for reviews and feedback; Work closely with Cinematic Designers and the animation TD to ensure the quality of the integration of the animations; Detect inconsistencies or bugs and validate that the cinematic scene plays correctly; Carry out all other related tasks. College diploma in game-oriented 3D animation technique or equivalent training or experience; 3+ years of experience in video game animation or any other relevant experience. Excellent grasp for storytelling, acting and cinematography; Understanding of cinematic or feature animation production pipelines and workflows; Relevant 2D and 3D software experience - Motionbuilder, Maya, 3DSMax, Photoshop, Premiere, Final Cut; Good collaboration with members of the animation team and other team members on the project; Must be open to direction, criticism and able to accept change; Extensive animation experience with hand-keyed disciplines, experience with motion capture a plus; Attention to detail and expertise in solving technological problems. A hybrid, flexible work model Six weeks of vacation An enhanced parental leave program Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefits Package: 
ScrapedJobID286:
Create jobs for extraction, transformation, and loading of data from various data sources using SQL, NoSQL, Map-Reduce, and other technologies. Working with stakeholders to understand project data requirements. Creating ingestors for new data sources. Expanding and improving existing PySpark implementation. Optimizing data warehouse for performant querying. Work with the data platform team to recommend data platform improvements based on project needs. Identify commonalities across disparate projects to reduce redundant ETL jobs. A Bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer engineering, or related field/experience. Experience in end-to-end design of data engineering solutions combined with knowledge of data architectures. Knowledge of data lake, data warehousing, and ETL concepts, including knowledge and experience running ETL pipelines of multiple sources. This is an intermediate position requiring demonstrated knowledge and skill in the following areas: Object-oriented programming ETL development, including the map-reduce paradigm Unit testing SCM tools (Git, TFS, or similar) Back-end services development Documentation writing PostgreSQL ETL Concepts Data Warehousing Python Apache Spark, Linux MapReduce Big Data Concepts SCM Tools Create Exceptional Experiences. Think like a customer, colleague, partner, and stakeholder. Strive to go above and beyond and have a positive impact on others. Drive to Succeed. Be purposeful and accountable. Persevere through challenges and seek ways to enable success. Operate with speed, agility, and excellence. Empower and Lead. Take the initiative and be proactive. Identify problems quickly and help tackle them. Have a voice, share ideas, and give constructive feedback. Encourage others to do the same. Disrupt Creatively. Be curious, explore ideas without bias, and fearlessly try new things. Foster innovation with diversity of thought. Merit ideas, not titles, and learn from failure. Cultivate Relationships. Build credibility and influence with integrity, honesty, and commitment. Seek win-win outcomes and lead with transparency and high ethical standards. Raise the Bar. Continually improve and grow. Build for the future, develop capability, and help others to learn. Take risks and aim high. Don’t iterate when you can change the game. Play as a Team. Navigate with genuine, care, respect, and inclusiveness. Create momentum through collaborative partnerships. Celebrate successes and have fun. Competitive compensation package, including benefits. Open vacation program with unlimited vacation days. Inclusive, collaborative culture. Social initiatives and virtual events until we are back in the office to battle in our games room (we call it Vegas) and face-off in ping pong, foosball, darts, and board games. Organized fun time – Debate a book in the book club, go for a jog with the running club or join in a lunchtime game of soccer, baseball, hockey, even golf! 
ScrapedJobID287:
Develop a cutting-edge online platform and efficient online services in collaboration with game production teams and other Harbour partners. Analyze and break down feature requests and provide solutions that are realistic, robust, and achievable. Work within time and resource constraints. Collaborate with many production and support teams in Montreal and around the world. Improve our product by identifying and fixing bugs reported by our partners. Document your work. Remain informed of the latest technological advancements in online services and games. Experience with Go, C# or C++ programming Experience with online service development Keen interest in microservice development, cloud technologies, and working with a DevOps mindset Ability to learn quickly Autonomy and resourcefulness Interpersonal and communication skills A collaborative spirit Experience in the development and operation of online services or games Experience with Docker and Kubernetes Experience in AWS, Google Cloud or Azure services and hosted infrastructures Database programming (SQL and NoSQL) Development experience on Sony and Microsoft consoles 
ScrapedJobID288:
Contribute to designing, developing, and implementing production “to-be” models aligned with our strategic orientations; Follow the transformation framework and provide feedback to improve it + guide and support project leaders across the organization; Coordinate program projects with sponsors; Oversee, support, and monitor multiple projects in parallel to ensure they’re progressing; Engage people around transformation projects through effective communication, trusting relationships, and a positive mindset; Carry out change impact analyses + propose actions that fit the Ubisoft culture and context; Proactively raise issues to stakeholders (like project leaders, sponsors, and the transformation leadership team) + guide them in implementing methods to prevent issues from becoming blockers; Support general management information needs: preparing presentations and developing agendas, inputs, outputs, and reports for transformation meetings, etc; Occasionally travel to visit other Ubisoft studios when need be. Significant experience in project management, consulting, or change management (Project Management accreditations like PMP, Lean Six Sigma, or SAFe, a plus); The capacity to work with diverse teams in multiple locations, engaging their input and commitment, and inspiring trust through your words and actions; A deep understanding of the obstacles that come with driving change in distributed environments; The ability to gather, assess, and prioritize requests from multiple sources + carry out adapted solutions; An inclusive and influential leadership style that allows you to rally people together; Familiarity with transformation management programs; French and English communication skills; Experience working with Microsoft Teams and in an Agile environment. A hybrid, flexible work model Six weeks of vacation An enhanced parental leave program Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefits Package: Disability Insurance Dental Insurance Extended medical insurance (Optional) RRSP contribution Relocation Assistance Bonus (If Applicable) 
ScrapedJobID289:
Work closely with the Research & Development team to add new functionality to our existing suite of web applications. Help to design and build new applications to take advantage of new data and video sources, technologies, internal research, or to enable other organizational initiatives. Contribute to code review, software testing, documentation and maintenance of internal tools and other collaborative software engineering tasks. Participate in technical decision-making that will shape the next generation of the Blue Jays’ baseball systems. Professional developer with experience designing and building web applications or other software. Highly proficient with at least one general purpose programming language (Python, Ruby, Java, C#, PHP or similar). Experienced in foundational front-end web technologies (HTML, CSS and Javascript). Good understanding of database development and data architecture principles, strong working knowledge of SQL (especially MS SQL Server or PostgreSQL). Effective communicator – able to communicate with non-technical users to understand their roles and requirements and proposes appropriate solutions. Strong problem-solving skills – finds pragmatic solutions to data and engineering challenges within time or technology constraints. Attentive to detail – anticipates and identifies issues early, strives to produce reliable and high quality work. Invested in learning and gaining new skills, both technical and non-technical. Passion for baseball and an interest in statistical and analytics aspects of the game. Web application frameworks such as Django, Flask, Rails or similar. Data visualization using libraries such as D3, plotly, Three.js, or ggplot. Front-end Javascript frameworks such as React, Angular or Vue. DevOps and CI/CD experience such as Azure DevOps, Github Actions or similar. Data manipulation, modelling and visualization in R or Python. Experience with cloud services (Azure, AWS, GCP). R or Python package development and distribution. Unix/Linux system administration and shell scripting. 
ScrapedJobID290:
Développer des plans de test, des scripts de test d'automatisation, des tests de régression et utiliser des scénarios de test pour les fonctionnalités de l’application. Effectuer un contrôle qualité manuel si nécessaire. Maintenir et développer les pipelines CI/CD. Créer et développer des scripts de déploiement. Fournir des outils pour améliorer les processus de développement et de sortie de fonctionnalités. Traduire les test cases fonctionnels en test cases automatisés. Définir des normes de qualité et continuellement collecter des mesures pour assurer la qualité. Mettre en place des outils qui vérifient le bon fonctionnement de l'application (notifications, courriels, etc.). Mettre en place des environnements autonomes en utilisant des conteneurs et des VM. Créer des environnements dans le cloud pour les tests. Apporter l'expertise auprès de l'équipe en matière d'automatisation et d'assurance qualité. Expérience en tests d'applications web à l'aide de Selenium. Expérience avec JavaScript et HTML/CSS. Expérience en rédaction de plans de test automatisés. Expérience avec le CI/CD (Azure DevOps). Expérience en création de tests de régression automatisés. Experience avec YAML, PowerShell, Docker, IIS/Windows. Maîtrise de C# et de .Net Core. Expérience avec les services Azure Cloud (administration, déploiement, etc.). Expérience avec Azure DevOps. Expérience avec les conteneurs (Docker). Expérience de travail dans un environnement Agile. Expérience antérieure dans un rôle similaire, consistant à fournir une expertise à une équipe en matière d'automatisation et d'assurance qualité. Connaissance des meilleures pratiques pour tester un logiciel (évolutivité, adaptabilité, performances, etc.). Un horaire flexible de 37,5h/semaine La possibilité de travailler dans le confort de ta maison, quand le projet le permet évidemment (en télétravail à 100% jusqu’à nouvel ordre, et en moyenne à 50% par la suite) Un régime de retraite et un programme d’assurances complet Des congés supplémentaires à Noël! Un stationnement gratuit Événements sociaux. Que dirais-tu de tir à l'arc, de lancer de la hache, ou de jeux vidéo en équipe en télétravail? Et bien plus Develop test plans, create automation test scripts, operate regression testing and operate test cases for new/existing features and releases. Translate functional test cases into maintainable automated test cases. Maintain and develop CI/CD pipelines. Create and develop deployment scripts. Provide tools to enhance the development and the release processes. Define standards of quality and continuously collect metrics to ensure quality. Establish tools to monitor the health of the application (notifications, emails, etc.). Set up standalone environments using containers and VMs. Perform manual QA when required. Create cloud environments for testing. Responsible to provide leadership and expertise to the team regarding automation and QA Experience with testing web applications using Selenium. Experience with JavaScript and HTML/CSS. Experience with writing automated test plans. Experience with CI/CD (Azure DevOps). Experience with creating automated regression tests. Experience with YAML, PowerShell, Docker, IIS/Windows. Proficient usage of C# and .Net Core. Experience with Azure Cloud Services (administration, deployment, etc.). Experience with Azure DevOps. Experience with containers (Docker). Experience working in Agile environment. Previous experience in a similar role, providing expertise to a team regarding automation and QA. Knowledge of the best practices to test a software (scalability, adaptability, performance, etc.). A flexible 37.5 hours/week schedule Ability to work in your comfy clothes from home, well, when the project allows for it of course (working 100% remotely until further notice, and an average of 50% afterwards) A comprehensive group insurance plan and retirement savings plan Extra days off at Christmas! Free parking Fun social events. Archery anyone? Or when working remotely, playing video games as a team? And much more! 
ScrapedJobID291:
Gathering usability and user experience data through direct observation and other various methods; Conducting structured and semi-structured individual interviews with participants; Realizing autonomous research on specific subjects (eg comparative studies, heuristics, exploratory interviews, surveys) Administering and ensuring quality of user experience surveys; Participating in daily debriefs with the person in charge of the test; Conducting phone interviews to recruit participants based on a pre-established profile; Preprocessing qualitative data; Participating in test related tools improvement and validation (recruitment filter, notetaking tool, surveys…). Excellent written and oral communication skills in English and French; Minimum qualifying diploma : Bachelor’s degree in cognitive psychology, ergonomics, HCI or any other relevant field; Knowledge of user research is mandatory; Knowledge of individual interview techniques is mandatory; Training in Level/Game Design is an asset. Good knowledge of the video game industry; Master the Office suite (Excel, Word, PPT, etc.); Knowledge of mind mapping software is an asset; Basic knowledge in hardware & software installation and configuration; Be autonomous and resourceful; Good interpersonal skills and empathy; Team player; Excellent communication skills; Be curious, proactive and critical; Ability to follow a test protocol thoroughly; Be flexible and reactive; Excellent analytical skills; Be organized. 
ScrapedJobID292:
You work closely with artists and designers, which gives you a deep understanding of the real needs behind their requests. Your problem-solving skills and your ingenuity allow you to find the most appropriate solutions. You frequently make suggestions to improve systems and you maintain clear documentation. You routinely collaborate with your fellow programmers and tool support specialists to resolve bugs that arise. You both share your innovations with and learn from your peers in the tools community at the studio. A bachelor’s degree in computer science or computer engineering or equivalent At least 3 years of experience in software programming, ideally in the video game industry or any other relevant experience Excellent proficiency in various programming languages, especially C# (WPF) and C++ Good analytical and synthesis skills + attention to detail Ability to work as part of a team + good interpersonal and communication skills Autonomy, curiosity and resourcefulness that motivate you to go talk to people Flexibility in the organization of your work, allowing you to adapt to changes. A hybrid, flexible work model Six weeks of vacation An enhanced parental leave program Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefits Package:
Disability Insurance
Dental Insurance
Extended medical insurance
(Optional) RRSP contribution
Relocation Assistance
Bonus (If Applicable) Disability Insurance Dental Insurance Extended medical insurance (Optional) RRSP contribution Relocation Assistance Bonus (If Applicable) 
ScrapedJobID293:
Work in a cross-disciplinary collaborative role at the intersection of robotics and gaming/simulation Lead the software development of authoring tools for simulation development with haptic feedback controllers within Unreal Engine and Unity Collaborate with researchers developing simulation and optimization tools to improve haptic system performance Strong understanding of physics engines Working within agile / scrum methodology Worked at AAA studio or lead the development at an independent studio Worked on serious games / simulations Graduate degree in software engineering/computer science Mechatronics or mixed Hardware/Software environment experience Deploying and maintaining software systems Setting up and using CI / CD Writting drivers Network programming Operating systems Concurrency Self-motivated Organized Product focused Unreal Engine Unity C/C++ C# 
ScrapedJobID294:
Work under the direction of the Training Curriculum Manager and assigned SMEs to develop an instructor-led, role-based, course curriculum for the targeted personas. Design, develop, and maintain course materials across various products and delivery channels including virtual instructor-led and self-paced learning. Work closely with Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) in Product Management, Customer Success, Professional Services, and Product Support to ensure training is aligned with business needs. Enable Product Training team to teach new and existing training courses. Create validation activities to measure learning attainment of course objectives. Facilitate courses occasionally Bachelor's Degree in Technical Communications, English, Education, Computer Science, Instructional Design or equivalent field. A Master's Degree in Instructional Design or a related field is desirable. 3+ years experience designing, developing, and maintaining software training programs Excellent analytical and writing skills with a demonstrated aptitude for creating instructional content for both a technical audience and a business user audience. Ability to quickly learn industry terminology, processes, and systems Proven ability to work effectively with subject matter experts and stakeholders Flexible, collaborative, team-oriented individual who shows initiative and holds themselves accountable. Excellent leadership, communication, and project management skills Background in Life Sciences and/or Veeva products Background in the SaaS domain Graphic design skills Conveniently located in downtown Toronto Snacks, beverages, and weekly lunches from local restaurants Team events and rec league sports teams Allocations for continuous learning & development Health & wellness programs Weekly yoga classes Ping pong and other games 
ScrapedJobID295:

ScrapedJobID296:
Play a part in the delivery of high-quality testable software, from requirement analysis to implementation and acceptance testing. Implement automated tests for a database-driven web application. Participate in test plan creation and ensure comprehensive test coverage of features. Join the team’s code review process in an active and timely fashion. Take part in the resolution of production issues and work with team members, including Technical Support teams, to see the resolution through to completion. Collaborate with fellow team members across all roles to deliver on a shared responsibility for quality. Assist in product roadmap discussions and implementation. Follow the mentorship of full-time team members. Participate in initiatives that make us stronger as a team (e.g. internal dash-boarding, metrics for our success in production, improved build processes). Contribute ideas and effort for continuous improvement for the team, in its Agile process and in its general team effectiveness. Experience with relational databases and SQL Understanding of HTML, CSS and DOM A passion for software quality Knowledge of QA processes and methodologies Co-op/intern or other industry experience in software is a plus Competitive salary for co-op's in the technology and software industry. Work life balance – Our world-wide team supports each other so that your evenings and weekends are actually your own. A hybrid/remote work week, which gives you more flexibility to work from the location that is best for you. Regular team events that range from digital puzzles and video games to drive-ins and donut parties. Access to learning and skills development platforms as well as mentorship opportunities for all program participants. 
ScrapedJobID297:
Develop innovative solutions by improving and customizing our "Out of the box" functionalities above customers expectations and that will fit with all their systems. Deploy the solution so it connects with the customer's systems in place: that means on premise for some, in the cloud for others and even a mix of both for specific customers… Configure and optimize our solution so it consolidates information and ensures features, functionalities and plug-ins Fine-tune their relevance rankings so that the list of results is contextualized for users Transform our users' experience with intuitive and easy-to-use customizable interfaces and JavaScript libraries implementation. These will allow Coveo to naturally fit with the client's systems. 4+ years of experience and very strong coding skills with JavaScript, Typescript, Python, and HTML/CSS. C# and Java are a plus. Experience in web applications deployment (AWS, Azure, IIS, etc.) in a Windows or Cloud environment. Data normalization and field mapping are concepts that you are familiar with Entrepreneurial spirit, you feel you achieve so much more by working along with a customer or partner than alone between four walls. Consulting and/or client facing experience, understand the importance of timely communications and see value in collaborating with colleagues to find the best possible solution We can count on you to take leadership and ownership of a project. You have the ability to prioritize and work under pressure in a structured, resourceful and thorough manner 
ScrapedJobID298:
Work as part of an Agile development team to write, test and release Java applications Maintain and extend client-side (JavaScript) and server-side (Java) applications that are responsible for business logic and integration. Backend development pertaining to the block chain Up-to-date knowledge of software test design and testing methodologies. Being involved in the research, design, development, testing and documenting block chain technologies Brainstorm and evaluate applications for new tools and technologies Participate in code reviews and business/technical discussions Assist with the triaging of defects and bringing them to resolution Assist the Agile team with the estimating, planning and prioritizing of work with Product Owners and Architects Be an active participant in all Agile processes On-call expectation Experience developing smart contracts Experience developing interactive front-end designs for Decentralized applications (Dapps) Experience building and deploying containerized applications under Docker/Ansible/Kubernetes an asset Working knowledge of Postgres databases an asset University degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience with demonstrated progressive responsibilities 5+ years experience in Java web application development (JSP, Servlets, Spring, etc.) Experience with Spring framework, Spring Boot, Docker, Ansible, GitLab, CI/CD, Angular, Bootstrap, NodeJS or other TypeScript Frameworks a plus. 4+ years experience with frontend technologies (JavaScript, jQuery, HTML5/CSS, Responsive Web Design) 4+ years experience with Linux Minimum 2 years experience with Agile methodologies Experience working with open-source projects Strong working knowledge of SQL Proven ability to write well-documented, high performance, reliable, maintainable code In-depth experience with object-oriented design/development Knowledge of data structures and block chain architecture Excellent ability to learn new technologies quickly Must work collaboratively with other departments and all levels within the organization Commitment to delivering high quality solutions in an Agile, team-focused environment Excellent verbal and written communication skills Creative/Innovative thinker Strong analytical, problem resolution and decision-making skills 
ScrapedJobID299:
You will start your day following scrum rituals where you’ll provide and request updates from your squad in order to identify blockers, align with the sprint goal and move on in an agile matter. You take a look at the custom-built AWS health dashboard to make sure nothing is off and you dig a bit into the logs within Datadog, then you create a JIRA ticket as needed. Time to open up your IDE and add an enhancement to our existing platform: a form within our platform needs to have additional fields. You expand both the JS code, the CSS, and the PHP linked to it. Then, time to jump into the new stuff and become one of the masterminds behind a microservice -powered architecture. You are planning a micro-frontend and thinking about how to publish a library which will provide re-usable components to the tribe. After lunch, you make time to review pull requests and provide valuable feedback to your squad team members. Time to talk about “Clean Code”, SOLID principles, Test-Driven-development (TDD) and analyze if the technical solution will scale. Every now and then, you’ll join a meeting and talk about user-centric features planned by the Product team and collaborate with them in terms of usability, feasibility, planning and implementation. Lastly, you take some time at the end of the day to prepare for the upcoming tribe meeting where you want to showcase a new library that comes in handy to minify the code before we push this to our CDN. It helps to have a strong background in PHP and JavaScript and some frameworks and libraries related to these (ideally, Laravel, jQuery and Vue.js) but any other programming background is welcomed as long as you have experience in backend and frontend. You believe in the value of tests, be it unit, integration, acceptance or other, and you constantly deliver these alongside high quality and S.O.L.I.D code when needed. You can build end to end features without external support, and you are able to think about the functionality, security and scalability of your solution. You have some knowledge of AWS services, but mostly, you understand the importance of monitoring and how it fits into your code. You are aware of the strong points for microservices, event-driven and serverless architectures, as well as its pain points. You value and seek individual contributions and independence, but understand team deliverables have a larger and stronger impact. You are perfectly comfortable with a “you build it, you own it” mindset. And you understand your responsibilities continue after you push code to production. If you believe you are missing any of the above items, we strongly encourage you to apply as we seek talented individuals that don’t necessarily fit a mold, but rather help us achieve our engineering and company goals. Work alongside super talented and friendly people that like to drive innovation Competitive salary & vacation packages Access to 24/7 on demand online healthcare service Generous referral program Year-round events, from massive to casual and everything in between Beautiful office right near Namur metro 
ScrapedJobID300:
Implementing a new functionality for the SimSolid Cloud application Debugging and fixing issues in the existing code Helping with the architecture and design of the application Improving security, scalability and robustness of the application Optimizing the code to improve the performance and to reduce the memory usage Working closely with QA team during testing Strong knowledge of ASP.NET/C# Strong knowledge of JavaScript Strong knowledge of C++ Knowledge of Ext JS framework Knowledge of Three.js framework Knowledge of Qt framework Knowledge of MongoDB database Envision the Future Communicate Honestly and Broadly Seek Technology and Business “Firsts” Embrace Diversity and Take Risks Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefit Package Outstanding Work/Life Balance Flex Time Group RSP Employee Stock Purchase Program Paid Vacation & Paid Holidays Paid Time Off for Community Service Collaborative environment Charitable Matching Program Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID301:
Join a team to develop the world's most immersive training simulator for the petroleum industry. Work under the lead programmer to add new features as requested by clients Bachelor degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent professional experience 2+ years working on Unity3D in C# as a software developer or game developer Excellent references and coding samples Knowledge of petroleum engineering Unity3D experience in C# Knowledge of advanced mathematics or physics Knowledge of computational modelling techniques Unity3D: 2 years Software Developer Software Engineer Software Programmer Game Developer Gameplay Programmer Game Development C# Programmer C# Developer Unity 3D Unity3D Unity Software Engineering 
ScrapedJobID302:
Build cloud streaming technology that allows users to design, visualize and collaborate on content in real time across mobile, desktop, AR and VR platforms Own the development and maintenance of features, coordinating with the product design team to identify technical roadblocks and propose solutions as needed Participate in peer-reviews of solution designs and implementations, covering both code and infrastructure Experience building distributed systems from the ground up Proven knowledge of how to architect highly-available and scalable systems Experience with C#, .NET Core, and a proven track record of working across the full stack Experience with the Unity game engine or game development Experience in Linux dev-ops Understanding of, or a curiosity about the architecture, engineering and/or construction space Bâtir une nouvelle technologie infonuagique en continu qui permet aux utilisateurs de concevoir, de visualiser et de collaborer sur du contenu en temps réel sur les plateformes mobiles, de bureau, de réalité augmentée et de réalité virtuelle Prendre en charge le développement et la maintenance des fonctionnalités, et collaborer avec l'équipe de conception de produits pour déterminer les obstacles techniques et proposer des solutions si nécessaire Prendre part à des évaluations par les pairs de conceptions et de mises en œuvre de solutions, couvrant à la fois le code et l'infrastructure Une expérience de la conception de systèmes distribués de bout en bout Une connaissance avérée de l'architecture de systèmes hautement disponibles et évolutifs Une expérience avec C#, .NET Core, et la capacité avérée de travailler sur l'ensemble de la pile Une expérience avec le moteur de jeu Unity ou dans le développement de jeux Une expérience en matière de DevOps sur Linux Une compréhension ou une curiosité pour l'architecture, l'ingénierie et/ou la construction 
ScrapedJobID303:
Provide input on technical design, services architecture, and product features Write and maintain high quality and well-documented code Develop tools, components, and services that are scalable, secure, maintainable, and reliable Build world-class front-end experiences for customers interacting with the tutoring portal. Collaborate with technical leads and product owners to gather and prioritize project requirements Provide foundational services that will enable all tutoring software development teams A diligent Developer, passionate about designing and developing software Solid experience writing RESTful API endpoints Excited by the challenges that come with a rapidly growing and scaling company, and have thrived in this kind of environment Passion for user experience, performance, and uptime Experience with one or more front-end JavaScript frameworks (React, Angular, Vue.js, etc.) Experience working with a NodeJS framework (Express, NestJS, NextJS, etc.) Strong understanding of relational DB and database modeling. Not afraid to stretch yourself outside of your comfort zone to take on new challenges, and have a love for continuous learning Backend: Node.js, GraphQL, Postgres, DynamoDB, Redis, AWS, NestJS, Prisma, Typescript Game: HTML5, Canvas, WebGL, Phaser, Pixi, Typescript Frontend: React, React Native, ES6, Typescript, NextJS Experience with: NestJS, NextJS, Typescript, Prisma, Cypress 
ScrapedJobID304:
2 - 4 years of recent professional experience in application development using C# and .Net 4+ years of experience in MS SQL Programming Broad knowledge of computer systems technology, programming and design techniques Understanding of Object Oriented concepts, and design patterns Understanding of high performance SQL programming and SQL Tuning Recent role in application support team/operations Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or college equivalent *All applicants MUST be current residents of Canada and have Permanent Resident status or Valid Canadian Passport. We will not consider those on current work or student Visa's Excellent written and verbal English communication skills Excellent interpersonal skills, ability to work within a diverse team and highest integrity standards Exceptional communication, organization, and time management skills Excellent troubleshooting and problem analysis skills "Self-motivated", creative and efficient in proposing solutions to time-critical problems Collaborative team-player with ability to deal with multiple projects and deadlines Strong analytical and problem solving skills with a high attention to detail Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Vision care 10 hour shift 8 hour shift MS SQL: 3 years (required) C#: 3 years (required) Android Development: 2 years (preferred) Web Services Development: 2 years (preferred) MS Azure: 2 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID305:
Gain experience with multiple languages, tools and environments Work closely with (and learn from) industry experts with decades of experience Work on all levels of the software stack – from writing web pages to reading device driver code and everything in between Hands-on experience with prerelease GPUs, and other cutting-edge hardware Learn about computer architecture, kernel-mode development, GPU hardware and large-scale software development Enjoys C++ development Experience with scripting, especially in Python Comfortable learning a variety new languages and frameworks Comfortable working in a Scrum team and taking an active role in team discussions. Good communication skills Experience with Jenkins and/or Git Experience developing in a Windows environment Enjoys tinkering with PCs and hardware components Experience with Scrum or Kanban 
ScrapedJobID306:
Analyze and determine training needs to provide proactive training solutions to identified/targeted audience Partner with various teams to ensure that training courses are available in a timely manner. Leverage best practices in order to improve and optimise technical and product knowledge across the business Develop/complete training content for different technologies and products based on business needs within an allotted time and deliver training material to targeted audience technicians Provide training that may take place one on one, via a traditional classroom environment, or through a multimedia platform Speak in front of large audiences Apply excellent interpersonal and communication skills in order to excel in different types of training environments Measure and track quality and effectiveness of all training delivered, ensuring constant adjustment and improvement Actively participate in various projects as a subject matter expert for new equipment, process and tools while providing regular feedback to local management on project progression and challenges Lead complex technical and process issue improvements on a day-to-day basis Support technicians, assisting them isolate and resolve complex issues Work autonomously and with minimal supervision Keep up with emerging telecommunication technologies Work collaboratively with team players with a superior influencing ability, and build relationships across various stakeholder groups to move initiatives forward Candidates who are part of the Craft and Services bargaining unit must have;
A college diploma in electronics or telecommunications, or equivalent work experience A college diploma in electronics or telecommunications, or equivalent work experience Candidates from outside the Craft and Services bargaining unit must have:
A college diploma in electronics or telecommunications, or equivalent work experience
A minimum of a high school diploma. A college diploma in electronics or telecommunications, or equivalent work experience A minimum of a high school diploma. Fluent in English Hold a valid driver’s license Class G or G2 Ability to design and deliver learning programs Excellent leadership to reinforce the importance to respect notions and instructions and maintain control of the classroom Ability to instruct Excellent knowledge in aspects related to the Bell network configuration including elements from an installation, repair and maintenance perspective (tools, products, services, systems and processes) Intermediate knowledge of Microsoft Office Advanced knowledge of Adobe Creative Suite Advanced knowledge of motion graphics and post-processing methods Experience with video equipment: cameras, microphones / audio capture, lighting, etc. Experience with producing instructional videos Must possess excellent organizational skills and the ability to prioritize tasks in a dynamic environment Ability to make decisions promptly and manage risks while under pressure Analytical thinking and problem solving abilities Able to work well under pressure and adapt to changing priorities and deadlines Able to work autonomously, manage deadlines and ensure effective project follow-up Hold a valid driver’s license Possess good manual dexterity and able to work with different hand tools Capable of lifting and carrying heavy weight Capable of climbing telephone poles and/or climbing and carrying ladders Capable of kneeling and bending and working in areas with restricted movement 
ScrapedJobID307:
Contribute to the architecture of the solution to ensure it satisfies the requirements, design,
implementation, and deployment Write clean code to develop functional web applications Troubleshoot and debug applications Collaborate with the Front End Developers and other team members to integrate user-facing
elements with server-side logic Follow new and emerging technologies Proven 3+ years of experience as a Backend Developer in a professional environment Strong development experience in Node.js and PHP Solid OOP design skills Comfortable with data modeling and query optimization Experience using JS testing ecosystem Experience with AWS Knowledge of JS, HTML5, and CSS Great collaboration, communication, and teamwork skills Quick to learn and apply new concepts and technologies Detail oriented and meticulous about clean coding standards and stable functionality Familiarity with microservices and serverless architecture Experience with TypeScript or any statically typed language Experience with CI/CD pipelines Knowledge of domain driven design Post-secondary degree in Computer Science or relevant field Gaming or comparable industry experience Passion for social casino games Experience playing Web, iOS, and/or Android games 
ScrapedJobID308:
Design and implement new functionalities and to build upon the application architecture. For us, this means writing code that is robust, high-performance, secure and unwavering. Reviewing your colleagues’ code. We want to benefit from your input and expertise! Actively participating in the various scrums (the daily, retrospective and planning meetings) of your team. We want to hear your opinions! Participate in the analysis of functionalities regarding the business needs as well as the technological solutions. Contribute and participate to the functional testing and documentation of existing and future application. Ensure quality control by establishing and conducting test scenarios to validate that the systems and programs developed meet the specifications. Participate in the maintenance activities of the applications and functionalities of the product. Collaborate with different teams to solve customer issues. DEC or bachelor’s degree in computer science or another pertinent and relevant field Good knowledge of SOLID principles and OOP Good knowledge of TDD and unit tests Knowledge of Agile and Kaban methodologies Knowledge of security challenges with web-based applications Experience in solving complex software engineering problems Experience with functional and organic analyses Excellent knowledge of PHP, JavaScript, TypeScript, Kotlin, React, Git, SQL Experience in the finance industry Web-based experience or academic profile An iron-clad dedication to quality A spirit of collaboration Have a curiosity and a thirst for learning Have a good sense of humor - we like to have fun while working! Competitive compensation package Comprehensive employee benefits Varied and employee-initiated social activities Lively and inclusive culture Unlimited amount of coffee and tea Private gym Flexible hours and collaborative working spaces Possibilities of international assignments 
ScrapedJobID309:
Développer des applications backend orientées objet avec PHP, MySQL et des frameworks tels que Yii, Laravel et Phalcon Assurer la maintenance des produits existants en apprenant le code actuel et en l'améliorant Assurer la qualité et créer des tests automatisés pour valider le code après les modifications Participer à l'ensemble du cycle de vie du développement web Ajouter de nouvelles fonctionnalités à nos applications web Suivre et corriger les bugs sur les codes signalés Toute autre tâche connexe 3+ ans d’expérience avec HTML5, CSS et Javascript Au moins 3 ans d'expérience avec PHP, Laravel, Yii et autres frameworks MVC et plateforme de développement Web Connaissance de Docker et des commandes linux de base Capable de dépanner et de résoudre des problèmes Maîtrise de Git, Gerrit et d'autres outils de contrôle des sources Une bonne compréhension des pratiques de développement de logiciels sécurisés Capacité à travailler en équipe et à collaborer avec d'autres personnes travaillant sur la même base de code Etre autonome, organisé.e et axé.e sur les résultats Être débrouillard·e et avoir une excellente capacité de résolution de problème Faire preuve de rigueur, de gestion du temps et des demandes Excellentes aptitudes à la communication (la maîtrise du français et de l'anglais est un atout) Heures de travail flexibles Salaire de base très compétitif Politique de télétravail flexible Assurances collectives complètes offertes à 100% Jours de vacances et de maladie avantageuses dès le 1er jour Un environnement de travail stimulant, une ambiance décontractée ainsi qu’un espace de travail bien équipé Une salle de sport et de jeux sur place Activités de groupe – barbecue, vendredi pizza, 5@7, billard, karting, etc. (hors pandémie) Develop object oriented backend applications with PHP, MySQL and frameworks such as Yii, Laravel, and Phalcon Maintain existing products by learning the current code and making improvements Ensure quality and create automated tests to validate code after changes Take part in the entire web development life cycle Add new features to our web applications Track and fix bugs reported by customers and end users Any other related tasks At least 3 years of experience with HTML5, CSS and Javascript At least 3 years of experience with PHP, Laravel, Yii and other MVC frameworks Able to troubleshoot and solve issues Proficient with Git, Gerrit and other source control tools A strong understanding of secure software development practices Ability to work in a team and collaborate with others working on the same codebase Autonomy and organization Be resourceful and have excellent problem-solving skills Demonstrate rigor and time management abilities Be result driven Strong communication skills (having both French & English is a plus) Flexible working hours Competitive salary Flexible work from home policy A flat hierarchy that fosters communication between everyone Work alongside an international team comprised of industry experts Full group insurance offered at 100% Vacation and sick days from your first day on the job A stimulating work environment, a relaxed atmosphere as well as a well-equipped office space On-site gym, ping-pong table and games Many group activities: on-site barbecues, pizza days, 5@7, billiards, karting, etc. (post pandemic) 
ScrapedJobID310:
Implementing and maintaining automated processes for testing, isolating and identifying bugs Constantly re-evaluating and improving automated processes and test suites Reviewing iteration requirements and assisting in the tracking of automated testing Communicating findings to Engineers and QA Analysts Aligning team and department schedule with game teams Researching tools, and incorporating new tools as they become available 5+ years experience in QA testing methodologies and tracking systems Strong knowledge of C#, Python scripting (expertise in automated testing and tools development is a good asset) Proven experience with Unity editor scripting, Unity build management and continuous integration Strong communication skills; ability to communicate/share information with technical and non-technical team members and forge close relationships with engineers and technical Ability to identify underlying issues and determine best course of action for resolution Work from anywhere - remote and in-office options Join a world class team eager to learn something new everyday You’ll be equipped with high-end equipment Competitive compensation and benefits Stock Options, Group RRSP and employer matching Generous allowances and perks Uken social nights including mixers, game night, and more - we take entertainment seriously! Convenient location in the heart of downtown Toronto at Front & John St. 
ScrapedJobID311:
Creates believable, photo-realistic 3D models and textures from concept art and photo reference. Assembles, edits, and optimizes highly detailed 3D environments. Work within budgets while hitting key timelines. Troubleshoots technical and artistic issues. Communicates effectively with team members, production and management to ensure that project goals are met. 2+ years of experience creating high-quality 3D art assets and levels for AAA games. Ability to execute highly detailed, photo realistic environments. Ability to receive, give, and apply feedback effectively while maintaining a positive attitude. Understanding of lighting, color and scene composition. Understanding of physically based shaders. Proficient in next-gen asset creation. Experience with a level editor (i.e. Unreal, Unity, Frostbite, Radiant, etc.) Highly proficient in Maya or 3ds Max, Photoshop and Substance Painter. Self-driven, dedicated to advancing your craft, and eager to learn new techniques and software. Passionate about games; take pride in everything you do and have a positive attitude. Foundation in traditional art with ability of concepting ideas. Proficient in Substance Designer Proficient in Zbrush Exceptional visual and technical understanding of 3D modeling and texturing. Architecture, photography, photogrammetry or cinematography experience. 
ScrapedJobID312:

ScrapedJobID313:
Provide input on technical design, services architecture, and product features Research, evaluate, and analyze technical and design requirements Develop platform libraries, tools, components, and services that are scalable, secure, maintainable, and reliable Work cross-functionally with an agile team Support and input on technical priorities for overall education backend architecture and company APIs, enabling the team to better support the end-product Collaborate with technical leads and product owners to gather and prioritize project requirements Provide foundational services that will enable all software development teams’ domains Proficient knowledge of a backend programming language (JavaScript, Ruby, Python) Solid experience writing RESTful API endpoints Passion for user experience, performance, and uptime Understanding of containerized systems using Kubernetes or Docker Knowledge of relational databases (PostgreSQL, MSSQL, etc.) Experience working with NoSQL databases (DynamoDB, Redis, MongoDB, etc.) Basic understanding of frontend technologies and platforms, such as JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3 Knowledge of security best practices Ability to collaborate with product designers and frontend developers A love for learning and staying on top of the latest in web development Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git Backend: Ruby, Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, Node.js, Python, Flask/Django, GraphQL, PostgreSQL, AWS Frontend: React, ES6 Demonstrated working knowledge and experience with GraphQL Demonstrated working knowledge and experience with Lean, DevOps, and Agile Mindset Experience with CI/CD pipelines and infrastructure as code Ability to work with other programming languages Experience with AWS technologies - EC2, RDS, Redshift, Firehose, etc. Familiarity with ES6 and beyond Experience with unit testing and testing frameworks 
ScrapedJobID314:
You manage your time as expertly as you manage your projects. Prioritizing, planning and organizing is part of your DNA. You have a rock-solid reputation as a creative problem solver. You get what it means to be part of the team. And when it comes to learning, you’re like a sponge and consider yourself to be a lifelong student. Developing creative solutions to complicated problems comes as naturally to you as breathing. You enjoy working with people and you always dig in to really understand what they’re trying to achieve so that you can blow their socks off when you deliver it. You understand the value in delivering on a commitment – you help achieve sprint goals with a cool head and clear vision. You’re web and app-savvy, and up-to-date on mobile trends, tools and methods. You’re passionate about working with designers to turn mocks and prototypes into pixel-perfect user interfaces. You love design systems, having consistent UIs across applications, and turning designs into reusable components You are interested in user testing and research, and enjoy sitting in on testing to find out more about your users Working closely with the Senior Agile Team Lead and product designers, you’ll help turn mockups and prototypes into design system tokens, components, and full user interfaces. Architect and implement components and interfaces in React + Typescript, HTML, and CSS/CSS-in-JS. Work with developers on other teams to assist them in consuming parts of the design system Work within a mono-tasking Agile environment with a focus on high quality, peer-reviewed output. Contribute to design system documentation. Manage the serverless technology stack hosting the design system, using an Infrastructure as Code (IaC) approach. Design front-end architecture with an emphasis on performance and user experience Collaborate with a team of product designers and developers to maintain the highest standards of quality for our customers. Ensure all application changes are developed, tested, and implemented in a well-controlled environment as well as test UIs across multiple browsers, devices, and operating systems. Refine, maintain, and enforce current design system guidelines and strategies. Participate in code reviews Continuously improve the front-end development experience and design system by identifying and addressing bottlenecks and building tooling to improve inefficiencies Follow a Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery workflow to enable frequent, reliable production deployments. You have extensive experience with the following: You’ll get bonus points if you have: You have a minimum of 5 years experience working as a front-end developer, UX developer, or similar, with a passion for building great UIs and products. You have a firm understanding of design principles across many channels. You know your way around Figma and other similar design tools. You’ve contributed to and helped manage a design system in the past You’re comfortable using Git from the command line, and issue tracking tools such as Azure DevOps. You know your memes and emojis, and enjoy participating in team building activities of all kinds – whether it be dodgeball or board games. You are familiar with Agile/Scrum methodologies. You have verbal, visual, and written communication skills to articulate the logic and reasoning behind your decisions. You are comfortable working alongside other developers and designers to style applications through code. Competitive salary. Flexible benefits. Outstanding employer-paid DefinedPension Plan. Great AMA discounts. Unlimited learning opportunities. Paid vacation and floater day. 
ScrapedJobID315:
Develop and test code that is robust, intuitive, and user friendly. Research, develop, and maintain technical solutions. Manage and maintain the full-stack of the application infrastructure. Support the full cycle of design, development, and testing (Agile, Waterfall — be flexible). Work closely with other members of the team to provide a fully flushed out solution. Work in a fast pace, rapidly changing environment. Determine the best tool for the job, and if needed, drive the creation of the tools you need. Learn how to solve domain-specific problems. A desire to learn and make a difference. Three years experience with an ERP system or complex software package. A diploma, degree, or background in programming and computer science is an obvious must. Proof of some interesting projects you’ve worked on. Canadian citizenship or permanent resident. 
ScrapedJobID316:
Collaborate with designers, engineers and product managers to understand and implement game features and system improvements Deliver high quality functional systems on timelines you commit to Have passion for games and with a focus on player experience Deftly navigate the balance between developing excellent software for a large player base with the need to manage a complex stack that is always live Collaborate with team members to produce and manage scalable architectures, game features and system improvements Take the lead in implementing key systems needed for scale & growth Define, identify and resolve performance/stability issues both for the client and server Work with awesome people just as passionate as you on projects they love Highly proficient in Unity and C#. Strong knowledge and experience in working with iOS and/or Android Knowledge of common data structures and algorithms Able to prioritize and handle multiple projects simultaneously Superb written and verbal communication skills Strong interest in video games Knowledge of rendering pipelines, VFX and shaders. A technology leader, with a proven record of developing and deploying complex software for cloud-based infrastructures An engineer who takes initiative and likes to have autonomy B.S. in Computer Science or equivalent 5+ years of commercial software development experience 
ScrapedJobID317:
405 Av. Ogilvy, Montréal, QC H3N 1M3, Canada Full-time Department: Design Location: Canada / Montreal Project: Undisclosed IP Create, pitch and prototype gameplay ideas for core combat and moment-to-moment Implement combatant character with animations and behavior using state machines, Create designs documents, content briefs, system outlines, and other means of sharing Full ownership of the produced function - from conceptual and paper design, through Ensure the core game play is strong, fun and challenging as early as possible in the You will work in engine, tweaking, scripting, and tuning your features, and help in Conduct playtest sessions for involved developers (level designers, artists, animators Collaborate with multiple disciplines, ensuring the correct partners are involved and Remain current on industry and product design trends to enhance the player’s Excellent knowledge of Unreal Engine 4 At least 6+ years of experience in the production of games for consoles and PC 4+ years of experience shipping AAA TPP/FPP shooters titles in combat or systems Demonstrated ability to communicate and align design vision with internal partners and Exceptional ability to conceptualize, pitch, and implement game systems and features Knowledge of an iterative development process and ability to quickly prototype and Excellent analytical, facilitation, and organizational skills Deep passion for gaming, preferably Shooter games Extensive experience with online action games Strong verbal and written communication skills in English High work ethic and self-motivation A familiarity with scripting languages and a strong foundation in math is beneficial Deep understanding of systems design, player psychology, and emerging industry trends is beneficial A competitive salary and performance-based bonuses Personal development opportunities and the possibility to work in a multicultural environment Work in a creative team with people full of passion for what they do Private health care & gym card Business trips and integration events Comprehensive assistance in relocation Fresh fruits, snacks, and beverages for everyone in the office Free library with a wide range of games and books In-company English language classes and Polish lessons for foreigners An informal atmosphere, no dress code, no unwanted formalities 
ScrapedJobID318:
Mentor and develop more junior developers so we can build the best team! Design, develop and execute innovative software solutions to address business needs Ensure software architecture meets all performance, quality, and security requirements Evaluate and recommend tools, technologies, and processes to ensure the highest quality solutions Create modifications for existing software to upgrade performance Aid in planning, analysis, and design of technical solutions in collaboration with our parent company Maintain thorough documentation of systems and applications A certificate, diploma or Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or equivalent 5+ years’ experience as a Developer Development skills in C# ASP.NET MVC framework Knowledge of Entity Framework, LINQ & Fluent .Net Knowledge of JSON, XML and event-driven architecture Strong database skills in Microsoft SQL Server, relational databases, and SQL optimization Proficiency using HTML, CSS, Javascript/JQuery Proficiency in version control systems such as Git and Nuget Familiarity with third party and open source tools such as Hibernate and Spring You are highly driven by new challenges You are motivated and can motivate others You have exceptional problem-solving skills and an ability to learn and adapt quickly An instinct to continuously learn and share your skills with the team Knowledge of Amazon Web Services (AWS) Experience with Test-driven development Having a passion for sports! Previous involvement in Agile Scrum Methodologies Experience in mobile app development and responsive design Expertise in performance testing and trouble shooting Experience with online performance or affiliate marketing models A competitive base salary package Individual and company performance based annual discretionary bonus Paid time off: 3 weeks’ vacation, public holidays, birthday, office is closed between Christmas and New Years Health and dental benefits with no waiting period 5% company matched pension contributions Self-driven annual training budget so you can continue to grow professionally Flexible working hours and work from home options Company parties in the summer, winter, and a few fun events in between Engaging, fun, and casual company culture Dog friendly office and free parking 
ScrapedJobID319:
Estimating and implementing web & mobile solutions including the interplay between the database, backend, and frontend technologies in a clean, robust way. Writing automated tests in a pragmatic way - where it makes sense to. Solving complex problems with simple, elegant solutions. Always looking for innovative ways to improve our code. Helping to plan, build, deploy, and manage new and existing systems, infrastructure, and features. Monitoring the health of underlying virtual infrastructure hardware and assisting in troubleshooting issues and finding resolutions. Combining user appreciation with knowledge of front-end development and coding. You’ll be dreaming the web elements that a user will interact with at every step of their journey, and working the behind the scenes magic to make it a reality. Git and services like GitLab CSS preprocessors like SASS Bootstrap 4 (responsive framework) RESTful apis Server-side languages like Ruby CRUD and prototyping frameworks like RoR or Laravel Relational databases Javascript frameworks like React, Ember, Backbone, etc. We are open to remote working from home (but value getting together to hash out solutions). A fun, collaborative work environment A lot of espresso… Extended benefits for you and your spouse 
ScrapedJobID320:
A healthy work/life balance and employee wellness. Exhausted developers are bad developers. We want you to enjoy your life outside of work A great bonus structure and generous vacation allowance We care about your career and foster a culture of learning. We provide dedicated time to improve your skills, lunch and learns, online and live courses, knowledge sharing between team members, and many more opportunities We value open, honest communication between team members, challenging each other to continually improve We take our work seriously, but ourselves a little less so. Events are planned throughout the year to celebrate our successes, be it backyard BBQs, bowling, or game nights A company subsidized cafeteria with a variety of daily options Flexible work arrangements and remote work arrangements for those who meet the distance qualification. We also give an additional day off each year so that you can spend that time helping a charitable organization Lead a team of developers to design and develop high-performance, scalable applications and database solutions Mentor junior and intermediate team members in good coding practices and new technologies Contribute business and technical expertise to the development and planning process Research and recommend appropriate new technologies to the team and management Provide system design recommendations based on long-term IT organization strategy Investigate and analyze production system problems and recommend workable solutions Provide on call production support Document all program and system changes for ease of future support A strong technical background with high proficiency in Visual Basic 6, .Net 4.8 and CORE, C#, and Windows Forms with at least 5 years of relevant experience A solid knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server, Transact SQL, ADO.NET and Entity Framework with at least 5 years of relevant experience; SSRS, SSIS (assets) A working knowledge of API development including RESTful services and tools such as Postman and Swagger A working knowledge of technologies like LINQ, Regex, JSON, XML, XSD, SOAP, and WSDL Hands on experience using testing frameworks with priority on NUnit and Visual Studio Experience with Azure DevOps Server, Team Foundation Server, and GIT Experience working as part of an agile team (an asset) Experience with Office products (Word, Excel, Visio) Excellent communication, interpersonal, analytical, and organizational skills Degree or diploma in Computer Science or a related field General knowledge of insurance industry (an asset) 
ScrapedJobID321:
Exécuter les plans de tests et identifier les problèmes du jeu (bogues); Rapporter les anomalies de façon claire et précise dans le système de suivi de bogues; Tester et vérifier les corrections dans les versions subséquentes; Fournir une rétroaction organisée et réfléchie sur les questions relatives à la jouabilité, autant sous forme écrite que verbale; Aider à évaluer et prioriser les anomalies; Apprendre et maîtriser l’assurance qualité et la terminologie de l'industrie des jeux. Bonne compréhension des processus d'assurance qualité/contrôle qualité; Capacité à apprendre rapidement; Capacité à suivre des directives précises et accomplir ses tâches dans le temps alloué; Excellentes capacités de communication verbales et écrites, en français et en anglais; Bonne capacité d'organisation et capacité à rester concentré sous la pression; Aptitude pour les relations interpersonnelles et le règlement de conflits; Connaissance approfondie des jeux et des différentes plates-formes; Très bonne connaissance de la suite Microsoft Office; Expérience et compréhension de l’asssurance qualité pour les jeux consoles et PC. Run assigned test requests and identify game issues (bugs); Enter accurate high-quality game issues based on department standards into bug tracking system; Test and verify bug fixes; Provide thoughtful and professional feedback on gameplay-related issues in both written and verbal form; Assist in assessing and escalating game issues and concerns with peers and to senior team members; Learn and apply testing and game industry terminology Good understanding of test processes; Ability to learn quickly and apply knowledge; Ability to follow direction and complete assigned tasks in a timely manner; Strong verbal and written communication skills; Good organizational skills, ability to remain focused; Excellent interpersonal and conflict resolution skills; Broad knowledge of games across different platforms; Proficiency with MS Office; Experience and understanding of console and PC game testing 
ScrapedJobID322:
Interact with shop floor and design personnel for engineering issues/drawing updates to aid in machine build activities Ensure all work activities are completed according to the procedures or best practice Maintain quality, generate issues lists related to the equipment, and provide that feedback to the necessary departments Build to print activities, including mechanical assembly, plumbing, guarding assembly, etc. Develop tools to the point that customer parts are being produced within the required geometric tolerances and within the required cycle time Work within the project team to provide feedback to engineering to improve machine build efficiency and reduce cost Utilize fundamentals in machine build practices and GD&T analysis to help engineering design equipment that will be cost effective and meet our customer needs Travel to customer sites to install or service equipment at their facility, and be part of the team that starts up the equipment and completes the job onsite High School diploma or GED Must have 10+ years of experience in one of the following trades: Machinist, Tool & Die, Millwright or equivalent Experience in building and trouble-shooting automated assembly equipment Forklift and Fall Arrest Licenses are preferred Experience with mills, lathes and other tool room equipment Experience/general understanding of hydraulics and pneumatics Experience with interpretation of mechanical and fluid power schematic drawings Experience working to close tolerances and making equipment adjustments to meet those tolerances Experience working in a high-pressure environment with dynamic requirements Competitive salary and profit-sharing bonus Comprehensive Group Health & Dental Benefit Plan Employee assistance and wellness programs Employee training, development, tuition and professional fees reimbursement Subsidized onsite café with takeout meals by Gus, the best chef ever. Partial tuition reimbursement for employees’ children enrolled in technical program at recognized Canadian college/university Annual performance review Safe, professional work environment Casual business dress $3,000 (Senior) $2,000 (Intermediate) and $1,000 (Junior) referral fees if you recommend an approved permanent hire – family & friends included Safety shoes and safety glasses reimbursement Prodomax Employee Excellence Recognition (PEER) Awards 
ScrapedJobID323:
Meet with customers to understand and analyze their needs, and communicate those needs to internal stakeholders Identify fresh opportunities for our product to improve and thrill the market Drive product releases in a fast-paced Agile software development environment Write crisp, clear, and comprehensive product requirements to give clear guidance to development and QA Work cross-functionally with other parts of the business to ensure prompt delivery Balance the priority of investing in new features and maintaining quality Identify and raise opportunities and risks to management Contribute to customer-facing demos and sales and marketing initiatives with your deep product knowledge Empathetic: you have a talent for understanding what our customers are trying to achieve and why they are trying to achieve it Analytic: you can spot the commonalities in seemingly different customer requests and identify opportunities to address them with a unified solution Innovative: you have a flair for bold ideas that can potentially deliver game-changing competitive advantages Strategic: you can slice big projects into pragmatic MVPs that maximize customer value with the least amount of time, effort and risk Collaborative: you believe that a team works best when everyone is communicating daily about how each person’s piece fits in the shared vision Unparalleled opportunities to learn and accelerated career development A collaborative, team environment with people who truly love what they do 12 weeks Gender Neutral Paid Parental Leave Unlimited access to Udemy for Business, 10% of your time devoted to growing you and your career, and further support to help you grow Access to mental health support Fully flexible work arrangements 
ScrapedJobID324:
Build out the front end for website and web applications Interact with WASM to draw and handle events 5+ years of experience with JavaScript Experience with modern web design and development tools and paradigms Familiarity with modern mobile browser technologies Familiarity with WASM Familiarity with WebGL Experience in building consumer or social products from the ground up Competitive salary, at home perks and participation in the Employee Stock Option Plan. Dental care Extended health care Stock options Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID325:
Flash / Flex (3-5+ years) ActionScript 3 (3-5+ years) Strong understanding of gameplay mechanics PHP (1-3+ years) Bilingual French – English Agile environment OOP MVC good knowledge of other programming languages 
ScrapedJobID326:
Sledgehammer Games, award winning developer of several titles in the Call of Duty franchise, is looking for talented developers to join us as founding members of our new Toronto team. This group will partner with our global teams in Foster City, California and Melbourne, Victoria in the creation of epic content for some of the biggest games in the world. This is an opportunity to help grow and shape a AAA team from the ground up, adding new skills to your armory while gaining the unique satisfaction that only comes from building something brand new. Join us on our quest to maintain and improve a healthy and inspiring studio culture! The studio is navigating their 2nd decade of game development, focused on constant evolution, innovation and qualified risk-taking – which are some of the most rewarding aspects of game development. With world-class content production and engineering teams, we’ve been able to achieve some of the highest-quality game execution of any studio in the industry. We love what we do and work hard to make sure that each new game we make is even better than the last. Creativity is key, and we’re looking for talented game developers for our exciting new projects. Sledgehammer Games is wholly owned by Activision. 
ScrapedJobID327:
Design, develop and test customer-driven features for Houdini's Procedural Dependency Graph (PDG) and Task Operators (TOPs) Enhance PDG’s readiness for optimal, large-scale cloud deployment Maintain and improve TOPs, including its UI frontend and user-facing APIs Maintain up-to-date knowledge on techniques and current practices in the area of software development, computer science, computer graphics, visual effects and games Ensure a high level of quality and performance in the developed code architecture and features, with an emphasis on long term viability and superior user experience Work on special projects and other strategic and technical opportunities as may be assigned Support film and game studios using PDG in production Other duties as assigned Adjustments will be made to enable duties & responsibilities to be met working remotely considering the current Covid-19 pandemic situation. 2+ years of professional software development experience Computer Science degree or equivalent industry experience, with a record of academic and professional excellence Strong knowledge of modern C++ programming Strong knowledge of Python programming Ability to learn independently, think fast, and use solid judgement Ability to work well independently and in a nimble team environment Excellent communication and presentation skills Positive, professional demeanor Working knowledge of Houdini and PDG Working knowledge of Qt Experience with network and cloud computing Parallel programming experience Cross-platform development experience Games or film industry experience Hybrid Work option - A great office in Downtown Toronto (right across from Union station) with the flexibility to work from home (most roles). You can help us test out our Hybrid Pilot Project 3 weeks’ vacation to relax and re-energize Health insurance coverage including a Health Service Spending Account (HSSA only for Canadian employees), for you and your dependents (only permanent employees) Employee Assistance Program (EAP); because sometimes we need a bit of extra support Retirement Plan with company matched contributions (only permanent employees) A highly competitive bonus structure (only permanent employees) A generous sick time entitlement to care for yourself and your loved ones Because you want to be part of a unique experience and winning team that has won an Oscar and an Emmy (Cool, right?) Because you want to be part of an industry-leading company that is constantly mindfully growing Because you want to work with some of the most talented people in the industry on a ground-breaking product Because you want to work with people from all around the world Because you want to be part of an exciting and fun industry Because you want to join and add to a positive, supportive and respected company culture Because you want your job to be GREAT! 
ScrapedJobID328:
Developing, writing and publishing engaging content for all social media channels and support key beats from Marketing, Live Operations, and Product Development while ensuring that the tone of voice and brand standards are followed Develop acquisition campaigns leveraging content creators, influencers and agency partners in parallel with larger franchise activations. Collaborate with stakeholders to make creative content that will drive followers to engage, react, and share (including contests and sweepstakes, video developer diaries, blog posts, holiday and special events, etc.) Managing social media channels to ensure theming is updated regularly and content is posted at optimal and strategic times Staying on top of new social media channels and trends to maintain best practices across all channels and make recommendations for any new opportunities Collaborating regularly with Product Marketing, Community, Customer Service, Product Development and Live Operations to ensure communications are accurate and supporting key initiatives Working closely with the Product Marketing team to plan and create assets to support social media strategy Creating new opportunities to engage in activities with our fans that promote conversion and recurring payments, and most importantly, help to increase retention and product loyalty Assisting with writing/editing various copy for Marketing initiatives (ie: ad copy, blog posts, etc) Bachelor’s degree and/or 1-2 years of experience managing social media channels Proven track record of creative copywriting and communication skills Ability to form strong relationships with multiple departments and stakeholders Versed in social networking and channel trends Ability to communicate and coordinate across multiple locations and departments Exceptional team player Ability to manage change and ambiguity in a rapidly changing environment Comfortable speaking in front of a camera for recorded video or live streaming 
ScrapedJobID329:
Design, develop, and maintain C# code Develop VR experiences in Unity using our internally-built, Unity-based SDK Provide suggestions and feedback to SDK and tools developers Continuously test, debug, profile, analyze, and optimize all aspects of a Unity project on applicable VR hardware Contribute innovative and creative ideas on all aspects of virtual reality design and development Write and maintain comments in your code and documentation in our internal wiki Adhere to and improve version control usage standards Conduct and participate in regular code reviews and 1-on-1 meetings with other developers Participate in daily scrum meetings and weekly sprint meetings (online) Track tasks using Toggl Must have Canadian citizenship or PR 3+ years of professional Unity experience with at least one shipped title 2+ years of experience working with senior developers Experience developing a VR project in Unity Good understanding of VR development Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, related discipline, or equivalent experience Excellent verbal and written communication skills Disciplined and self-driven without needing constant supervision in a home environment Experience working with internally developed tools Experience developing multiplayer features Be part of a close-knit and friendly team! Wear different hats and never be bored of your work Make important decisions that affect the company and our projects 100% coverage of any health-related spending within an allowance that renews every year Work from home 3 weeks of vacation All computer and VR hardware is provided for you Diverse and inclusive team members who care about making the world a better place Cover Letter Resume A link to your portfolio Tell us where you found the job posting Tell us one interesting fact about yourself! Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday No weekends DevOps: 1 year (preferred) working with senior developers: 1 year (required) professional Unity: 2 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID330:
PLEASE APPLY USING INDEED, CANDIDATES ATTEMPTING TO APPLY OUTSIDE OF THIS METHOD WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED FOR EMPLOYMENT Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID331:
Analyse project specifications and provide suggestions relevant to the project; Be involved in architectural design and analysis with architects and other team leads; Develop new back-end modules and components required by the framework; Develop Rest/JSON API(s); Work on existing modules/components and applications for maintenance when required; Determine tasks to be carried out using Jira; Estimate development time; Carry out preliminary tests and unit tests; Carry out necessary adjustment following recommendations from quality assurance; Validate and test the Software in a variety of portable electronic devices; Create/update the documentation throughout development; Collaborate with parties involved throughout the project; Keep abreast with new Web integration technologies. College or university diploma related to computer science; More than 3 years of experience in Python development; More than 3 years of experience in Linux development and environment; Experience using RESTful/JSON API development; Experience of Virtualization (Virtualbox, KVM, VMWare, Vagrant); Experience in Server configuration (Web, DNS, DHCP, Memcached); Experience with system programming (Perl, Python, Bash), Experience in network configuration, IT security, technical support, and system monitoring is an asset; Experience with Agile methodology (Scrum, Kanban); English required Open minded and flexible on mandate; Team Spirit; Good communication skills; Excellent problem-solving skills; Willingness to learn; Autonomy Are a team fit; can help advance our global, inclusive culture Are self-starter who likes to roll up your sleeves and take initiative with minimal direction Can think about tomorrow, while getting your work done today Are a collaborative team player; primary audience will be internal teams Are curious and open to learning and finding new solutions Are able to provide and accept feedback in a constructive manner Are organized, have strong communication skills, and do whatever it takes to get things done Analyser les spécifications du projet et fournir des suggestions pertinentes au projet Être impliqué dans le design de l’architecture et dans l’analyse de celle-ci avec l’architecte logiciel ainsi que les teams leads Développer de nouveaux modules et composants « back-end » requis par le framework Développer des API(s) REST/JSON Travailler sur des modules/composants et applications existantes pour des fins de maintenance lorsque requis Déterminer les tâches à effectuer à l’aide de Jira Estimer les temps de développement Produire les tests préliminaires et les tests unitaires Faire les ajustements nécessaires suivant les recommendations de l’équipe d’assurance-qualité Valider et tester le logiciel dans divers environnements de développement et de production Créer et mettre à jour la documentation durant tout le développement Collaborer avec toutes les équipes impliquées tout au long du projet Se garder à jour avec les nouvelles technologies Web Diplôme collégial ou universitaire dans un domaine informatique Au moins 3 ans d’expérience en développement Python Au moins 3 ans d’expérience en environnement et développement Linux Expérience dans la création ou l’utilisation de RESTful/JSON API Expérience avec la virtualisation de système (VirtualBox, KVM, VMWare, Vagrant) Expérience dans la configuration de serveur (Web, DNS, DHCP, Memcached) Expérience dans la programmation scriptée (Perl, Python, Bash) Expérience dans la configuration de réseaux, dans la sécurité logicielle et dans la surveillance de système sont des atouts. Expérience avec la méthodologie Agile (Scrum, Kanban) Anglais requis Esprit ouvert et flexible sur les mandats Joueur d’équipe Excellentes habiletés de compréhension et de communication Analytique et orienté solutions À l’affut et compréhension des tendances technologies Autonome​ Vous intégrez bien à l’équipe; vous pouvez contribuer à faire progresser notre culture mondiale et inclusive Faites preuve d’initiative et êtes prêt à retrousser les manches et travailler avec un minimum de directives Pouvez penser à demain, tout en accomplissant votre travail aujourd’hui. Avez un esprit d’équipe axé sur la collaboration; les équipes internes constitueront vos collaborateurs principaux. Êtes curieux et ouverts à l’apprentissage et à la recherche de nouvelles solutions Êtes en mesure de fournir et d’accepter des commentaires constructifs Êtes organisés, avez de solides compétences en communication et faites tout ce qu’il faut pour accomplir les tâches. Casual dress Commuter benefits Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID332:
Drive product, process, and toolset decisions for projects that will drive the business for the next 3-5 years Maintain, assess, and create Web sites using React framework Build reusable cross-platform components and front-end libraries for future use Create and maintain npm, Node, gulp, and webpack builds Translate designs and wireframes into high-quality code Design and build using React consuming APIs Facilitate technical conversations with other engineers and help steer decisions in the right direction Offer constructive and respectful feedback via code reviews Assist other engineers in resolving or removing blockers they might encounter Research and promote design patterns and practices that fit our technical challenges Write automated unit and integration tests as well as build tools to assist in testing various aspects of our app Build-in business and technical metrics alongside the features themselves to further us as a data-driven organization Work with our DevOps and QA teams to ensure quality in our builds and releases Work with our DevOps team to ensure our CI/CD pipeline fits our growing needs Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a similar field 5+ years of experience working with React.js and developing front end web applications Strong HTML, CSS, responsive design, and JavaScript skills Familiarities with modern JavaScript tools including Node, npm, Webpack, GraphQL Experience with Gatsby Experience with backend/API development Proficiency with Git version control Strong programming, analytical, and problem-solving skills Experience with build and deployment solutions Must be a self-starter requiring minimal supervision Experience with RESTful APIs is a plus Experience with capabilities of major Cloud Service providers (Google, AWS, Azure) a plus Competitive salary Health & Dental Insurance Virtual Healthcare Program RSP with the contribution of 4% Work from home, the office, or anywhere else! Closed for the holidays 5 Sick Days & 2 Personal Days Wellness Program Commuter Benefits (Bixi, Opus) Lots of Team Buildings, 5a7 and office activities Office Perks (fresh fruits, muffins, games and relaxation space) Paid training subscription tools A cutting edge technology stack Opportunity for fast career growth 
ScrapedJobID333:
Participer à la définition des exigences techniques; Mettre en place des systèmes de rendu en tenant compte des meilleures pratiques de l'industrie; Développer des modules de moteur et des outils pour le rendu graphique; Être l'expert en contenu pour toutes les questions liées aux graphiques; Assurer la qualité et la performance des fonctionnalités de jeu développées; Trouver les solutions optimales pour les défis graphiques sur les jeux en développement; Participer à la création et à l'évolution de l'architecture conceptuelle des jeux; Participer à l'estimation de la charge de travail et du temps de travail avec l'équipe de développement; Participer à l'élaboration des méthodes de travail (méthodes, outils et technologies); Participer concrètement à différents projets; Effectuer toute autre tâche connexe. Participate in the definition of technical requirements; Set up rendering systems with the industry’s best practices in mind; Develop engine modules and tools for graphical rendering; Be the content expert for all graphics-related questions; Ensure the quality and performance of developed game features; Find the optimal solutions for graphics-related challenges on the games in development; Participate in the creation and evolution of the conceptual architecture of games; Participate in the estimation of the workload and working time with the development team; Participate in the development of working methods (methods, tools and technologies); Participate concretely in different projects; Perform any other related tasks. Diplôme d’études collégiales ou universitaire dans un domaine lié à la programmation ; 5+ années d’expérience à titre de développeur de jeux (Unity3D et/ou Unreal) ou dans tout autre poste comparable ; Expérience en développement de jeux mobiles, PC ou consoles avec Unity3D et/ou Unreal ; Expérience en optimisation et débogage de rendu graphique; Connaissance C# et/ou C++ ; Connaissance HSLS / ShaderGraph / GLSL ; Être légalement admissible à travailler au Canada ; Bilinguisme à l’oral et à l’écrit (français et anglais); Langage natif IOS/Android est un atout. College or university degree in a field related to programming; 5 years + of experience as a game developer (Unity3D and / or Unreal) or in any other comparable position; Knowledge of the development cycle of mobile games, PC and / or consoles; Experience in developing mobile, PC or console games with Unity3D and / or Unreal; Experience in optimizing and debugging graphics rendering; Knowledge of C # and / or C ++; Be legally eligible to work in Canada; Oral and written bilingualism (French and English); Native IOS / Android language is an asset. Salaire compétitif ; Assurances collectives offrant une couverture pour un large éventail de soins de santé, les soins dentaires, l’assurance salaire courte et longue durée et une assurance voyage ; REER collectif avec contribution avantageuse de l’employeur ; Stationnement gratuit ; Horaire régulier de 37,5 heures par semaine ; Projets originaux et variés ; Collations santé offertes gratuitement tous les jours ; Réel impact sur les projets ; Accès à ton propre espace personnalisé au cœur d’un espace ouvert, lumineux et branché ; Des clients d’envergure internationale dans les domaines du jouet et du divertissement ; Travailler avec des gens compétents et talentueux ; Une culture du jeu très forte ; Des activités sociales et beaucoup de plaisir ! Competitive salary; Group insurance offering health, disability and dental coverage and travel coverage; RRSP program including an employer contribution; Free parking; Schedule of 37,5 hours per week; Work on original and various projects; Free healthy snacks offered every day; Real impact on your projects; Own personalized space in our bright, comfortable and trendy open environment; Top international clients in the toys and entertainment business. Does Hasbro, Disney, Cartoon Network, Warner Brothers ring a bell? Work with talented and competent people; Strong gaming culture; Social events and a lot of fun! 
ScrapedJobID334:

ScrapedJobID335:
Create, maintain, execute & document both manual & automated test plans Design & implement sustainable test automation Work closely with developers on identifying, documenting, designing and enhancing the testability of new and existing features Develop and apply test strategies for current and future projects/platforms Review designs and requirements for features as a team, while providing qualitative feedback, including evaluating risk and time estimates, feature content, suggestions and improvements Communicate with developers, stakeholders and players to monitor and triage defects Investigate failure points and work with users to implement solutions 2+ years’ experience in Quality Assurance with a QA Engineering focus Experience with test driven development and automated testing Excellent programming and debugging skills in C++, C#, JavaScript & Python Skill in troubleshooting, characterizing, and describing software defects A solid understanding of QA methodologies, and best practices Experience working with telemetry and analytics to measure product health & performance Demonstrated knowledge of desktop hardware and software for Windows & macOS A deep passion for QA & Gaming An uncanny ability to break software in unexpected ways The inspiring challenge of working on pioneering ambitious projects with amazingly smart and creative co-workers A multicultural work environment that encourages growth, creativity and innovation Double work station setup and flexible work environment An active fun division that hosts regular events An excellent canteen that offers a weekly breakfast and lunch menu as well as drinks and snacks Discretionary quarterly and annual performance sharing plan Annual sports grant Mobile device and a mobile usage package Home Internet A conditional monthly transportation grant Work environment that focuses on employee well-being On-site doctor, free of charge as well as other on-site services at a discounted price Relocation Package 
ScrapedJobID336:
Design, develop and maintain our service APIs Ensure service scalability through effective code and data storage design Design, implement, test, and maintain Unity's services that are capable of handling real-time and batch processing of thousands of requests and daily events Write high-quality code that supports existing and future functionality of the product Interact with larges amounts of data and debug complicated customer issues Software development experience using at least one compiled and statically typed language (Java, Golang, C++ or similar) Experience or familiarity with databases like Mongo, MySQL, BigQ or similar Ability to clearly communicate your ideas, solutions and discuss them with the team Attitude to solve problems with a qualitative approach with mentality towards engineering excellence Desire to learn and use new technologies to help build great products for our users Experience in AdTech or Gaming is a plus, but not required Experience with Unity Editor Education on machine learning, math, physics, computer science, or equivalent Concevoir, développer et maintenir nos API de service Assurer l'évolutivité des services à l'aide d'une conception efficace du code et du stockage des données Concevoir, implémenter, tester et maintenir des services Unity qui sont en mesure de prendre en charge un traitement en lot et en temps réel de milliers de requêtes et d'événements au quotidien Écrire du code de grande qualité qui prend en charge les fonctionnalités actuelles et futures des produits Interagir avec de grandes quantités de données et résoudre les problèmes compliqués rencontrés par les clients Une expérience du développement de logiciels en utilisant au moins un langage compilé et à typage statique (Java, Golang, C++ ou similaire) Une expérience ou une familiarité avec les bases de données comme Mongo, MySQL, BigQ ou similaires Une capacité à communiquer clairement vos idées et vos solutions, et d'en discuter avec l'équipe Une attitude visant à résoudre les problèmes avec une approche qualitative et une mentalité orientée vers l'excellence en matière d'ingénierie Un désir d'apprendre et d'utiliser de nouvelles technologies pour contribuer à la création de produits exceptionnels pour nos utilisateurs Une expérience en technologies publicitaires ou en jeux vidéo est un atout, mais n'est pas requise Une expérience avec l'éditeur Unity Une formation en apprentissage automatique, en mathématiques, en physique ou en informatique, ou un diplôme équivalent 
ScrapedJobID337:
Displays extensive knowledge of programming languages (Javscript, Go) including In-depth knowledge of the frameworks/libraries (React, Redux, HAPI, AWS) used by the team Develops new user-facing features, from the database all the way up to the browser Identifies issues up front and remediates them quickly and efficiently; rarely anything more than minor mistakes Proficient at performing peer code review and providing succinct and relevant feedback in this area Optimizes applications for maximum speed and scalability Actively participate in prioritization with Product and the team Write and maintain database schema, queries and procedures Solution, Implement and Maintain Cloud Systems and Infrastructure Measures of Success: clean and efficient code, ability to stay within scope/specifications, on-time delivery of application 2-5+ years of experience with front end development (including ES2015/16 JavaScript, CSS, modern frameworks, etc.) 2-5+ years of experience with back end development (including Node.js, Postgres, Redis, etc.) Bachelor’s degree or Post-Secondary Certification (College, Bootcamp) in computer science and/or engineering or equivalent experience A passion for creating great content and developing extraordinary software Exceptional analytical, communication, and problem-solving skills Security of code is always top of mind * * * * * * 
ScrapedJobID338:
At least 3 years of experience in software programming, ideally in the video game industry or any other relevant experience A degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering (or equivalent) Excellent proficiency in various programming languages, especially C# and WPF Good notions of the python programming language Good analytical and synthesis skills + attention to detail Ability to work as part of a team + good interpersonal and communication skills Autonomy, curiosity, and resourcefulness that push you to go talk to people Flexibility in the organization of your work, allowing you to adapt to changes 
ScrapedJobID339:
Evolve, expand, and support our custom tool suite for grooming, tailoring, cloth/hair simulation, and additional in-shot work (e.g. sculpting, character performance tuning) Develop new approaches for art-directed simulation with a high level of artistic control Expand our procedural geometry tools for creating hair styles and fur grooms, Collaborate with artists on developing intuitive visualizations and interactive workflows Our engineers get the opportunity to work on the full stack of our tools, from developing the underlying algorithms through building intuitive artist-friendly interfaces. Work hand in hand with artists to make the tools we need for the incredibly complex and rich characters and environments featured in our movies. Support the artists in their day-to-day work including debugging any issues with the tools as well as brainstorming on the best use of the tools to solve a particular creative challenge. Develop new artist-centric interaction models using the latest hardware and technologies. Professional experience in a software developer role Master’s/Ph.D. with specialization in Computer Graphics (with a focus on areas related to our hair and cloth toolset) or comparable industry experience in a research, studio, or games environment Proficiency in C++, strong software design and engineering skills Strong mathematical fundamentals, such as linear algebra and numerical methods Excellent problem solving, troubleshooting and debugging skills Ability to develop and optimize algorithms for efficiency and scalability Deep understanding of computer graphics foundational concepts, algorithms, and related artistic workflows Ability to prioritize competing demands Exemplary communication, including the ability to engage with artists to understand their requirements and formulate practical solutions Experience working in an Animation production environment Expertise in performance tuning and writing/debugging of parallel and vectorized code Knowledge of the latest publications in the academic community relevant to hair and cloth Familiarity with UI development toolkits (QT) for building clean interfaces Ability to adapt and extend relevant research to production-level tools tailored to the specific art-directed needs Working knowledge of Python Other expertise: Maya, Houdini, USD, OpenGL 
ScrapedJobID340:
At least 5 years of experience in software programming, ideally in the video game industry or any other relevant experience A degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering (or equivalent) Excellent proficiency in various programming languages, especially C# and C++ (JS is an asset) Good analytical and synthesis skills + attention to detail Ability to work as part of a team + good interpersonal and communication skills Autonomy, curiosity, and resourcefulness that push you to go talk to people Flexibility in the organization of your work, allowing you to adapt to changes Development experience on game engine (Scimitar / Anvil) (a strong asset) Fullstack development experience (JS) (a strong asset) Your CV, highlighting your background and skills 
ScrapedJobID341:
Work and communicate directly with all members of the game team on a regular basis to develop the game and its design throughout production, while remaining in-line with required timelines Write and maintain living design documents for use by design, production, development, and QA staff. Hands-on work during production including play-testing, tuning, data-entry, content creation, and some scripting. Ensure all delivered versions of assigned games are thoroughly play-tested with a design-critical approach and report all issues and required changes. Identify and help to prioritize any issues in assigned games in conjunction with production and other team leads. Identify and report any aspects of the assigned game, its design, or its development process, which may compromise its final quality or overall success. Develop—or contribute to—new concepts and game pitches for the studio as required. Play—and contribute feedback for—all games currently in development or prototyping. Contribute to the studio’s growing philosophy of game design, and how we make games. 4+ years’ experience in the games industry Basic scripting experience (C#, XML / JSON, VBA) Fluency with Microsoft Excel Experience with the Unity game engine Degree (any subject)—or alternatively—games industry experience Technical knowledge of the videogame development process An avid player of both PC and console games Deep interest and knowledge in one or more mainstream sports. Casual dress Dental care Employee assistance program Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Wellness program Day shift Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID342:
You’ll have extensive demonstrable experience of C++ development along with being an expert in Windows OS internals (WIN32 API and Multi-threading), computer networks and distributed applications. You will be working on core backend server components which operate 24/7 and constitute the backbone of company gaming and CRM operations. It is highly desirable to have a clear understanding of TCP/IP,UDP and HTTP protocols. You must have experience in designing efficient algorithms and knowledge of STL library as you will be supporting and driving architectural decisions with respect to our core game system platforms. You should be able to manage stress and meet deadlines to ensure our infrastructure continues to scale successfully with our growing player base. It’s important that you have experience with relational database (SQL Server, DB2) and a Master’s in Computer Science or equivalent experience as you’ll be delivering high quality software and provide support to our QA teams. Experience with test driven development and agile methodologies will be an added benefit for this role along with an understanding of poker and other card games or the online poker industry. Knowledge of network security (PKI, TLS/SSL) will be beneficial as will experience with high-demand 24/7 operations and a familiarity with OpenSSL and Pseudo/Hardware RNGs. The salary for this job is based on experience, so whilst we are not able to go into detail at this stage, we can say that we offer great salary packages and a discretionary annual performance bonus. Our experience-based salaries are competitive. Plus, there’s a discretionary annual performance bonus. We offer health and dental insurance for you and your dependents plus you can join our company pension scheme. Our in-house training and development team deliver fantastic support to develop your skills and support you in progressing your career. We have on-site yoga a few times a week and lunch is on us. We also have fresh fruit, snacks and drinks in the office so you won’t go hungry. Health and dental insurance for you, your partner and your children (if you all live at the same address) A personal interest allowance to let you learn something new or pursue a hobby $1,900 as congratulations if you have a baby whilst you work for us Discounts on local gyms, restaurants and events Free snacks and catered lunch In-house training and development to develop your skills, progressing your career. 
ScrapedJobID343:
A bachelor's degree in computer science or computer engineering A minimum of 8 years of software development experience A minimum of 3 years experience in managing a team of programmers (task distribution, performance evaluation, etc.) A good command of different programming languages (C ++, C #, SQL, WPF and others) Excellent communication and strategic leadership skills The ability to stay calm in difficult situations (you know there is always a solution) The ability to put yourself in the shoes of other trades and users of your systems Strong interest in the video game production process Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID344:
Work as part of an Agile development team to write, test and release Java applications Participating in code reviews and business/technical discussions Providing input into and following established development guidelines and standards Assist with the triaging of defects and bringing them to resolution When applicable, assist with design of Java applications under the direction of Architect When required, research and evaluation of new technologies and tools for development Assist the Agile team with the estimating, planning and prioritizing of work with the Product Owner Be an activate participant in all Agile processes On-call expectation University degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience with demonstrated progressive responsibilities 7+ years’ experience in Java / J2EE web application development (JSP, Servlets, EJB, etc.) 4+ years’ experience with frontend technologies (JavaScript, jQuery, HTML5/CSS, Responsive Web Design) Experience with Spring framework, Spring Boot, Docker, Ansible, GitLab, CI/CD, Angular, Bootstrap, NodeJS or other JavaScript Frameworks a plus. 4+ years’ experience with Linux Minimum 2 years’ experience with agile methodologies Strong working knowledge of SQL Proven ability to write well-documented, high performance, reliable, maintainable code Commitment to delivering high quality solutions in an Agile, team-focused environment In-depth experience with object-oriented design/development Working knowledge of Postgres databases an asset Excellent ability to learn new technologies quickly Must work collaboratively with other departments and all levels within the organization Excellent verbal and written communication skills Creative/innovative thinker Strong analytical, problem resolution and decision making skills Experience building and deploying containerized applications under Docker/Ansible/Kubernetes an asset 
ScrapedJobID345:
Work on all phases of the software development life cycle in an Agile environment on IoT and embedded projects for in-vehicle devices Analyze the needs for new embedded products and components Write the software requirements and design documents Contribute to the design of software architectures Develop real-time embedded applications in C/C++ for ARM Cortex, PIC, NXP, and Nordic RF chips Debug and test your code and algorithms Work with the team in resolving field issues Maintain software products after their releases (bug fixes and adding functions) Bachelor’s degree in engineering (Software, Computer or Electrical) 15 years + of professional experience in a similar position Strong RF domain knowledge with at least 7 years of hands-on software development experience Extensive Experience with programming languages such as C and C++ Experience with system integration and test Experience developing real-time and multi-task software Experience developing wireless interface (RF, and Bluetooth/BLE) Experience with software architectures for ARM Cortex Experience with communications peripherals such as CAN, UART, SPI, I2C Excellent communication verbal and written skills (English and French) You are a team player, and result oriented Autonomous, honest, and organized Systematic approach to problem solving Experience developing serial interfaces (LIN, J1850 and OBDII) Experience developing firmware/drive for cellular and GPS applications Experience in ASM programming Experience with SiLabs cortex M4 and M0 Experience with software architectures 8051 and PIC A modern working environment with a flexible schedule Great health benefits and RRSP with employer contribution Gym and game tables 
ScrapedJobID346:

ScrapedJobID347:
Only applies to full-time positions. Build, and ship the most impactful features in web products. Work with external vendors to establish and enforce good architectural standards. Collaborate with our central technology team to create game services to help support blockchain backed game creation. Ship exceptional user experiences and establish clear definitions of quality. Build accessible, responsive, and performant user experiences. Pragmatic approach to ensure the user experience is optimized to eliminate all pain for our customers. Apply your clear understanding of best practices for technologies similar to React, Redux, or web3.js development with proactive involvement in pair programming sessions. Expertise with front and back end build pipeline tools, such as gulp, sass, typescript, javascript minifiers, source maps, or similar. Proven experience working with large, long lived backend code bases, with a focus on sustainable patterns. High level of fluency with and experience using technologies and frameworks like (but not limited to) these languages - REST, GraphQL, Java/JEE, Node.js, Javascript, React or React Native - or deep experience with relevant transferable technologies. Fluency in Java Spring and/or Vert.x for service application frameworks, kafka, docker, maven and/or gradle, and a wide range of databases and caches such as redis, dynamodb, cassandra, or similar. A passion for efficiency and collaboration, with a history of establishing great relationships across UX, Product Management, Product Marketing, Data, and SEO teams distributed across multiple time zones. Previously worked on branded IP titles/games. Experience working directly with Solana, Ethereum or Blockchain tech. Company news and events on our LinkedIn Company Blog Employee Feedback on our Comparably page Find videos on our teams and games on our Youtube 
ScrapedJobID348:

ScrapedJobID349:
You will manage & execute on marketing campaigns across digital and in-person channels You will assist with the design, creation, and messaging around presentations, newsletters, digital events, and campaigns You’ll manage digital touch points including social media You’ll work in liaison with third-party agencies on digital campaigns including SEO, content, social media, and PR You’ll support the design, creation, and distribution of marketing content Managing digital brand communications and awareness. Report on key marketing metrics on a weekly/monthly/quarterly basis; suggest areas for improvement A Bachelor’s Degree, college diploma, or equivalent experience 1-3 years of experience working in a similar position Background in space or SaaS technology is considered an asset Data-driven mindset, and proficiency with Google Analytics as well as emerging data collection and reporting tools Experience with web analytics, and knowledge of online campaign management and measurement Experience with content writing and design is an asset Proven analytical capability and ability to present data-driven recommendations and results Experience working with Web analytics and reporting tools. Attention to detail and accuracy in reporting. A proactive approach with a drive to continually improve results Proven analytical and organizational skills Ability to work in a fast-paced environment Familiarity with core digital marketing toolset, including WordPress, SquareSpace, Twitter, YouTube, LinkedIn, Google Analytics Proven experience in a marketing role and demonstration of existing campaign execution preferred Understanding of key technologies, including HubSpot, Salesforce, and other revenue suite tools Ability to work under pressure and within a fast-paced team environment Enjoy working in a data-driven environment High energy and high urgency mentality Prior experience in a start-up especially with a software product company You have industry knowledge of satellite imagery and/or APIs (BONUS) Space excites you – A LOT! 
ScrapedJobID350:
Will develop, extend and maintain multiplayer framework solutions. Work in close daily cooperation with the Lead Developer to scope, prioritize, document, plan, iterate and execute on the multiplayer framework. Is the hands-on developer for all game networking systems and is accountable for the technical fidelity, execution, optimization. Accurately scope, develop and deliver game components on time and to the highest quality. Is a key part of the team in architecting and building out networking systems Must be constantly iterating and optimizing their systems to drive performance and world class play experiences. Is vital in identifying potential performance issues, and optimizing to reduce performance bottlenecks. You are responsible for the quality of code you produce. This will require regular code reviews and architecture reviews at milestones through the course of the project. You have expert knowledge of Unity3d You are an expert in C#. You have professional experience and examples using one of the following networking packages: PUN2, Photon Bolt, Forge Remastered, Mirror, UNet, or MLAPI. Strong, demonstrable, understanding of networking concepts and architectures Experience with Photon, Mirror or other comparable networking frameworks Excellent communication skills and enjoy working in a team. Excellent problem solving and lateral thinking skills. Excellent math skills. Proven ability to troubleshoot and provide technical solutions & recommendations You are a specialist when it comes to your level of focus but a generalist when it comes to sharing knowledge and pitching in to help get the team across the finish line. A personal passion for staying on top of new technologies, game trends and discovering ways for implementation. Experience with VR development. Experience with Unity3d tools development Open / Remote 
ScrapedJobID351:
Designing and implementing game systems which meet production goals and consider codebase longevity and robustness. Meeting time commitments to design, develop and/or optimize gameplay features on mobile projects within Unity. Advising production stakeholders on architectural approaches to desired features. Planning, designing and implementing efficient and maintainable code in C#. Documenting existing systems and performing analysis on legacy systems to figure out optimizations and improvements. Communicating implementation decisions both verbally and in documentation to key stakeholders. Implementing 3rd party SDKs into Unity projects. Assist more junior developers in coming up to speed quickly through mentorship and guidance. A graduate degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, diploma or equivalent work experience. Minimum 2 years of experience in cross-platform development using Unity on Android and/or iOS platforms. Experience working with Unity animations and models in 3D space. Experience with Live and Online-related SDKs or implementations in Unity (telemetry, IAPs, cloud saves, data storage). Advanced object-oriented design skills and proficiency in C# programming and debugging. A passion for improving the quality of software architecture. An understanding and familiarity with building and deploying an application from code to mobile device. A demonstrated track record of being a dedicated team player with the ability to interface with other team members while maintaining enthusiasm for game development. Excellent written and oral communication skills. The ability to install and work with third party SDKs and packages within Unity. High level experience with source control such as git and/or Perforce. A demonstrated ability to estimate and communicate time frames, schedule tasks and draw attention to unexpected delays as the come up. A positive attitude and a good sense of humour! Shipped a game or app or demo on iOS or Android and have experienced at least 2 full game development cycles within a studio environment. A demonstrated proficiency in game physics and related mathematics. A fundamental knowledge of Vertex and Pixel shaders as well as scripting languages (LUA, Python, etc.). Experience working with client-server architecture and/or third-party REST APIs. Competitive salary scale. Additional paid time off over the New Year Holidays. Affordable Gym membership. Comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, and vision care. Flexible Work Hours and a healthy work/life balance The ability to work alongside an international and diverse team 
ScrapedJobID352:
Create and maintain mobile applications Be involved in all stages of application development, from UI design to final testing Understand system architecture with an eye to scalability and efficiency University Degree in Computer Science or Engineering preferred Confident, highly motivated, proactive, and efficient, organized, and detail oriented Ability to maintain a flexible working approach while achieving deadlines Passion for technology and isn’t afraid to “do the hard stuff.” At least two years of experience in developing mobile applications for the Android platform (Java) Experience writing multithreaded code Experience with RESTfull services (JSON) Experience with published apps in Google Play Store UI Design skills Solid knowledge of/experience with the Android application lifecycle Knowledge of web technologies: PHP, MySQL, HTML and Javascript a plus 
ScrapedJobID353:
Implement solutions that solve complicated challenges around performance, scaling, and Design and develop applications, system to system interfaces and complete software Refine and enhance the development process used within our teams to drive improvements As a developer, you will manage your own time when accomplishing project goals and are As an operator, you will manage colonies of servers across multiple environments and Demonstrated software development experience in a professional development setting Knowledge of testing frameworks and source control systems (Git) Experience designing, developing, and implementing scalable and resilient restful API Experience with building and managing software packages and/or server images Experience in managing servers, networks, and infrastructure with broad knowledge of the Familiarity with building scalable distributed data processing and visualization tools Strong problem solving, algorithm design, and complexity analysis skills Exceptional communication, both written and spoken . Experience writing documentation and creating diagrams Experience working with cloud-based server environments . Experience with AWS services such as EC2, S3, RDS, Kinesis, SQS, SNS, etc. or other cloud . Familiarity with infrastructure as code tools such as CloudFormation or Terraform . Familiarity with DevOps tools such as Packer, Vagrant, Vault, and Consul Familiarity with monitoring tools such as Graphite, Influx, Statsd, Kibana and Logstash . Familiarity with databases, such as Redis, Cassandra, Elasticsearch, MySQL, or Postgres . Bachelor of Computer Science, equivalent degree or equivalent work experience . An interest in fraud detection and security 
ScrapedJobID354:
Partner with the creative and game directors to define the overall game and unify your visions; Meet with your team to brainstorm ideas, set benchmarks, share knowledge, provide feedback and coaching, present updates, etc; Research history, locations, and events to develop the game’s narrative vision and underlying themes; Support writers in developing content (plot, setting, characters, barks, dialogue, events, lore, item descriptions, tutorials, etc.) & provide guidance to lead scriptwriters to achieve quality; Communicate with collaborative teams to ensure consistency across the board; Review and discuss budgets and timelines with the producer; Cast actors & guide voice-over and motion capture recordings; Occasionally travel locally and abroad to present the game, meet with external partners, etc; Help with any marketing and public relations projects, and assist with localization needs; Participate in recruitment to build your scriptwriting team & foster their growth. A degree in Creative Writing, Literature, Film, or equivalent; At least 5 years of narrative design or writing experience in game production, or related experience + 2 years of leadership; Solid understanding of the video game industry, the market, and pop culture; A highly creative, collaborative, empathetic, and innovative spirit; Curiosity, flexibility, and plenty of resourcefulness; Exceptional problem-solving, organizational, communication, interpersonal, presentation, and mentorship skills; Ability to improvise and adapt to feedback. A hybrid, flexible work model Six weeks of vacation An enhanced parental leave program Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefits Package: Disability Insurance Dental Insurance Extended medical insurance (Optional) RRSP contribution Relocation Assistance Bonus (If Applicable) 
ScrapedJobID355:
B.S. in Computer Science, or equivalent background in data structures, algorithms, object-oriented design and systems architecture 1+ years of experience with at least one language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design Design, develop and maintain a highly distributed, scalable multiplayer environment using high quality C++ code Leverage AWS-based solutions that will solve the needs of the game development, publishing, customer service, and live operations teams Monitor, measure, and improve system stability and developer iteration time Proactively identify and solve problems that affect the development team Be an advocate for players and developers: Insist on the highest standards, drive to operational excellence, help create functional and engaging customer-centric features A passion for video games Experience in real time networking Experience working on PC games Experience coding against large data systems Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role 
ScrapedJobID356:
Develop responsive, resilient, massively scalable, and globally available services that support millions of players. Creatively blend security best practices and original techniques to keep user data secure and prevent cheating. Embrace and commit to the gutturalizing vision and plans for SRE principles and Best Practices. Apply and improve service deployment and troubleshooting strategies that maximize uptime. Drive design and implementation of APIs and protocols that are consistent, formalized, and testable. Demonstrate excellent technical problem-solving skills under iteratively changing requirements during development. Author and review technical design documents and API specifications detailing software requirements. Maintain a suite of automated tests that validate the correctness of backend services. 4-5+ years of job experience in a hands-on coding role. You have experience with various programming languages and frameworks (Java/Kotlin, C++, Typescript, Go). You’ve knowledge of platforms, architectures, and the CNCF landscape with a deep understanding of Kubernetes, Kubernetes API, and CRDs. You have experience with public cloud providers (AWS, GCP, Azure). You've deployed services using Kubernetes and containerization. You've shipped and supported scalable web services hosted in the cloud. You own large systems and features from design to deployment, including live service support. You develop high-quality, testable software. You have a desire to work with client engineers and designers to iteratively add features and improve APIs. You develop APIs for products that release new updates with zero downtime strategies and tools. You have experience with load testing, troubleshooting, and optimizing the performance of web services. You work on software that requires developing and optimizing queries and database access patterns. You're willing to iterate quickly and develop multiple short-lived prototypes. Bachelor/Master's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related field. You've worked in the games industry before. You have contributed to CNCF projects or built open-source tooling. You've shipped web services that scale to millions of daily users. You have experience working in large data-driven services. 
ScrapedJobID357:

ScrapedJobID358:
Design and develop new functionality of the platform Maintain and improve existing modules, subsystems and legacy code Take ownership of development tasks and implement on time and with high quality Understand underlying gaming domain and leverage the knowledge in design and development of the systems Design and implement unit and integration tests, and assist QA team with test case modeling Develop APIs and integrations with mobile clients and other systems Participate in troubleshooting and ongoing support of production systems Assist other team-members with resolving various development problems 5-8 years of Java development experience focusing on distributed server-side systems including web and stand-alone applications Good understanding of in-memory data-structures and associated algorithms Solid knowledge of Spring and Hibernate/JPA Solid SQL and data modeling knowledge Experience with MySQL or similar relational databases Experience with Web Services – REST and SOAP Good understanding of multi-threading and concurrency Experience with Groovy/Grails a strong asset Experience with spring boot web services Familiarity with Casino games (poker, etc) a strong asset Experience with Tomcat and Linux as operational environment Knowledge and experience with Object-Oriented and Service-Oriented Architectures Understanding of performance and scalability optimization Understanding of DB scaling and optimizations Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID359:
Designing, building, delivering and operating high-quality (reliable and intuitive to use) software systems, collaboratively with your cross-functional team Identifying opportunities to advance Canalyst’s state of the art, and taking responsibility to make it happen Building relationships and communicating effectively with other parts of the company, especially your expert colleagues in Equity Research Working directly with our clients to understand their needs and help them make full use of our products Participating in demos for the Engineering team, Product Management and the company at large Guiding and coaching less experienced developers in their approach to debugging, design and application of various software development paradigms Have experience in the Microsoft ecosystem, and be up to date on modern C# and .NET Have a strong foundation in computer science fundamentals, such as algorithmic complexity, asynchronicity and distributed computing Have experience in shipping pragmatic and high quality solutions with a sense of urgency Believe in and strive for uneventful and predictable code releases, and expect that they happen many times each day, supported by robust Continuous Integration and Delivery pipelines and extensive test coverage Be excited to learn from and work with experts in other disciplines Have a strong sense of ownership, a sense of humor, and strong collaboration skills Have a background or interest in financial modeling, financial technology, or capital markets Have experience building native Windows applications and Excel or Office Add-ins Have worked on internal software projects, and enjoy amplifying the efforts of other parts of the company Have experience working with agile methodology and frameworks like Scrum, Kanban, XP Regularly scheduled learning opportunities (software related reading groups, and market recaps from senior analysts) A day put aside every month to work on something that inspires you Social events and online games nights to keep things interesting. Demo presentations inside Engineering, and some that the rest of the company enjoys too - show off stuff you’ve built or learn about businesses that analysts have researched Annual continuing education budget to support you with what you need to be successful 
ScrapedJobID360:
Flexible working hours in an innovative and exciting industry Health and Wellness Allowance Parking or Transit Stipend Extra Holiday Days Never less than 15 days of vacation, even in your first year Ample paid sick days Health, Dental, Vision and complementary health - shared benefits coverage Located at beautiful Purdy's Wharf with access to many convenient amenities Two company events per year A games room with a pool table and ping pong gear A collaboration and relation space with three TVs to enjoy the latest game as you relax with your view of the harbour Many "Fun Factory" planned ongoing initiatives A collaborative, diverse and team focused environment that supports your growth as a professional This position will have the opportunity to build mobile applications for Kinduct's partners - some of the largest and most recognizable sports and media brands in the world such as NFL, FIFA, NBA, NHL, & MLB Develop core functionality and components for applications; services and websites, in support of Consumer and B2B facing users, by starting with business needs and objectives, creating functional and technical specifications and executing against a plan to launch and maintain applications Review project objectives and determine best technology for implementation Implement best practice standards for development and deployment of code and applications. Ensure clear/straightforward design and comprehensive documentation of code. Identify code/functionality that can be reused and pull it out, improve upon it, and publish it for appropriate reuse within the team. Review emerging technologies and evaluate potential uses for Technology Solutions and other divisions. Develop prototype projects using new technologies. Evaluate software products and vendors for Technology Solutions and other divisions. Recommend action, develop and lead implementation of selected products/services. Work with developers to ensure mobile code standards and best practices are performed for development of applications. Provide mentorship to more junior teammates as required. Strong knowledge of Objective-C or Swift Knowledge of common application and software design patterns Experience in integrating with and designing RESTful APls Familiarity with Git Knowledge of common iOS libraries for persistence, networking, and UI. Apple libraries preferred Knowledge of standard application security practices Take initiative with seeking out tasks, communication, and updating status; Ability to prioritize, multi-task, and perform effectively under pressure; Be willing to ask for assistance when roadblocks impede progress; Ability to define requirements and manage tasks with multiple deadlines under minimal supervision; Display reliability, integrity and trustworthiness; Demonstrate a willingness to learn new technologies during a product life cycle; Possess analytical and problem-solving skills; Displays creative and innovative thinking; Acceptance of differences in team members and a strong commitment to teamwork, cooperation and healthy behaviours Strong motivation to drive impact by creating great products and making improvements to same. Proactiveness, clear communicator of thoughts and ideas and fast learning. Interest in working in a very cross-functional team that touches many of the core systems and user flows at Kinduct. 
ScrapedJobID361:
Design and develop new functionality of the platform Maintain and improve existing modules, subsystems and legacy code Take ownership of development tasks and implement on time and with high quality Understand underlying gaming domain and leverage the knowledge in design and development of the systems Design and implement unit and integration tests, and assist QA team with test case modeling Develop APIs and integrations with mobile clients and other systems Participate in troubleshooting and ongoing support of production systems Assist other team-members with resolving various development problems 5-8 years of Java development experience focusing on distributed server-side systems including web and stand-alone applications Good understanding of in-memory data-structures and associated algorithms Solid knowledge of Spring and Hibernate/JPA Solid SQL and data modeling knowledge Experience with MySQL or similar relational databases Experience with Web Services – REST and SOAP Good understanding of multi-threading and concurrency Experience with Groovy/Grails a strong asset Experience with spring boot web services Familiarity with Casino games (poker, etc) a strong asset Experience with Tomcat and Linux as operational environment Knowledge and experience with Object-Oriented and Service-Oriented Architectures Understanding of performance and scalability optimization Understanding of DB scaling and optimizations Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID362:
Designing, building, delivering and operating high-quality (reliable and intuitive to use) software systems, collaboratively with your cross-functional team Identifying opportunities to advance Canalyst’s state of the art, and taking responsibility to make it happen Building relationships and communicating effectively with other parts of the company, especially your expert colleagues in Equity Research Working directly with our clients to understand their needs and help them make full use of our products Participating in demos for the Engineering team, Product Management and the company at large Guiding and coaching less experienced developers in their approach to debugging, design and application of various software development paradigms Have experience in the Microsoft ecosystem, and be up to date on modern C# and .NET Have a strong foundation in computer science fundamentals, such as algorithmic complexity, asynchronicity and distributed computing Have experience in shipping pragmatic and high quality solutions with a sense of urgency Believe in and strive for uneventful and predictable code releases, and expect that they happen many times each day, supported by robust Continuous Integration and Delivery pipelines and extensive test coverage Be excited to learn from and work with experts in other disciplines Have a strong sense of ownership, a sense of humor, and strong collaboration skills Have a background or interest in financial modeling, financial technology, or capital markets Have experience building native Windows applications and Excel or Office Add-ins Have worked on internal software projects, and enjoy amplifying the efforts of other parts of the company Have experience working with agile methodology and frameworks like Scrum, Kanban, XP Regularly scheduled learning opportunities (software related reading groups, and market recaps from senior analysts) A day put aside every month to work on something that inspires you Social events and online games nights to keep things interesting. Demo presentations inside Engineering, and some that the rest of the company enjoys too - show off stuff you’ve built or learn about businesses that analysts have researched Annual continuing education budget to support you with what you need to be successful 
ScrapedJobID363:
Flexible working hours in an innovative and exciting industry Health and Wellness Allowance Parking or Transit Stipend Extra Holiday Days Never less than 15 days of vacation, even in your first year Ample paid sick days Health, Dental, Vision and complementary health - shared benefits coverage Located at beautiful Purdy's Wharf with access to many convenient amenities Two company events per year A games room with a pool table and ping pong gear A collaboration and relation space with three TVs to enjoy the latest game as you relax with your view of the harbour Many "Fun Factory" planned ongoing initiatives A collaborative, diverse and team focused environment that supports your growth as a professional This position will have the opportunity to build mobile applications for Kinduct's partners - some of the largest and most recognizable sports and media brands in the world such as NFL, FIFA, NBA, NHL, & MLB Develop core functionality and components for applications; services and websites, in support of Consumer and B2B facing users, by starting with business needs and objectives, creating functional and technical specifications and executing against a plan to launch and maintain applications Review project objectives and determine best technology for implementation Implement best practice standards for development and deployment of code and applications. Ensure clear/straightforward design and comprehensive documentation of code. Identify code/functionality that can be reused and pull it out, improve upon it, and publish it for appropriate reuse within the team. Review emerging technologies and evaluate potential uses for Technology Solutions and other divisions. Develop prototype projects using new technologies. Evaluate software products and vendors for Technology Solutions and other divisions. Recommend action, develop and lead implementation of selected products/services. Work with developers to ensure mobile code standards and best practices are performed for development of applications. Provide mentorship to more junior teammates as required. Strong knowledge of Objective-C or Swift Knowledge of common application and software design patterns Experience in integrating with and designing RESTful APls Familiarity with Git Knowledge of common iOS libraries for persistence, networking, and UI. Apple libraries preferred Knowledge of standard application security practices Take initiative with seeking out tasks, communication, and updating status; Ability to prioritize, multi-task, and perform effectively under pressure; Be willing to ask for assistance when roadblocks impede progress; Ability to define requirements and manage tasks with multiple deadlines under minimal supervision; Display reliability, integrity and trustworthiness; Demonstrate a willingness to learn new technologies during a product life cycle; Possess analytical and problem-solving skills; Displays creative and innovative thinking; Acceptance of differences in team members and a strong commitment to teamwork, cooperation and healthy behaviours Strong motivation to drive impact by creating great products and making improvements to same. Proactiveness, clear communicator of thoughts and ideas and fast learning. Interest in working in a very cross-functional team that touches many of the core systems and user flows at Kinduct. 
ScrapedJobID364:
As a member of the core studio leadership team, take part in top-level strategic planning and decision-making Work with the CEO and CFO to define studio and product business plans and models Manage operations of the business across game production, administration, and infrastructure Define and manage the game development cycle, production methodologies, and milestones Lead the planning and implementation of production management process and tools Drive a program of ancillary products based on Humanoid IP, such as movies and TV, toys, books, and apparel Lead contract and milestone reviews for projects and partnerships University Degree in a related field such as Videogame/Film Production or Radio & Television Several years of work experience in production leadership and management roles Proven operational and business acumen across videogame, film and television, and tech industries Senior level Program Management experience on R&D projects that combine hardware, software, and platform Videogame Production credits at the Executive Producer or Director of Production level Business development experience adapting IP to ancillary products with multiple successful examples Experience creating and managing large-scale promotional events involving live demos, press, and consumers Demonstrated ability to grow the operations, production, creative and design capabilities within a company 
ScrapedJobID365:
Help plan product features and initiatives by providing a design perspective Create mockups and HTML prototypes for websites and mobile apps Work with developers to implement these designs as dynamic websites and apps using HTML, CSS, and Javascript Design real world promotional and marketing materials including business cards, tshirts, posters, product packaging, etc Create short animations and video for advertising and marketing purposes Update and maintain existing web content Capture requirements, create documentation, and communicate with stakeholders Portfolio that demonstrates your ability in both graphic and web design Degree or Diploma in Digital Graphic Design or a related discipline Three or more years of Javascript, CSS, and HTML targeting web, tablet, and mobile browsers using responsive web design Good interactive design sense: the ability to design and implement web and mobile elements utilizing modern UI/UX principles with minimal guidance Experienced in building wireframes and site/app prototyping Experienced in using Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator) and other industry-standard graphic design applications Video Editing and Animation experience (Adobe Premier, After Effects) Understanding of the importance of designing to meet business and project objectives Strong conceptual skills, an eye for detail, and the ability to take a project from inception to completion Experience with version control Comfort with start-up environments; You’re nimble in your thinking, and you understand how quickly priorities can shift in a startup environment Health, Dental, and Medical Benefits Friendly and collaborative environment Hours: 10-6pm- miss the rush-hour traffic! 
ScrapedJobID366:
Contribute, design, implement, test, and improve the Web 3 services, smart contracts, scripts Learn and collaborate with other team members to ensure high-quality product delivery that brings the best experience to game developers and gamers Write high-quality and scalable code that supports the existing and future functionality of the product At least 2 years of experience with scripting language (Python, Typescript, Javascript) Experience writing Smart Contracts Understanding of cloud data storage techniques and standard methodologies Understanding of the Blockchain space, wallets, minting and cryptocurrencies Experience with writing and maintaining efficient code at scale Experience with streaming assets Setup backend systems (Go, Java, Node.js) with databases (Redis, Mongo) Experience with C# and Unity Contribuer, concevoir, mettre en œuvre, tester et améliorer les services NFT, les contrats intelligents et les scripts Collaborer avec les membres de votre équipe pour apprendre et assurer la livraison de produits de haute qualité, qui offrent la meilleure expérience aux développeur(euse)s de jeux et aux joueurs Rédiger du code évolutif de grande qualité qui prend en charge les fonctionnalités actuelles et futures des produits Au moins 2 ans d'expérience avec un langage de script (Python, Typescript, Javascript) Une expérience dans l'écriture de contrats intelligents Une compréhension des techniques infonuagiques de stockage des données et des méthodologies standard Une compréhension de la thématique de la chaîne de blocs, des portefeuilles, de la frappe de monnaie et des cryptomonnaies (Bitcoin, Ethereum) Une expérience en matière de rédaction et de maintien d'un code efficace à l'échelle Une expérience des ressources de diffusion Une connaissance approfondie des systèmes back-end (Go, Java, Node.js) et des bases de données (Redis, Mongo) Une expérience avec C# et Unity 
ScrapedJobID367:
Build and maintain automated tests. Build, document, and maintain tools for the QA team. Understand and improve the automated test coverage of the game. Work with the QA team to identify areas where tools or processes could be improved. Help build and maintain the testing infrastructure used by the development team. Create and execute a variety of quality test plans including automation outlines and data collection. Identify and escalate QA risks to the QA Lead at all stages of development. Contribute to the testing strategies and highlight potential issues before they occur. Work closely with other departments to ensure new features can be automatically tested. Assist with manual testing and bug regressions when required. Reports to the QA Lead. Successfully shipped at least 3 titles (1 must be multi-platform) Experience testing applications on multiple platforms including (but not limited to) PC, Mac, Mobile, Console, VR/AR, Web Based applications, Simulators, etc. Ability to write, modify, and debug scripts used in automated testing and QA tools. Ability to maintain hardware and software used for automated testing. Strong knowledge of basic and advanced QA testing tools. Familiarity with 1st party requirements and guidelines. Skilled at communication, teamwork, and problem-solving. Reliable, productive, flexible, and takes initiative. 
ScrapedJobID368:
5+ years experience managing data warehouses, building ETL pipelines and integrating BI systems 1+ years experience leading data analysts and other engineers Experience with launching games and supporting LiveOps In-depth understanding of cloud datastores Scripting and coding expertise to integrate different systems Expertise in security and access controls Understanding of full stack software development and DevOps Familiarity with PlayFab or Firebase Knowledge of data science and machine learning techniques Working in Agile, Kanban, or similar project management methodologies Very competitive salary Excellent employee benefits + a health and wellness spend account Equity participation (you own a stake in what you’ll help make!) Unlimited paid vacation Remote / Work from home / Flexible hours Generous training & development allowance; ongoing Company events Dental care Extended health care Stock options Vision care Wellness program Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID369:
Craft and build game design software that empowers game designers to collaborate in ways never seen before Redefine Unity Editor workflows by your ideas and prototype implementations with the help of our designers. Design, implement and deploy innovative ML models for AI assisted artistry and content creation Experience with either TensorFlow, Keras, or PyTorch Extensive knowledge of modern neural network architectures. Experience implementing existing approaches based on convolutional networks, Transformer and set models Strong communication skills, both in person and via digital means with the ability to work in a team environment. Experience with Unity and C# Experience in character animation and/or game development Experience implementing and training GANs, VAEs, VAE-GANs, etc Duration: 15 or 16 weeks depending on your academic calendar. Start date May 2 or May 9 2022. Mentorship: You'll be working simultaneously with a manager and a mentor to help you develop your skills throughout your internship. Impact: Our interns are working right alongside full time team members on projects that have a lasting impact on our product and services. Networking & Development: Learning activities, networking opportunities, and social events take place throughout the summer to enrich your internship experience. Current students pursuing a relevant - Masters or PhD for this role, returning to their school program for at least one semester, and graduating in December 2022 or in the year 2023. Concevoir et créer des logiciels de conception de jeux qui permettent aux créateurs de jeux de collaborer d'une façon jamais vue auparavant Redéfinir les workflows de l'éditeur Unity par vos idées et implémentations de prototypes avec l'aide de nos designers Concevoir, mettre en œuvre et déployer des modèles d'apprentissage automatiques innovants pour l'art et la création de contenu assistés par l'IA Expérience avec TensorFlow, Keras ou PyTorch Connaissance des architectures de réseaux neuronaux modernes Expérience en mise en œuvre d'approches fondées sur des réseaux convolutifs, des transformateurs et des modèles établis Compétences de communication, tant en personne qu'au moyen de moyens numériques, avec la capacité de travailler en équipe Expérience avec Unity et C# Expérience en animation de personnages et/ou de développement de jeux Expérience en mise en œuvre et formation de NGAA, d'EAV, de VAE-NGAA, etc. Durée : 15 ou 16 semaines, selon votre calendrier scolaire Mentorat : Vous travaillerez simultanément avec un gestionnaire et un mentor pour vous aider à développer vos compétences tout au long de votre stage. Impact : Nos stagiaires travaillent aux côtés de membres d'équipe à temps plein sur des projets qui ont un impact durable sur nos produits et services. Réseautage et perfectionnement : Des activités d'apprentissage, des occasions de réseautage et des activités sociales ont lieu tout au long de l'été pour enrichir votre expérience de stage. Étudiant.e inscrit.e dans une programme universitaire pertinent, à la maîtrise ou au doctorat, retournant aux études pendant au moins un semestre, et qui terminera ses études soit en décembre 2022 ou en 2023. 
ScrapedJobID370:
Updating curriculum to address gaps or better reach new audiences or goals Transfering face-to-face training to a blended model by leading design of new program, distributed learning courseware, LMS course architecture and reporting, and onboarding program Integrating a task trainer or simulator into existing programs (designed in collaboration with our developers and artists) to build confidence, develop skills or address skill fade Increasing reporting potential of courseware or task trainers with xAPI or SCORM with developer support to improve access to information through a client’s existing content management system, or by offering new options Collaborate with clients and product management to identify training needs: Get to know learners and their characteristics, the tasks of a position, and what successful performance of these tasks looks like. Work with the client or subject matter experts to identify resources for developing learning materials. Support clients in understanding the best media and technologies to meet training needs. Break down complex information into an engaging and easy to understand format: Create storyboards for eLearning courses, task trainers, simulators and serious games according to instructional design principles. Define reporting, onboarding, and administration needs to develop a training delivery plan including course architecture and deployment/reporting strategies. Examine, review and correct content for accuracy, consistency and accessible learner experience Produce and publish media-rich, responsive content: Create interactions and assemble course content using eLearning software. Test Distributed Learning packages in Learning Management Systems (LMS) and assess effectiveness, including SCORM/xAPI reporting. Work with other Learning Designers to grow and enhance your discipline expertise and best practices. Extended health benefits including dental, life insurance, vision care and mental wellness program Optional bi-weekly team social hosted by the Culture Committee Professional development program Flexible work hours 3 weeks vacation to start Work from home stipend All candidates must be Canadian citizens or permanent residents of Canada. All candidates must be willing to undergo security assessments as required by Public Services and Procurement Canada. 
ScrapedJobID371:
Special Projects and Developments (35%) Demonstrate willingness to learn all aspects of technical systems Create and develop for new special projects or add-ons/upgrades to existing projects. Implement, test, and maintain libraries for shared or useful functions Design, provision, and create new environments for new games or other projects Support decisions with research, reasoning, compare options, and make recommendations based on pros and cons Maintain thorough understanding of security and latest risk trends Collaborate with team members, support team, and game developers to solve problems or issues Consultation (25%) Diagnose issues from technical perspective to resolve an issue and create workaround solution or escalate to respective developers Investigate and solve problems from user reports leveraging strengths of team members Attack problems using logical, systemic, and sequential approach Ensure technical infrastructure is delivering and fulfilling requirements Determine reasonable time frames for tasks and identify risks that can jeopardize the time frame Server Administration and Game Updates (15%) Monitor, install, or update game server software Review updates for technical quality and changes to technical demands Manage network, server, and other technical infrastructure Maintain a stable and secure infrastructure Update and keep relevant documentation Tech Leadership (10%) Embody technology as a means to solve business problems Think ahead to how technology can improve the organization Promote operational benefits through the use of technology and craft new ways to make things more efficient Analyze, troubleshoot, and resolve issues with any company technology, where possible, and as required Predict technology costs and anticipate technology budget Incorporate feedback from team members and other organizational groups Mentoring (10%) Be mentor and coach to other team members Review work produced by team members Manage load and team morale View the team's success as your success Enterprise Backup Administration (5%) Design coverage and ensure functioning of backup and recovery plan together with Managed Services Provider. Be on lookout for signs of failures of backups systems Learn, develop, and implement best practices Be cautious and test recovery scenarios and options Anticipate future backup needs and storage requirements Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent experience and understanding Experience with web/software development or system/network administration Strong understanding of client/server systems Strong understanding of network architecture and applications Strong understanding of web sites and web technologies Comfortable learning and taking ownership of all aspects of technical systems Effective written and oral communication skills Understand the strategic importance and the big picture of your decisions Willingness to work with many disciplines: application development, network management, technical architecture, database management, operations, backups and disaster recovery, and information security Experience with Hyper-V or other virtualization solution Experience with Microsoft SQL, MySQL, or other relational database system Experience with web-related technologies including ASP.NET/C#, HTML, JavaScript/jQuery, CSS Experience with computer/server hardware and remote control/management technologies Experience with web services an asset Experience with CDNs and HTTP cache an asset Experience with SEO an asset Exposure to diverse technologies and environments an asset Proficient analyzing network traffic using WireShark, Fiddler, etc. Open to new ideas and new ways to do things Can work in harmony with others in a team in person or remotely Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID372:
Brainstorm, R&D, and implement streamlined & artist-friendly real-time content creation pipelines and toolsets – real-time engine tools development. Integrate into the real-time game build artist-provided or self-created assets from various third-party digital content creation software. Create required UI’s/Front End menu frameworks. Seek out, fix and optimize performance issues including, but not limited to frame rate issues, memory problems, and material errors. Document results and processes. Develop product hypotheses & meet with end-users to validate and expand upon findings. Work with various team members to integrate and optimize assets. Work with various team members to conceptualize streamlined asset creation and integration workflows and associated toolsets. Collaborate with the development team to conceptualize and implement asset integration workflows and toolsets. Engage in Agile project management methodologies, set, meet, & review sprint targets. Identify and solve technical problems with existing tools. Senior level AAA game engines experience (e.g. Unity, Unreal). Senior level Programming experience (e.g. C++, C#). Senior level Scripting experience (e.g. Python, Javascript, MEL). Experience supporting game engine builds and associated software (ie. perForce). Working knowledge of CG Industry-standard digital content creation tools (e.g. Harmony, Maya, Photoshop, Substance Designer, Blender, Houdini, Nuke, etc). Working knowledge of industry-standard third-party game engine asset libraries, plugins, and tools. Strong problem-solving skills and intellectual curiosity. Experience with agile project management. Experience with cloud services (e.g. AWS, Digital Ocean). Experience with web analytics (e.g. Google Analytics). Experience with online payment systems. Experience working at a start-up. 
ScrapedJobID373:
The position is permanent, full-time. We're open to developers with several years of practical team experience. Variety of work is appreciated. The Voices team is located in London, Ontario Canada, but you could be elsewhere in Canada. You will work on the Voices web UI, backend controls, APIs & app logic, special architecture projects, and everything in between. PHP and vanilla JS (and sometimes Node.js) are our primary languages. Familiarity with modern PHP & JS is a bonus. You should be able to help plan team sprints and projects through estimation and cooperative research. You will have the opportunity to develop new features and find ways to improve the product. Sometimes these features will span multiple teams for an all-hands approach. You will also handle internal support conversations, investigate trouble tickets, and contribute to occasional infrastructure projects. Building customer-facing and internal user interfaces with CSS from LESS/SASS, HTML & JS. Creating and extending an MVC application using PHP frameworks (CodeIgniter, Laravel) and occasional scripts. Other technologies also play a role. Applying your knowledge of accessibility standards (AODA, WCAG) and site security (OWASP) to improve life for our users. Testing your work for performance and bottleneck improvements. Building or extending our internal APIs and 3rd-party integrations (Salesforce, S3, SQS, and other AWS services). Working with multiple Git branches, writing and reviewing Pull Requests (BitBucket), and pushing production-level code regularly and on a schedule. Help prepare the test and release plan for your work by creating DB migration scripts and collaborating with the testing team. Helping to maintain our internal component library & design system, and contribute to build scripts (Gulp, Webpack, Babel). Building new product pages and functionality for our website and documenting projects (Confluence). Writing and updating technical documentation and requirements. Reviewing and triaging support conversations. Fixing bugs and following up with our Product and Support teams. Collaborating via Slack, Figma, and regular video or in-person chats. You want to ship regularly. Your passion is to build end-to-end software. You always want to improve and learn. You understand the importance of quality code. Your code is documented, understandable and predictable. Tests are written with confidence. You’re comfortable with a varied stack. You have production-level experience with JavaScript, PHP, React, build & migration scripts, and even asynchronous queues. You can explain your thinking. You are able to communicate your ideas or issues well. Your goal is to build for everyone. You are skilled in developing front-ends from scratch to create valid, reusable, performant, and accessible pages at all screen sizes. You are self-motivated and can work independently. You take the initiative to make sure that you have everything you need and will call for support when required. You love learning. You thrive on solving problems, learning new tricks, bridging the gaps between new and old, and want to keep getting even better. You love sharing. Helping your team based on your experience is time well spent. You have 3+ years experience in database-driven web site development. You earned a BS or MS in Computer Science, Diploma in Web Development or have the equivalent work experience. Development Manager Technical Project Managers Product Managers Product Designers UX Researchers Product & Marketing Developers Infrastructure Developers Quality Assurance Team Voices had all of our colleagues working from home with their laptops, monitor, accessories includes their ergonomic chairs by Monday March 16th, 2020 We hold virtual huddle every Monday and bi-weekly virtual Town Halls We care about the mental health of our colleagues through our EFAP program and human connection through our optional virtual social events such as meditation, stretching, games, happy hours, etc. 
ScrapedJobID374:
Builds, modifies, and repairs electronic components, using a soldering iron, operates various test equipment, such as multimeter, logic and test probes, and verify to processing specifications. Evaluates, calibrates, and tests new equipment, Performs preventive maintenance and repair of utility, process and test equipment; troubleshoots computer interfaces to equipment. Excellent customer service skills Positive and energetic Solid work ethic Strong attention to detail Great communication skills and practices (verbal and written) Able to handle feedback, coachable Interested in personal growth and learning Mature Team player Ability to set up new adventures 10 hour shift 8 hour shift Weekend availability No 
ScrapedJobID375:
Design, prototype, build and maintain APIs, tools, code and a scalable infrastructure for operating Ubisoft Connect's machine learning pipeline at scale. Synch up with your team to discuss work-in-progress, ideas, and blockers; plan and prioritize; overcome issues; etc. Be a key member of the team, participate in the decisions and implementations to improve the platform’s quality. Work closely with Data Scientists to design and implement the optimal environment for their maximized efficiency. Advocate for automation and monitoring at all steps of the ML pipeline and help to define best practices based on personal industry experience and research. Stay current on technological advancements to help develop yourself, the platform and position Ubisoft as a leader of the domain. Experience in Software/Data engineering (or related experience). Experience with modern infrastructure, tools and cloud technology (e.g. AWS, EMR, Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, etc.). Knowledge of Python, Java. Experience with big data technologies, like Kafka, S3, Spark, and Hive. Experience building and interacting with REST APIs. Familiar with GitLab and its CI/CD tool. A constant desire to grow and learn. Strong communication and collaboration skills. Ability to navigate between the big picture and the micro details. You love being responsible for owning and improving a new, fast-growing platform. You are curious and like asking questions until you fully understand why/what you are doing. A desire to see teammates succeed together. Experience with maintaining architectures for end-to-end Machine Learning in the cloud. Familiarity with industry standards such as MLFlow, Airflow... Knowledge of additional programming languages like Scala. Exposure to automated testing and CI/CD in the ML context. Good understanding of ML concepts. An understanding of the video game industry. Your CV, highlighting your background and skills 
ScrapedJobID376:
Support all HR processes of our international team Work directly with the CEOs and the HR Manager on the HR strategy and recruiting needs Support 360º recruitment process of all internal and external channels from job requirement to contract signature and employees relocation and onboarding Help us build an international talent pipeline Apply, adapt and identify broader talent acquisition strategies such as University networks Establish and maintain an attractive global employer branding Support our internal employee satisfaction measures, incl. the employee surveys Creating HR documents such as contracts, side letters, reference letters, etc. Studying Business Management, Psychology, Law or similar course, preferably with a focus on Human Resources First experience in recruiting/active sourcing is beneficial Ability to concentrate on tasks for extended periods of time without losing the focus Ability to learn quickly and adapt easily, with a "can do" attitude Hands on approach – always wanting to take on projects and be part of building a great recruitment and HR function Excellent organization skills Good Microsoft Office skills (Excel, PowerPoint, Word) You have excellent French and English language skills, other languages are a plus´ Become part of the company which develops category-leading games Develop games that are among the fastest growing apps on mobile and Facebook Work in a highly creative environment with a super-flat hierarchy Enjoy the freedom to create and drive new ideas and processes to constantly improve all aspects of HR Receive a competitive salary and health care Join our (remote) office in Montréal. Work with a very experienced and talented group of game-designers and developers at our centrally located office, when we are going back. Or remote. Experience start-up spirit and the ability to have significant impact At the same time, you will be able to plug into our capabilities as a fully-fledged video-game development studio. MegaZebra has a ten-year track-record developing and publishing our own games. So, you get the best of both world 
ScrapedJobID377:
At least 3 years of experience in software programming, ideally in the video game industry or any other relevant experience A degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering (or equivalent) Excellent proficiency in various programming languages, especially C# and WPF Good notions of the python programming language Good analytical and synthesis skills + attention to detail Ability to work as part of a team + good interpersonal and communication skills Autonomy, curiosity, and resourcefulness that push you to go talk to people Flexibility in the organization of your work, allowing you to adapt to changes 
ScrapedJobID378:
Evolve, expand, and support our custom tool suite for grooming, tailoring, cloth/hair simulation, and additional in-shot work (e.g. sculpting, character performance tuning) Develop new approaches for art-directed simulation with a high level of artistic control Expand our procedural geometry tools for creating hair styles and fur grooms, Collaborate with artists on developing intuitive visualizations and interactive workflows Our engineers get the opportunity to work on the full stack of our tools, from developing the underlying algorithms through building intuitive artist-friendly interfaces. Work hand in hand with artists to make the tools we need for the incredibly complex and rich characters and environments featured in our movies. Support the artists in their day-to-day work including debugging any issues with the tools as well as brainstorming on the best use of the tools to solve a particular creative challenge. Develop new artist-centric interaction models using the latest hardware and technologies. Professional experience in a software developer role Master’s/Ph.D. with specialization in Computer Graphics (with a focus on areas related to our hair and cloth toolset) or comparable industry experience in a research, studio, or games environment Proficiency in C++, strong software design and engineering skills Strong mathematical fundamentals, such as linear algebra and numerical methods Excellent problem solving, troubleshooting and debugging skills Ability to develop and optimize algorithms for efficiency and scalability Deep understanding of computer graphics foundational concepts, algorithms, and related artistic workflows Ability to prioritize competing demands Exemplary communication, including the ability to engage with artists to understand their requirements and formulate practical solutions Experience working in an Animation production environment Expertise in performance tuning and writing/debugging of parallel and vectorized code Knowledge of the latest publications in the academic community relevant to hair and cloth Familiarity with UI development toolkits (QT) for building clean interfaces Ability to adapt and extend relevant research to production-level tools tailored to the specific art-directed needs Working knowledge of Python Other expertise: Maya, Houdini, USD, OpenGL 
ScrapedJobID379:
At least 5 years of experience in software programming, ideally in the video game industry or any other relevant experience A degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering (or equivalent) Excellent proficiency in various programming languages, especially C# and C++ (JS is an asset) Good analytical and synthesis skills + attention to detail Ability to work as part of a team + good interpersonal and communication skills Autonomy, curiosity, and resourcefulness that push you to go talk to people Flexibility in the organization of your work, allowing you to adapt to changes Development experience on game engine (Scimitar / Anvil) (a strong asset) Fullstack development experience (JS) (a strong asset) Your CV, highlighting your background and skills 
ScrapedJobID380:
Work and communicate directly with all members of the game team on a regular basis to develop the game and its design throughout production, while remaining in-line with required timelines Write and maintain living design documents for use by design, production, development, and QA staff. Hands-on work during production including play-testing, tuning, data-entry, content creation, and some scripting. Ensure all delivered versions of assigned games are thoroughly play-tested with a design-critical approach and report all issues and required changes. Identify and help to prioritize any issues in assigned games in conjunction with production and other team leads. Identify and report any aspects of the assigned game, its design, or its development process, which may compromise its final quality or overall success. Develop—or contribute to—new concepts and game pitches for the studio as required. Play—and contribute feedback for—all games currently in development or prototyping. Contribute to the studio’s growing philosophy of game design, and how we make games. 4+ years’ experience in the games industry Basic scripting experience (C#, XML / JSON, VBA) Fluency with Microsoft Excel Experience with the Unity game engine Degree (any subject)—or alternatively—games industry experience Technical knowledge of the videogame development process An avid player of both PC and console games Deep interest and knowledge in one or more mainstream sports. Casual dress Dental care Employee assistance program Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Wellness program Day shift Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID381:
You’ll have extensive demonstrable experience of C++ development along with being an expert in Windows OS internals (WIN32 API and Multi-threading), computer networks and distributed applications. You will be working on core backend server components which operate 24/7 and constitute the backbone of company gaming and CRM operations. It is highly desirable to have a clear understanding of TCP/IP,UDP and HTTP protocols. You must have experience in designing efficient algorithms and knowledge of STL library as you will be supporting and driving architectural decisions with respect to our core game system platforms. You should be able to manage stress and meet deadlines to ensure our infrastructure continues to scale successfully with our growing player base. It’s important that you have experience with relational database (SQL Server, DB2) and a Master’s in Computer Science or equivalent experience as you’ll be delivering high quality software and provide support to our QA teams. Experience with test driven development and agile methodologies will be an added benefit for this role along with an understanding of poker and other card games or the online poker industry. Knowledge of network security (PKI, TLS/SSL) will be beneficial as will experience with high-demand 24/7 operations and a familiarity with OpenSSL and Pseudo/Hardware RNGs. The salary for this job is based on experience, so whilst we are not able to go into detail at this stage, we can say that we offer great salary packages and a discretionary annual performance bonus. Our experience-based salaries are competitive. Plus, there’s a discretionary annual performance bonus. We offer health and dental insurance for you and your dependents plus you can join our company pension scheme. Our in-house training and development team deliver fantastic support to develop your skills and support you in progressing your career. We have on-site yoga a few times a week and lunch is on us. We also have fresh fruit, snacks and drinks in the office so you won’t go hungry. Health and dental insurance for you, your partner and your children (if you all live at the same address) A personal interest allowance to let you learn something new or pursue a hobby $1,900 as congratulations if you have a baby whilst you work for us Discounts on local gyms, restaurants and events Free snacks and catered lunch In-house training and development to develop your skills, progressing your career. 
ScrapedJobID382:
Greet customers and welcome those participants in class Explain all program rules and policies to kids and parents Adhere to strict safety rules for Lil’ Strikers participants Manage and organize daily lesson plans for classes. Weekly curriculum is provided Responsible for set up, clean up, and maintaining a field Attend pre-shift training and planning meetings before classes Continued coaches training throughout the seasons Providing recommendation cards to students at the end of each session Communication before and after classes with parents about their child’s progress Attend daily meetings before class and quarterly training Requirement to work at least 1 weekend shift each week Required to work consistent shifts throughout each session Performs other related duties as assigned by the Supervisor or Manager Willingness to be a Team Player and a Hard Worker. Prior experience as a coach not required Must be able to communicate clearly with supervisors and with customers Be able to reach, bend, stoop and frequently lift up to 25 pounds. Be able to work on your feet for an extended period of time Must be able to work weekends Love working with kids 
ScrapedJobID383:
A bachelor's degree in computer science or computer engineering A minimum of 8 years of software development experience A minimum of 3 years experience in managing a team of programmers (task distribution, performance evaluation, etc.) A good command of different programming languages (C ++, C #, SQL, WPF and others) Excellent communication and strategic leadership skills The ability to stay calm in difficult situations (you know there is always a solution) The ability to put yourself in the shoes of other trades and users of your systems Strong interest in the video game production process Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID384:
Create detailed KPI driven roadmaps for the live operations of our Hyper Casual titles Develop and own the overall vision of the game live operations, own the game features and roadmap from end to end Lead cross-functional game teams Oversee the game economy, game mechanics & monetization designs Lead and balance game KPI’s based on data and market trends Communicate and prioritize game design decisions to relevant stakeholders; facilitate the production process and be involved in critical review milestones Use AB testing and iteration to fine-tune our games through new features and events, increase LTV and decrease eCPI Be a focal point for the lab with related departments (R&D, BI, Marketing, etc.) to ensure full sync and resource optimization 2+ years of product experience in a hyper-casual gaming company Experience with a/b tests, POCs and feature analysis, and data-based decision making Solid knowledge of the gaming world including market trends Positive and self-driven, with the ability to be collaborative in a team environment Solid understanding of complex B2C systems (client, server, architecture, BI systems) Broad understanding of core-loop, meta-game, game-balance, economy, and monetization models - Have a track record designing high impact features for live games Passionate about making F2P mobile games, creating fun & engaging user experiences Good communication skills, ability to develop and maintain an excellent and trusting relationship with game developers/ studios. Join an experienced, supportive, and creative team of professionals Make an impact - shape our next hit mobile games, reaching millions of people worldwide! Personal growth - we encourage continuous learning and development within our international teams Competitive compensation - As an international team, we also offer visa & relocation support. 
ScrapedJobID385:
Work as part of an Agile development team to write, test and release Java applications Participating in code reviews and business/technical discussions Providing input into and following established development guidelines and standards Assist with the triaging of defects and bringing them to resolution When applicable, assist with design of Java applications under the direction of Architect When required, research and evaluation of new technologies and tools for development Assist the Agile team with the estimating, planning and prioritizing of work with the Product Owner Be an activate participant in all Agile processes On-call expectation University degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience with demonstrated progressive responsibilities 7+ years’ experience in Java / J2EE web application development (JSP, Servlets, EJB, etc.) 4+ years’ experience with frontend technologies (JavaScript, jQuery, HTML5/CSS, Responsive Web Design) Experience with Spring framework, Spring Boot, Docker, Ansible, GitLab, CI/CD, Angular, Bootstrap, NodeJS or other JavaScript Frameworks a plus. 4+ years’ experience with Linux Minimum 2 years’ experience with agile methodologies Strong working knowledge of SQL Proven ability to write well-documented, high performance, reliable, maintainable code Commitment to delivering high quality solutions in an Agile, team-focused environment In-depth experience with object-oriented design/development Working knowledge of Postgres databases an asset Excellent ability to learn new technologies quickly Must work collaboratively with other departments and all levels within the organization Excellent verbal and written communication skills Creative/innovative thinker Strong analytical, problem resolution and decision making skills Experience building and deploying containerized applications under Docker/Ansible/Kubernetes an asset 
ScrapedJobID386:
Gather solutions from the domain to set up a complete ecosystem of tools + define its long-term technological vision and technical roadmap. Meet regularly with your project manager, technical leads, and programmers to discuss progress and obstacles along the way. Provide technical oversight by reviewing technical designs and code as well as performing validations to ensure a high level of optimization. Equip your team with all it needs to work efficiently and deliver quality (tools, pipelines, etc.). Anticipate and assess complex, urgent issues + propose adapted solutions. Help facilitate reuse, sharing, and collaboration across Ubisoft. Work closely with other architects and technical leads on different projects to discuss technologies and align your practices + stay current with industry advances and standards. Advance the technology vision in collaboration with interdependent teams in Montreal, Winnipeg, Montpelier, and Bucharest. Extensive programming and technical leadership experience Proficiency in C# and JavaScript/TypeScript An aptitude for code optimization In-depth knowledge of:
SQL/NoSQLREST APIsdistributed systems/microservices architecture SQL/NoSQL REST APIs distributed systems/microservices architecture Familiarity with content creation services and tools such as Shotgun An understanding of continuous integration and deployment (CI/CD) A degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering (or other relevant training) Interpersonal and communication skills that allow you to reinforce collaboration (especially in distributed teams) A desire to share your knowledge to push the boundaries of technology & help others improve their skills Your CV, highlighting your background and skills 
ScrapedJobID387:
Work on all phases of the software development life cycle in an Agile environment on IoT and embedded projects for in-vehicle devices Analyze the needs for new embedded products and components Write the software requirements and design documents Contribute to the design of software architectures Develop real-time embedded applications in C/C++ for ARM Cortex, PIC, NXP, and Nordic RF chips Debug and test your code and algorithms Work with the team in resolving field issues Maintain software products after their releases (bug fixes and adding functions) Bachelor’s degree in engineering (Software, Computer or Electrical) 15 years + of professional experience in a similar position Strong RF domain knowledge with at least 7 years of hands-on software development experience Extensive Experience with programming languages such as C and C++ Experience with system integration and test Experience developing real-time and multi-task software Experience developing wireless interface (RF, and Bluetooth/BLE) Experience with software architectures for ARM Cortex Experience with communications peripherals such as CAN, UART, SPI, I2C Excellent communication verbal and written skills (English and French) You are a team player, and result oriented Autonomous, honest, and organized Systematic approach to problem solving Experience developing serial interfaces (LIN, J1850 and OBDII) Experience developing firmware/drive for cellular and GPS applications Experience in ASM programming Experience with SiLabs cortex M4 and M0 Experience with software architectures 8051 and PIC A modern working environment with a flexible schedule Great health benefits and RRSP with employer contribution Gym and game tables 
ScrapedJobID388:
Design and implement gameplay systems related to world generation, performance and optimization Drive engine and feature improvements, optimize and refactor code, and identify and solve performance issues Test software and address bug issues as needed Participate in code reviews and provide constructive feedback on how to develop and improve processes, tools and workflows Build strong relationships and communicate effectively with both internal team members and our external partners Identify and provide updates on technology risks and obstacles to technical directors and project managers Learn new technologies and systems to meet our technical and business needs Professional software development experience in games or a related industry Strong proficiency in C++ is required Experience designing, developing and maintaining software systems Excellent optimization and debugging skills A creative thinker with strong problem-solving skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills Self-directed and takes initiative in order to drive progress Experience shipping one or more game titles Experience providing technical leadership and/or mentorship to other engineers A passion for Minecraft or games in general! 
ScrapedJobID389:
A healthy work/life balance and employee wellness. Exhausted developers are bad developers. We want you to enjoy your life outside of work A great bonus structure and generous vacation allowance We care about your career and foster a culture of learning. We provide dedicated time to improve your skills, lunch and learns, online and live courses, knowledge sharing between team members, and many more opportunities We value open, honest communication between team members, challenging each other to continually improve We take our work seriously, but ourselves a little less so. Events are planned throughout the year to celebrate our successes, be it backyard BBQs, bowling, or game nights A company subsidized cafeteria with a variety of daily options Flexible work arrangements and remote work arrangements for those who meet the distance qualification. We also give an additional day off each year so that you can spend that time helping a charitable organization Be a part of a team of developers to design and program high-performance, scalable multi-tiered applications and database solutions Recommend and implement system designs based on long-term IT organization strategy Work closely with business and systems analysts, and QA to develop alternative solutions to meet business needs Analyze production system problems and recommend solutions Investigate and solve production problems with minimal guidance Research and recommend technologies to the team and management to help keep our tech stack up-to-date Mentor junior team members in good coding practices and new technologies At least 3 years of experience with Microsoft .NET Framework / .NET CORE At least 3 years of experience with Microsoft SQL Server and Transact SQL Experience creating backend .Net web services development using C# and/or Visual Basic Experience with XML and related technologies like XSD, SOAP, WSDL, Web API Understanding of functional and object-oriented programming concepts A mentality of striving to achieve releases early and adding additional functionality to the releases or pushing code early. Highly motivated team player as well as a strong individual contributor Effective verbal and written communications, with an ability to effectively convey information, concepts, and ideas to others Degree or diploma in Computer Science or a related field 
ScrapedJobID390:
Competitive salary & vacation packages Access to 24/7 on demand online healthcare service Generous referral program Extensive summer hours & flex time Year-round events, from massive to casual and everything in between Beautiful office right near Namur metro home office subsidy Remote work option Learning Assistance program Working alongside super talented and friendly people that like to drive innovation Work with other developers, team leads and product owner Helps develop highly performing financial components, ETLs/ELTs, Payment engines... Contribute technical expertise to all aspects of our software development process Ensure Quality guidelines are met and followed on each iteration Support the entire development methodology process Conduct code reviews for the development teams Help create self-contained, reusable, and testable modules and components Build re-usable code and libraries Implement security and data protection Optimize solutions using good industry practices Participate and contribute into architecting and automating the build and deployment process (CICD) Technical analysis with flow diagrams and documenting the code Understand the problem that the software is supposed to solve, design a solution, help develop and test it before releasing, test designs should have an adequate code coverage, integration test governed by BDD best practices, and load test. Maintain high standards of software quality within the team with the utilization of good practices and habits Participate in peer-reviews of solution designs and related code Support deployment of releases Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX Designs if applicable Integrate Web designs provided by UI/UX department if applicable Work in an Agile development team Polyglot in Python / Java Excellent knowledge of DynamoDB or equivalent NoSQL Good Knowledge of AWS Redshift or Snowflake Good knowledge in Kinesis/ Kinesis Streams Good knowledge in AWS Serverless architecture and design with hands-on Solid knowledge of SLDC and different Java Design Patterns and Software Design Patterns and SOLID principles Solid knowledge of Microservices concepts Knowledge of Double-Entry Accounting and Financial Processes and reporting is an asset Knowledge of distributed systems and event driven systems is an asset Knowledge of Payment Gateways and Processors is an asset Cloud Computing Concepts preferably AWS and knowledge of CloudFormation or Terraform is an asset 5+ years experience in software engineering 
ScrapedJobID391:
Analyzing multiple data sources in detail to identify trends and problem indicators Cleaning data to ensure proper classification of market problems Looking for data trends not previously identified through deep understanding of the data Transforming data using SQL, Python, etc. to identify trends that lead to actionable problems Developing groupings of claims to support identification and classification of market problems Effectively generating ideas and supporting building tools to automate analysis process Utilizing predictive analytics (Forecasting) to support future growth to ensure action is taken at the appropriate time 8+ years of experience with SQL. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Collaborate with business analysts, developers, database administrators and project managers on reporting and data projects. Ability to translate complex source data into a consumable format and structure. Expertise in data visualization, including dashboard development and design principles using Looker (or Power BI, Tableau, other reporting tools). Experience with big data technologies and/or in-memory/column-oriented databases (Hadoop/Hive/Spark, Vertica, Teradata, SAP HANA, Snowflake, Bigquery or Redshift etc) Experience in designing and implementing complex, multi-step, incremental data models. Experience in performing data profiling, data mapping, and data quality validation. Have a good understanding of industry-standard design patterns for data warehouse data models (Kimball) Computer Science or equivalent higher education. Positive and solution-oriented mindset, willing to try and learn new technologies. 
ScrapedJobID392:
A developer who utilizes PHPadvanced server-side programming language to design, code, or maintain web applications is a PHPDevelopers use PHP to do front-end and back-end web development. They also have comprehensive technical knowledge of other programming and computer technologies. This allows them to be able to integrate their applications with other systems and software. PHPmeans PHPHypertext Processors that is used to handle (HTML) documents or other websites. Developer may work in computer labs or offices, spending long hours at their desks coding, testing, and implementing. PHPdevelopers make good wages and receive benefits when employed to companies. They often work as freelance programmers as well. The responsibilities of a PHPinclude: Produce detailed specifications Write “clean”, well designed code Troubleshoot, test and maintain the core product software and databases to ensure strong optimization and functionality Contribute in all phases of the development lifecycle Follow industry best practices Develop and deploy new features to facilitate related procedures and tools if necessary Documenting technical specifications Testing for application bugs Writing programming code Designing the application according to specifications Coordinating with designers, administrators, and other programmers Prioritizing tasksand daily activities Organizing projects 5+ years of software development experience in PHP Understanding of open source projects like git, codeingniter, Laraval, HMVC, eft, Rest Excellent knowledge of OOP in PHP with MySql Demonstrable knowledge of web technologies including HTML, CSS, Javascript, JQuery etc Well-versed with Java, Python, C++ or C#, iOS and android Good knowledge of relational databases, version control tools and of developing web services Experience in common third-party APIs Experience managing huge volume of transactions (ex. ecommerce, game, etc.) Data science expertise Passion for best design and coding practices and a desire to develop new bold ideas Excellent programming, debugging, and implementation skills Team work capabilities Positive outlook Flexibility and dependability Innovative Effective communication strategies Good graphical knowledge and expertise Adaptability Technical knowledgeand comprehension of web protocols 
ScrapedJobID393:
Construire de nouvelles structures de données et étendre les structures existantes pour prendre en charge l'analyse des jeux; Maintenir de grandes bases de données Apache Spark de plusieurs téraoctets qui incluent l'optimisation des performances et les processus de rétention et de purge des données; Rechercher et régler les problèmes de qualité des données, fournir des corrections et proposer des solutions à court et à long terme; Préparer la conception des systèmes de base de données et recommander des améliorations en matière de performance; Maintenir et développer divers scripts et outils de base de données Python / Scala pour faciliter les processus d'automatisation; Fournir un soutien lié à toutes les initiatives de suivi des données; Évaluer la mise en place du suivi des données dans le jeu pour toutes les demandes de propositions et aider à améliorer la structure et le schéma des rapports pour optimiser la vitesse des requêtes; Aider les spécialistes de la science des données à rassembler les données et à construire des tables de travail pour accélérer l'analyse; Optimiser les requêtes SQL pour améliorer la vitesse de traitement des clusters Spark. Build new and extend existing data structures to support game analytics; Maintain large, multi-terabyte Apache Spark databases which includes performance tuning and data retention/purge processes; Research and troubleshoot data quality issues, providing fixes and proposing both short- and long-term solutions; Prepare designs for database systems and recommend improvements for performance; Maintain and develop various Python / Scala database scripts and tools to facilitate automation processes; Provide support related to all data tracking initiatives; Evaluate the implementation of data tracking in the game all proposals requests and assist to improve the logs structure and schema to optimize for querying speed; Assist data scientists to wrangle data and build working tables to speed analysis; Optimize SQL queries to improve processing speeds on Spark clusters. Passion pour les jeux vidéo; Minimum 3 ans d'expérience dans un rôle similaire dans le développement, la gestion, la maintenance et l'optimisation d'environnements de données de plusieurs téraoctets, y compris les pipelines de données et les processus ETL qui leur sont associés; Très forte expérience avec Apache Spark ou une technologie similaire; Excellentes compétences en SQL; Solide expérience dans les langages de script et de programmation tels que Python, Scala, Linux Shell, C# scripting; Expérience en modélisation de données pour les environnements transactionnels et d'entreposage de données, y compris la familiarité avec les normes de modélisation dimensionnelle de Kimball et 3NF; Expérience de travail avec une variété de sources de données telles que MySQL, Oracle, SQL Server, PostgreSQL, S3, HDFS, et Dynamo DB; Expérience avec les systèmes de contrôle des sources (Git, Perforce, SVN, etc.); Solides compétences interpersonnelles et capacité de résolution de problèmes. Passion for video games; Minimum 3 years of experience in a similar role in developing, managing, maintaining and optimizing large, multi-terabyte data environments including the pipelines of data and ETL processes feeding into it; Very strong experience with Apache Spark or a similar technology; Expert level SQL skills; Solid experience in scripting and programming languages such as Python, Scala, Linux Shell, C# scripting; Data modeling experience for both transactional and data warehousing environments including familiarity with Kimball dimensional and 3NF modeling standards; Experience working with a variety of data sources such as MySQL, Oracle, SQL Server, PostgreSQL, S3, HDFS, and Dynamo DB; Experience using source control systems (Git, Perforce, SVN, etc.); Strong interpersonal skills and problem-solving ability. Baccalauréat en informatique, en génie, ou en intelligence d'affaires avec une expérience supplémentaire appropriée; Expérience dans l'industrie du jeu vidéo serait un grand plus; Expérience de travail avec d'autres technologies de données AWS comme S3, Redshift Spectrum, Athena, Data Pipeline, Glue, EMR, RDS, et Kinesis; BS degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or BI with appropriate additional experience; Experience in the video game industry would be a big plus; Experience working with other AWS data technologies such as S3, Redshift Spectrum, Athena, Data Pipeline, Glue, EMR, RDS, and Kinesis; Experience working with big data solutions such as Apache Spark, PrestoDB, Impala or similar. 
ScrapedJobID394:
Plan, designate, and develop. You will manage and lead daily stand-ups, assigning work, and prioritizing deliverables. You will work side-by-side with the team conducting code reviews, and ensuring tasks are completed. Be Agile. You will foster and champion an Agile scrum environment, introducing best practices and implementing a CI/CD pipeline. Communicate. You will meet with the Director to provide regular updates on the progress of the team’s deliverables and to discuss the broader operating functions and team issues. Manage the team. You will be approachable and involved with the day-to-day accomplishments of your team. You will conduct formal and informal one-to-ones, performance reviews, and ratings for your team. You will help set individual objectives and assist with setting career paths and professional development. A passion for people leadership. You may be a scrum master and can instil your enthusiasm for Scrum and CI/CD in your team. You can build relationships with cross-functional teams, encouraging open communication and knowledge sharing, confidently and effectively relaying information to senior management. You have a deep appreciation for diverse opinions and approaches. A commitment to collaboration. You thrive working across inter-disciplinary groups, including architects, developers, product, and management, to build great products. You have a way of speaking, writing, and relaying information that engages people. Hands-on experience. You have worked with AWS/Cloud computing infrastructure. You have experience implementing or executing Agile best practices for enterprise-level code and B2B products. 
ScrapedJobID395:
Develop and maintain our LLVM fork Identify and optimize bottlenecks in the toolchain Upstream the patches and participate in reviews with the LLVM community Occasionally maintain our LLVM GitLab CI Improve the quality of the debug information Address practical usages of the toolchain in production Work with other adjacent tools or processes relying on LLVM, such as sanitizers, Linux cross-compilation, distributed & cached builds, etc. Extensive experience in C++, low-level programming, CPU architectures Experience contributing to a large-scale open-source project, including the review cycle Experience developing on a compiler toolchain, such as GCC, LLVM or MSVC. Familiarity dealing with whole compilation/build pipeline (although this is not a build manager job!) 
ScrapedJobID396:
Engage with fellow developers through active participation in code reviews, design Dedication to an iterative development process driven by the goal to continuously Develop clean, maintainable, and documented solutions Collaborate with backend engineering teams through traces, metrics, and Deploy applications regularly adhering to studio standards and best practices Participate in requirements gathering to inform design and development Participate in user observation studies to be regularly evaluating how users work and Follow standard UX design methodologies throughout the development process Proficiency in modern web application features,design goals, and architecture (i.e. Web Expertise with modern frameworks, standards, technologies used in front end web Experience with micro-services architecture Strong communication, collaboration, and problem solving skills Experience working closely with UX design teams and backend development teams Experience with testing frameworks (i.e. Cypress) Production experience in computer animation, visual effects, or game industry A portfolio of user interface samples that demonstrates skill and passion Experience with Node.js, Express, and building JS modules using technologies such as NPM We are a company built on positive relationships and collaboration, and you will have the opportunity to build strong business relationships while acting as a specialist in Product Management. You will manage multiple business relationships and collaborate with people from both corporate and field. This is an opportunity to work independently, in a fast-paced environment, and lead projects. 
ScrapedJobID397:
Design, prototype, build and maintain APIs, tools, code and a scalable infrastructure for operating Ubisoft Connect's machine learning pipeline at scale. Synch up with your team to discuss work-in-progress, ideas, and blockers; plan and prioritize; overcome issues; etc. Be a key member of the team, participate in the decisions and implementations to improve the platform’s quality. Work closely with Data Scientists to design and implement the optimal environment for their maximized efficiency. Advocate for automation and monitoring at all steps of the ML pipeline and help to define best practices based on personal industry experience and research. Stay current on technological advancements to help develop yourself, the platform and position Ubisoft as a leader of the domain. Experience in Software/Data engineering (or related experience). Experience with modern infrastructure, tools and cloud technology (e.g. AWS, EMR, Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, etc.). Knowledge of Python, Java. Experience with big data technologies, like Kafka, S3, Spark, and Hive. Experience building and interacting with REST APIs. Familiar with GitLab and its CI/CD tool. A constant desire to grow and learn. Strong communication and collaboration skills. Ability to navigate between the big picture and the micro details. You love being responsible for owning and improving a new, fast-growing platform. You are curious and like asking questions until you fully understand why/what you are doing. A desire to see teammates succeed together. Experience with maintaining architectures for end-to-end Machine Learning in the cloud. Familiarity with industry standards such as MLFlow, Airflow... Knowledge of additional programming languages like Scala. Exposure to automated testing and CI/CD in the ML context. Good understanding of ML concepts. An understanding of the video game industry. Your CV, highlighting your background and skills 
ScrapedJobID398:
Accurately plan and scope assigned art tasks and deliver on schedule Work with the CG Supervisor, Engineers, and Project Manager to create high-quality art and bring assets into the production engine Create 3D models, textures, UV's, lighting, skeletons, rigs, and animations Solve challenging technical issues in the 3D asset pipeline Work with UX designer to solve the unique challenges of interacting in VR Collaborate with engineers to diagnose and resolve problems 3+ years of experience combined in game/film development and/or AR/VR Have shipped products as a 3D Generalist or within a similar CG discipline Proven artistic ability across multiple CG disciplines including modeling, texturing, and animation An understanding of performance implications of CG art asset creation in real-time engines/VR Ability to prioritize tasks and provide efficient time estimates Advanced abilities in the use of primary artist tools such as Maya, Zbrush, Houdini, etc. Experience using game engines preferred (Unreal) Competitive compensation package Extended medical & dental benefits Paid vacation Career growth opportunities Ability to work from home during COVID Supportive and fun company culture Extended health care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID399:
Collaborate with your team to define test scope and strategy Test the projects and run test suite passes Identify inconsistencies and opportunities for improvement within the QA process. Experience testing on one or multiple platforms, such as AR/VR, iOS, Android, Windows or Web platforms Ability to break down bugs into their core repeatable components Proficiency in Java, C#, Python or Javascript Experience in developing and implementing test plans and test scripts Craft and develop automated software to test applications on a number of platforms 
ScrapedJobID400:
Design, build and maintain efficient and reusable code Ensure high quality performance and responsiveness across all solutions Maintain code quality, organization automation within solutions Participate in all levels of development Aid and assist other developers Consistent communication with other levels of organization 5+ years of experience in web development and technology Object-oriented programming abilities Front end programming experience (JavaScript, HTML5 and CSS3) Familiarity and experience with continuous integration Experience with implementing of automated testing platforms 
ScrapedJobID401:
Work closely with Lighting Lead, Virtual Production Developer and VFX Supe to develop realistic lighting solutions; Help guide the look and feel of lighting for each project; Perform look development of CG assets and characters; Help deliver solutions on integrating lighting setups into the existing pipelines; Take notes on work and offering creative or technical solutions to problems where necessary; Oversee and help optimize shots for rendering; Translate 2D concepts and use a wide variety of lighting techniques to capture the vision laid out by the Art Director; Work in-engine and own both the technical and creative problem spaces; Understand game engines and artistic direction to tackle the challenges that will impact lighting; Communicate and collaborate with various departments. Experience with in-engine lighting techniques and solutions (Unreal, Unity, Lumberyard); Demonstrable ability to communicate creative and technical thoughts and ideas; Ability to take directions and adaptable to change; Experience at improvising and problem-solving; Comfortability delivering on an expedited schedule. Excellent artistic skills, with a strong emphasis on real-world lighting/photography. Extended health care Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID402:

ScrapedJobID403:
Writing documentation for our graphics features, including the High Definition Render Pipeline and Automatic Level of Detail. Gathering, editing, and publishing subject-specific knowledge from subject matter experts and developers. Supporting development teams to deliver high-quality technical content within a fast-paced software release schedule. Using internal templates, standards and our in-house style guide (based on the Microsoft Writing Style Guide) to create clear and reusable content. Helping a globally distributed team improve the documentation user experience for our amazing community and championing the role and importance of documentation within Unity and across the writing community. Impeccable standard of written and spoken English. Excellent computing skills. Experience working as a technical writer. Game development experience, especially using Unity or C#. Experience producing documentation using HTML/CSS, Markdown or XML. Understanding of source control tools (GitHub and Mercurial) and techniques, and experience using issue trackers such as JIRA to track project tasks. Rédaction de documentation pour nos fonctionnalités graphiques, y compris le pipeline de rendu haute définition et le niveau de détail automatique. Rassembler, réviser et publier des connaissances spécialisées provenant d'experts en la matière et de développeurs Soutenir les équipes de développement afin de réaliser du contenu technique de très grande qualité selon un échéancier de sortie de logiciel serré Utiliser les modèles et les standards internes, de même que notre guide stylistique maison (basé sur le guide stylistique Microsoft), afin de créer des contenus clairs et réutilisables Aider une équipe répartie dans le monde entier à améliorer l'expérience utilisateur de notre documentation destinée à notre formidable communauté, et défendre le rôle et l'importance de la documentation au sein de Unity et dans la communauté des rédacteurs Un niveau de maîtrise impeccable de l'anglais, à l'écrit et à l'oral D'excellentes compétences en informatique Une expérience de travail en rédaction technique Une expérience dans le développement de jeux, en particulier avec Unity ou C# Une expérience de la production de documentation en utilisant HTML/CSS, Markdown ou XML Une compréhension des outils et des techniques de contrôle des sources (GitHub et Mercurial), et une expérience de l'utilisation de traqueurs de problèmes comme JIRA pour suivre les tâches du projet 
ScrapedJobID404:
Competitive salary & vacation packages Access to 24/7 on demand online healthcare service Generous referral program Extensive summer hours & flex time Year-round events, from massive to casual and everything in between Beautiful office right near Namur metro Home office subsidy Remote work option Learning Assistance program Working alongside super talented and friendly people that like to drive innovation Design, write, ship, and motivate the creation of foundational infinite scale cloud infrastructure. Produce reproducible, testable and monitor-able infrastructure. Shared infrastructure operational and emergency support but implement automations to reduce support and eliminate toil Writing and automating solutions to alleviate other squads workload You have strong AWS skills and you are fluent in using Infrastructure as code (IaC) with CloudFormation, CDK or Terraform. You feel comfortable designing and deploying production-grade CI/CD pipelines You have strong communication and interpersonal skills; being empathetic and curious are key. You feel comfortable leveraging your programming skills in Python or Typescript. Unix, bash, networking, containers, are not a problem for you Ability to debug and optimize code and automate routine tasks. You are proactive addressing potential problems before they occur. Proven track record of making things better and leading solutions that remove technical pain points and facilitate growth. 
ScrapedJobID405:
Design and build highly customizable applications for the Android platform in Kotlin, Java Be hands on with planning, estimating, contributing to the architecture, coding, development Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features Work with outside data sources and APIs Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability Work on bug fixing and improving application performance Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency Design and refactor legacy code into reusable modular components Take responsibility of release automation, security issues, contributing to the ongoing support of the live apps with on-site or on-call to resolve technical issues Mentor junior developers to follow best coding practices, enhance debugging skills Maintain and upgrade the codebase to latest frameworksDocument custom features in project wikis and code You bring 6 years+ experience in mobile engineering with ideally at least 2 years at a senior level focused on Android development. A technical expert on Android platform and competency with industry standard libraries Someone who as experience with the following technologies preferred: AndroidX, Coroutines, RxJava, Sqlite, Retrofit/OkHttp, SQL, HTTP, JSON Someone who has experience leading a team of developers Experience / exposure working in an Agile environment Someone who can read/review Swift / Objective C code is a plus to have Possess analytical and troubleshooting skills with technical capability Have an ability and desire to share your knowledge and help grow the team An expert in adapting to changing priorities You are passionate about mobile technology and using apps, stays up to date with latest Android improvements Proud of having built or participated in the submission & management of great apps on the Play Store Have an ability to understand and translate business requirements and technical specificationsUI design principles, patterns, and best practices A knack for benchmarking and optimization along with quality Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git, BitbucketPhenomenal interpersonal skills and written/verbal communication skills Solid sense of personal accountability; contributes beyond job role and responsibilitiesHave a focus on continual learning, and are excited about being able to share knowledge 
ScrapedJobID406:
Develop game features, services and supporting applications Assess, develop, test, debug, and maintain game features and services Strong ability to scope and define project requirements Propose creative solutions to meet product goals Work effectively in cross-functional teams and collaborate with internal and remote teams to identify, produce, and deliver tasks on time 3+ years experience as a software developer Experience working with Go Experience working with Linux, relational databases, git Experience designing, coding, optimizing, managing/deploying and troubleshooting highly-available testable services Understanding of HTTP, Websocket, Protobuf, JSON Comprehensive benefits after 3 months including extended health and dental. Paid Vacation + paid Sick days: 18 days(accumulated and based on percentage earning) Active Living Benefits (such as Fitness Memberships, Registration fees for team sports reimbursement) after 3 months Training and development fee reimbursement after 3 months Dependent Child Benefit Paid Holiday Closure RRSP matching after 1 year On-site car and Bike Parking Monthly Transit Allowance after 3 months Work hours: 10 am to 6 pm with 1 hour paid lunch. Dress code: Casual Child Gift Lots of snacks, drinks available Monthly Team lunch Referral Bonus 
ScrapedJobID407:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent work experience 5 years experience working with cloud technologies and providers, preferably AWS Experience with C# and .NET Framework/.NET Core/.NET Experience with SQL and/or PostgreSQL Strong Computer Science fundamentals (object-oriented design, data structures, algorithm design, problem-solving) Experience taking a leading role in deploying complex software systems to “the cloud” Flex hours including the ability to work remotely Being part of an excellent team of colleagues to collaborate with Automated build system Work with modern technology and modern software techniques movie nights indoor climbing gym weekly group soccer games (outdoor/indoor depending on the season) frisbee golf mountain biking team races beach volleyball golf tournaments HTML5, ES6 JavaScript utilizing React.js / Flux C#, RESTful web services Go PostgreSQL IIS/Windows Git Linux Bash Powershell Python Amazon Web Services (EC2, RDS) Kubernetes Docker Jira OPC ModBus Kepware 
ScrapedJobID408:
College graduate with a degree focused on (or equivalent in) computer science or related field. 2+ years of software development experience, preferably for web applications Created and ran QA manual test Created and ran QA automation test Good knowledge and basic experience with test methodologies, QA process, Software Development Life Cycle, Release Planning, and defect tracking Clear, analytical, deductive thinking and approach to problem solving Demonstrable experience with SQL Some experience setting up and building test environments, executing tests, recording results. Some experience with generating, updating and running automated test scripts Experience with Jira, Rollbar, Papertrail, Slack are a plus Uncanny ability to stress edge cases and "break stuff" Participate and influence the quality of our products. Learn to develop, modify and evaluate software test plans and test cases Execute functional, smoke, regression, integration, stress, and load Set up test environments, execute tests, records results and defects. Collaborate with Software Development teams to identify and resolve product defects. Create new tests to target new features and products. Debug and investigate defects to determine root cause. Interact with databases, system and application logs as part of testing/debugging Understand application use cases and feature requirements. Able to create test cases and "break stuff" Think like a developer and end-user to produce a bug-free product Rails 6
rspec
sidekiq rspec sidekiq Vue.js / React Native AWS
SQS
EB
Kinesis
Athena
Redshift
DynmoDB
Lambda
RDS SQS EB Kinesis Athena Redshift DynmoDB Lambda RDS MySQL 8 / Aurora PostgreSQL 11 Your specialization is less important than your ability to learn fast, communicate and adapt to shifting priorities. Communicate well and articulate ideas clearly. Focus on project goals, not just writing code. Contribute ideas. Take initiative. Have a hacker mindset and master the fine art of balancing time, features, and quality of code. You know when to unit test and when to “just ship it”. Competitive salary Unlimited PTO 401k match Great health benefits (medical, dental, vision, STD, LTD, Life Insurance) Casual and comfortable working environment Stocked coffee, snacks and candy “bar” Pizza parties and team lunches Laser Tag in the office Spontaneous games of tabletop cornhole or NERF wars Company sponsored Fantasy Football league and March Madness bracket challenge 
ScrapedJobID409:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience with software development in one or more programming languages (e.g., Python, C, C++, Java, JavaScript). 3 years of experience in a technical leadership role; overseeing strategic projects, with 2 years of experience in a people management, supervision/team leadership role. Master's degree or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field. 3 years of experience in multiplayer game development, virtual reality, high performance programming, and/or game debugging. 3 years of experience working in a complex, matrixed organization. Experience with AAA game development. Experience with API development and/or design. Experience with operating system internals. Design, guide, and vet systems designs within the scope of the broader area, and write product or system development code to solve ambiguous problems. Review code developed by other engineers and provide feedback to ensure best practices (e.g., style guidelines, checking code in, accuracy, testability, and efficiency). Mentor and train other team members on design techniques and coding standards. Work with cross-functional teams to turn partner feedback into product road-maps and plans to collectively improve Stadia's tech and the experience of Stadia developers. 
ScrapedJobID410:
Creating and communicating gameplay design concepts while maintaining a clear understanding of design direction Creating prototypes (paper and digital) to validate gameplay design concepts Driving the development, design and implementation of gameplay systems and puzzles working with all production disciplines Provide feedback and accurate risk/scope assessments when new features are proposed Working with the producer to organize design reviews and playtesting sessions Using feedback from reviews and playtests to implement gameplay changes Developing, maintaining and improving best practices related to content production pipeline and tools (naming, conventions, etc.) Providing constructive feedback for gameplay content and features, and provide continual technical support for the content production pipeline Prior shipped work in a design role on a title developed in Unity or Unreal Demonstrated expertise in gathering, filtering, and applying player and developer feedback in technical design decisions Experience visually communicating design intent through "paper" prototyping or using digital art tools Demonstrated ability to listen well, treat people with respect, and maintain calm poise under stress Proven experience making wise choices and taking smart risks despite ambiguity Love for and experience designing puzzle games Educational achievement in gameplay design, human-computer interaction, interface design, or related Technical programming skills to complement design skills Experience developing for virtual reality 
ScrapedJobID411:
Bridge the gap between research insights and tangible concepts Make sense of complex systems or large volumes of data and content and represent them in simplified models Refine concepts into meaningful narratives that speak to business opportunities, technical feasibility and organisation set up Identify the right interaction patterns to apply in each context Collaborate fluidly with visual designers and developers Engage in client workshops to identify customer experience opportunities and solutions, and presenting strategic thought leadership Understand the goals, business requirements and constraints for the project Help to translate business requirements into user stories Conduct secondary research, including trend benchmarking and competitor analysis Create frameworks such as customer journeys based on inputs from research Define and prioritize opportunity areas and then translating them into concepts Design wireframes, user flow diagrams and application maps Create and test interactive prototypes Document, describe, and share functional requirements and interaction guidelines with clients and developers 3+ years of professional ux design experience (although you might have had a different job title, like “interaction designer”, “information architect”, or “product designer”) Highly developed design skills, demonstrated in your portfolio of recent work Confident presentation and storytelling abilities Experience collaborating in multifunctional teams Proficiency with contemporary design and prototyping tools and methods Affinity with Diff’s values, and a passion for creating products that meet peoples’ functional and emotional needs Knowledge of the digital development lifecycle, while working in both Agile and Waterfall methodologies A university degree in Interaction Design, Human Computer Interaction, or a related design or behavioural science discipline Academic, professional, or life experience from outside the design field that enriches your perspective as a designer Agency Experience Shopify Experience Bilingual (Spoken French & English) Hobbies and a sense of humor! Medical, dental & life insurance! Discount on public transport Dialogue: Tele-medicine platform Cellphone and gym allowance Weekly virtual yoga class MacBook Pro / Lenovo Thinkpad for business and personal use When we're at the office, we have monthly fun company events (movie nights, go-karting, escape games, laser quest, rock climbing, picnics, etc!) No dress code, but please wear pants :) 
ScrapedJobID412:
Designing/developing and maintaining Katana tooling for the surfacing and lighting teams. Collaboration with lighting artists and other software developers to establish pipeline and Producing technical specifications and documentation for the tools you develop. Ensure that bug reports and support requests are dealt with swiftly and efficiently. Degree in Computer Science or similar subject, or equivalent industry experience Software development experience in C++, PyQt and Python Experience using and/or developing for Katana and/or an equivalent lighting/rendering package. Experience with automated software testing methodologies and tools Working knowledge of Open Shading Language Working knowledge of other specialisms within the Visual Effects pipeline Experience with one or more modern renderers: Renderman, Arnold, Mantra etc. Previous experience in surfacing and/or lighting for Films or Games. Experience using and/or developing for Houdini 
ScrapedJobID413:
Ensure the stability of the game through the development of automated testing frameworks. Integrate testing efforts and tools with CI/CD. Build and deploy software assemblies. Leverage game analytics including performance data like frame rate (fps) and stability via telemetry, QA systems, benchmark tests, and other sources to inform decision making and optimize automation systems. Break down the development of the system into a number of manageable tasks. Strong knowledge of automation. Experience working with Perforce and Git source control systems. Experience with crash reporting systems. Excellent communication, for both technical and non-technical stakeholders. Experience with cloud and on-premise infrastructure. Knowledge of Unreal Engine automation tools (preferred). Passionate about games or the gaming industry (preferred). 
ScrapedJobID414:
Work in agile/scrum project teams to design, develop and maintain high-performance cloud-based services and applications that are integral part of a rich portfolio of digital products/offerings of diverse types, such as mobile applications, IoT applications, and web portals/dashboards. Work closely and collaboratively within the scrum project team with diverse backgrounds, e.g., mobile developers, web front-end developers, QA engineers, UX designers, business analysts, product owners, etc. Work with architects and peer cloud developers to identify, architect and design a catalog of common and adaptable platform services to enable applicable applications across products and businesses. Work with external development vendors/partners and to provide oversight as internal technical owners in the cloud services area. Stay on the cutting edge of technology evolution in the cloud services and applications area, as the subject matter experts within the company. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related engineering and technical field. 5+ years experience in the .NET/C# development and the technology stack, e.g., C#, .NET Core, REST API, MVC APIs, JSON, REST, MVC, Razor, Ajax and Asynchronous Programming, REST Service Architecture. 2+ years of industry experience on MS Azure Services with Developing, Deploying and configuring Azure Web Apps, Azure App Services, Azure Functions, Azure web jobs, etc., using Visual Studio or Visual Studio Code. 2+ years of industry experience in developing and hosting REST API using Azure API Management, Swagger and integration with Azure web apps. 2+ years of industry experience in developing Azure Mobile Apps, Mobile backend Services on Azure. 2+ years of industry experience in building solutions using CosmosDB, Event Hub, Service Bus, Blob Storage, Azure Files, Table Storage 5+ years of experience in code repository management and dev-op process using TFS, Visual studio online, Git, SVN, etc. 2+ years of experience with front end frameworks such as React, AngularJS, Vue, etc. Experience with Angular 2+ is preferred. Strong knowledge of .NET design patterns and practices. Experience of building solutions that use Azure Active Directory, ADFS, OAuth, SAML for authentication/Authorization. Working knowledge and experience in Micro-Service Programming model, SOA, Service Fabric or Kubernetes Good understanding and experience in designing, hosting and managing data in SQL Azure, Document DB, Mongo DB, Table Storage, Azure Data Lake, blob storage. Working knowledge of Azure Analytics, PowerShell, ARM, Azure CLI. Knowledge of Actor Model, State full Service & Stateless Services. Knowledge in Open source technologies used in .NET/Web application, Nuget, Webpack Experience with IdentityServer. Experience with Machine Learning. Experience in cloud migration and integration. Familiar with modern IoT (Internet of Things) platform architecture. A strong outcome focus, ownership and inner self-drive to bring connected offerings to real-world customers with tangible impact. A life-long learner who constantly updates skills. A love for the game of Golf. Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Do you live in or around Calgary, AB? Secondary School (preferred) Angular: 2 years (required) .NET: 5 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID415:
Build and deliver applications on the ServiceNow platform that apply innovative technical solutions to eliminate manual processes and simplify workflows for complex procedures Review, analyze, and modify ServiceNow application configurations to include process workflows, testing, debugging and implementation of applications Thoroughly document application configuration processes and procedures Develop reports, integrations, and mobile solutions Activate and configurate ServiceNow applications to meet business needs Develop workflows and scripts to personalize existing ServiceNow applications Develop ServiceNow custom applications from inception to completion in order to automate and improve processes Work closely with users to research, design, develop and deliver innovative solutions to improve their business processes Ability to thrive in fast moving and highly complex environments. Exceptional change, problem, and incident management experience with strategic and tactical leadership traits, strong interpersonal and communications skills Analytical and KPI, ROI focused with the ability to manipulate data, build reports, and craft analysis to generate insights & recommendations across KUBRA product portfolio Ability to analyze data to leverage market insight from internal and external sources into powerful insights and actions. Excellence in consumer centric strategic and creative thinking. Demonstrated aptitude for technology, product development. Excellent written and verbal communication skills and working knowledge in the various stages of ITIL, Project Management, Change / Release, QA and DevOps lifecycles Superior ability to collaborate cross functionally University degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business Administration or related field and /or Proven technical experiences Bachelor’s degree (or equivalent years of experience) and 5+ years of overall IT experience 8+ years of overall IT experience 5+ years of ITSM experience is preferred 3+ years of experience with development of ServiceNow Workflows, client, and server-side scripting 2+ years of experience with ServiceNow Certified ServiceNow Administrator 2+ years of experience with ServiceNow modules to include but not limited to IT Service Management, HR Service Delivery, IT Financial Management, IT Business Management, Software Asset Management Web service and database experience is a plus Experience in ServiceNow medium to complex implementation is highly desirable Should possess knowledge and experience in ServiceNow & JIRA Integrations and other API Integrations Experience with Atlassian products is highly preferred Industry level certifications (ITILv3 or greater) ServiceNow Certified Application Developer Certified ServiceNow Administrator Experience coding efficient, object-oriented and modularized software Knowledge of JavaScript, JSON, XML, SOAP, REST and associated frameworks (JQuery, Angular JS) Experience with HTML technologies including HTML, CSS and Basic Tags Familiarity with Unix shell and source control systems and tools such as git, maven and ant Development experience in ServiceNow application customization and ServiceNow scripting (using JavaScript, HTML, CSS, XML, SOAP and REST Web services) is a plus ServiceNow Administrator Fundamentals certification is a plus Experience designing and implementing solutions that ensure security, integrity, scalability, and consistency of critical user data Demonstrated experience in Strategic Planning but also able to understand and lead tactical activities of team in transformational initiatives in complex and dynamic environments A unique, supportive, and flexible work environment Challenges related to working in a fast-paced, growing environment Confidence to take risks when we see potential A management team that cares about people Exposure to and experience on an industry leading cloud based project management information system An extensive orientation program Mentorship from within both the PMO and Technical/Business Team Structure at KUBRA An opportunity to learn and gain exposure to advanced payment technologies in a rapidly growing and competitive industry A chance to join the occasional beach volleyball game or board game night 
ScrapedJobID416:
Competitive salaries with annual bonus Enjoy schedules that value work-life balance, and a committee ensuring well-being and job satisfaction Come work in a relaxed environment with other elite developers and engage in our friendly rivalry with the OKIOK pentest team Working on a variety of one-of-a-kind projects Banking your hours, never work at your expense Access paid training and certifications Participate in CTFs with the team each year Working with cutting edge technologies such as cloud native, AI, devOPs, agile, SDLC, and many more Work with recognized experts and develop your skills through mentoring Game nights, 5@7, team activities, barbecue and more! Participate in software analysis, design, coding and documentation; Take responsibility for the development of applications under its responsibility, such as:
The development of specifications;
The delivery of his projects;
Liaison with the technical teams of clients and partners;
Managing the transfer of knowledge to partners;
Participation in the drafting of documentation (manuals, training, etc.). The development of specifications; The delivery of his projects; Liaison with the technical teams of clients and partners; Managing the transfer of knowledge to partners; Participation in the drafting of documentation (manuals, training, etc.). Conduct research for the implementation of new technologies. Cloud : AWS (Lambda, Cognito, API Gateway, Dynamo, etc.) and Azure Technologies : Java, SQL, Hibernate, REST Web Services UI: Vue, Bootstrap, Typescript, SPA Environnement : Git, IntelliJ, Gitlab CI, AWS CDK, Terraform Undergraduate degree in computer engineering or in a field deemed equivalent (completed); recent professional experience in Java development Interest in computer security; Have an excellent sense of organization, initiative and analytical ability; Ability to make quick decisions in a changing environment and to be innovative; Excellent teamwork skills; French and English bilingualism. 
ScrapedJobID417:
Work with publishing partners to fix bugs, integrate 3rd party SDKs, and polish the last 10% Maintain and update existing game, engine, and server code Develop and improve Noodlecake technologies including porting, publishing, account management, cross-promotion, analytics, and financial tools Design and implement new game features Port games to new platforms by implementing or adapting features as necessary Evaluate and provide feedback for new potential games to publish as well as games currently in development Be involved in the game creation process, including brainstorming, prototyping, development, testing, and launching games Adapt to the existing coding conventions in projects while writing good, clean code Maintain basic documentation of projects you've worked on Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent combination of education and work experience Minimum 5 years of experience as a software developer, including at least some experience in game development Experience working with and understanding of some of C# / Objective C / Java / C / C++ Experience working with a team of developers Understanding of good design patterns and how to write efficient code Competency with development software including Git and common IDEs Ability to quickly and effectively learn new technologies Ability to jump in and understand new code bases Ability to manage time effectively, work independently, and self start tasks Ability to effectively communicate progress and problems with a team Must be legally eligible to work in Canada Familiarity with Unity and / or Cocos2D Experience with mobile app development and distribution Experience using Macs and the command line Understanding of client-server based systems Knowledge of various cloud infrastructures and services Understanding of basic art / visual design and usability concepts Close proximity to Saskatoon, SK (although remote applicants are welcome) Flexible working hours Ability to work remote or hybrid 4 weeks starting vacation R&D time to work on self-selected side projects Subsidized parking Subsidized group health plan (after probation) Company bonus structures (after 1 year) 
ScrapedJobID418:
You are able to produce extensible, modular, performant and maintainable code independently You are comfortable with a language suitable for backend development (NodeJS) You are comfortable querying databases and performing aggregations (MongoDB, SQL) You have experience building and using APIs (GraphQL, REST) You are comfortable interpreting and sketching conceptual data models (ERDs) You are at home working in a Linux shell and writing simple bash scripts Build solutions to move, store, recall and transform data throughout the application without loss Create, maintain and improve repeatable systems for onboarding large amounts of data rapidly from a variety of sources Extract maximum value from legacy data to achieve compatibility with the application Produce reports to answer data-related questions from teams throughout the company Suggest new technologies, algorithms, and methodologies to move solutions forward Collaborate with our delivery team to optimize the experience for new customers Advise our product team with insights you discover through data analysis Manage your time and workload to achieve outcomes for scheduled events Study the industry and become familiar with how companies are built and how they keep up with regulatory requirements in many jurisdictions Understand and stay informed of the outcomes Athennian is built to deliver Collaborate closely with team members in an agile environment Assist in mentoring junior developers and sharing your experiences with the team Take the lead on projects as needed You know how to exit from Vim You are familiar with Object Oriented programming You know how to use TypeScript and why you should You are familiar with AWS services such as EC2 and S3 
ScrapedJobID419:
C#, Unity, JavaScript, SQL en général et BigQuery plus particulièrement; Les systèmes CI/CD tels que TeamCity ou les composantes GIT et GCP, les langages en Python ou R, les outils de visualisation Looker ou PowerBI ainsi que les services Google Cloud Platform en général, sont des outils secondaires mais qui font de vous la personne idéale que nous recherchons ! Analyser les requêtes; Concevoir et implémenter des solutions répondant aux requis en termes de fonctionnalité et de performance; Rédiger des algorithmes en C# sur Unity de qualité; Déterminer l’origine des problèmes rencontrés; Rechercher et implémenter des solutions répondant à divers critères, tels que : le support et la maintenance à long-terme, l’étendue et la flexibilité, les standards et les meilleurs pratiques de l’industrie, la testabilité, l’ergonomie des plateformes mobiles transverses (Android et iOS); Rédiger et maintenir une unité de tests complets; Utiliser TeamCity afin de déployer votre travail ainsi que les autres systèmes CI/CD appropriés; Rédiger et maintenir la documentation technique; Participer à l’amélioration continue des processus de l’équipe d’IA; Participer aux autres activités d’IA telles que la production d’ELT, de tableaux de bord, de stockage de données, de rapports ou de modèles. Expérience confirmée dans l’utilisation de C# et Unity dans un environnement en mode Agile; Expérience dans le développement de jeux vidéo ou d’applications pour Android et iOS; Être orienté-solutions et apporter des solutions innovantes; Avoir déjà livré de résultats de qualité; Compétences en termes d’organisation, méticuleux·se, autonome et pragmatique; Capacité à être proactif·ve et responsable dans un environnement innovant et dynamique; Un intérêt pour l’amélioration continue; Forte conviction et expérience dans l’intégration continue et le déploiement continu de stratégies; Expérience avec des concepts de qualité tels qu’une unité de tests, des tests de régression et les développements pilotés (TDD); Expérience avec des outils de développements variés (tels que Perforce, GIT, Visual Studio, Eclipse), JIRA ou un autre outil de gestion Scrum, TeamCity. Sens des responsabilités, orienté-solution, capacité à travailler dans environnement dynamique dans le respect des délais; Bonne communication, capacité à exprimer ses idées et attentes en clarté; Esprit analytique; Esprit d’équipe. De la passion pour la précision, l’efficience et la qualité; Intérêt et connaissance des jeux mobiles; De la passion et de l’ambition pour les jeux vidéo sont essentielles! C#, Unity, JavaScript, SQL in general, BigQuery in particular; Secondary useful areas where your skills will make you a well rounded applicant: CI/CD systems like TeamCity or those components of GIT and GCP, Languages Python or R, Visualization tools Looker or PowerBI, and Google Cloud Platform services in general. Analyse requirements; Design and implement solutions that meet requirements in terms of functionality and performance; Write quality algorithms in C# with Unity; Determine root causes of issues; Find and implement solutions having in mind requirements such as support and long-term maintenance, extensibility and scalability, industry standards and best practices, design for testability, cross mobile platform usability (Android and iOS); Write and maintain comprehensive unit tests; Use TeamCity to deploy your work and use other CI/CD systems as appropriate; Write and maintain the technical documentation properly; Participate in the continuous improvement of processes within BI team; Participate in other BI related activities such as producing ELTs, dashboards, data warehouses, reports or models. Solid experience working with C# and Unity in an Agile environment; Experience developing mobile games or applications for Android and iOS; A need to solve problems and deliver innovative solutions; Record of accomplishment of delivering quality results; Confident organization skills, being meticulous, self-managing, and pragmatic; Willingness to proactively take ownership in an innovative and fast-paced environment; A drive for continuous improvement; Experience with and a strong belief in continuous integration and continuous deployment strategies; Experience with quality concepts such as unit testing, regression testing, and TDD; Experience working with various development tools (such as Perforce, GIT, Visual Studio, Eclipse), JIRA or another backlog management tool, Teamcity. Sense of responsibilities, solution-oriented, ability to work in a fast-paced environment while respecting deadlines; Good communicator, ability to clearly express ideas and expectations; Analytic mind; Team player. Passion for accuracy, efficiency, and quality; Interest and knowledge of mobile gaming; Ambition and passion for video games are essential! 
ScrapedJobID420:
Identify, develop, test, document and deploy tools and workflows (via SideFX Labs) that solve real production problems for our customers at games studios. Build demo projects demonstrating Houdini’s world-building capabilities. Learn existing tools and workflows in Houdini. Be a champion of our company and represent SideFX to the larger game community. Participate as needed in public channels where Houdini tools are discussed. Other duties as assigned. Adjustments will be made to enable duties & responsibilities to be met working remotely considering the current Covid-19 pandemic situation. Fluency in using Houdini for world-building. Preferably in a games/real-time context:
Demonstrated through a portfolio that contains elements essential to world-building. Demonstrated through a portfolio that contains elements essential to world-building. Knowledge of the 3D environment art pipeline. Must be able to create and present content in Houdini fluently. Ability to work and operate collaboratively in a small team. A demonstrated passion for procedural processes and tools, and a drive to share that passion with artists. Have production experience as an environment artist at a games studio. Experience creating learning materials or teaching production software. Knowledge of VEX and Python. Experience using Unity or Unreal Engine. Basic understanding of runtime performance requirements for created assets. 
ScrapedJobID421:
2+ years of 3D game development experience of AAA or performant demanding titles Programming or Scripting skills capable of parsing large sums of data Unreal 4 Engine experience pertaining to performance or Technical Art Experience developing on gaming platforms such as PC, Xbox, and Playstation Familiarity with Jira, Perforce, and UE4 Profiling tools Ability to effectively communicate with stakeholders from all levels of the company Programming languages such as C++, Unreal 4 Blueprint, C# or SQL, Python or HTML/Javascript Experience shipping games simultaneously on PC and console Shipped FPS title(s) Experience with distributed teams Unlimited PTO and Sick Days Studio closure for one week in December Continuing Education and Personal Development Benefits Extended Health Benefits (Drug, Vision, Dental, Specialists) Cost-of-living raises Bonus Program 
ScrapedJobID422:
A developer who utilizes PHPadvanced server-side programming language to design, code, or maintain web applications is a PHPDevelopers use PHP to do front-end and back-end web development. They also have comprehensive technical knowledge of other programming and computer technologies. This allows them to be able to integrate their applications with other systems and software. PHPmeans PHPHypertext Processors that is used to handle (HTML) documents or other websites. Developer may work in computer labs or offices, spending long hours at their desks coding, testing, and implementing. PHPdevelopers make good wages and receive benefits when employed to companies. They often work as freelance programmers as well. The responsibilities of a PHPinclude: Produce detailed specifications Write “clean”, well designed code Troubleshoot, test and maintain the core product software and databases to ensure strong optimization and functionality Contribute in all phases of the development lifecycle Follow industry best practices Develop and deploy new features to facilitate related procedures and tools if necessary Documenting technical specifications Testing for application bugs Writing programming code Designing the application according to specifications Coordinating with designers, administrators, and other programmers Prioritizing tasksand daily activities Organizing projects 5+ years of software development experience in PHP Understanding of open source projects like git, codeingniter, Laraval, HMVC, eft, Rest Excellent knowledge of OOP in PHP with MySql Demonstrable knowledge of web technologies including HTML, CSS, Javascript, JQuery etc Well-versed with Java, Python, C++ or C#, iOS and android Good knowledge of relational databases, version control tools and of developing web services Experience in common third-party APIs Experience managing huge volume of transactions (ex. ecommerce, game, etc.) Data science expertise Passion for best design and coding practices and a desire to develop new bold ideas Excellent programming, debugging, and implementation skills Team work capabilities Positive outlook Flexibility and dependability Innovative Effective communication strategies Good graphical knowledge and expertise Adaptability Technical knowledgeand comprehension of web protocols 
ScrapedJobID423:

ScrapedJobID424:
Experience writing clean, straight forward code in PHP A curiosity and desire to solve problems In-depth understanding of MySQL, PostgreSQL and Redis Familiarity in provisioning and maintaining Linux servers Comfortable on the command line Proficient with JSON for Web API Requests and Response flow Troubleshooting, testing and maintaining the core product software. Ability to comment on the work of others, as well as receive feedback Contribute to all phases of the software development lifecycle Current with industry best practices Good knowledge of web frameworks such as CakePHP and Yii Server virtualization experience with VMware, Hyper-V, Oracle VM, Parallel, SQL Server on VM etc. Create security and data protection settings Experience taking existing legacy applications and migrating them to modern framework Containerization platform experience, preference with Docker Use of GitHub as a Project Management tool Practical experience creating quality mock-ups and prototypes PHP Testing Framework experience using PHPUnit, SeleniumHQ, Kahlan, etc. Competitive salary with medical and dental benefits paid for by the employer Annual bonus based on company and individual performance Diverse work environment Modern lounge outfitted with table tennis (ping pong for those of us less serious about the sport) and a games room Rapidly growing organization Professional team with a shared perception of how things are done Learning and Development including online training and conferences Flexible work schedule Working on Software you can be proud of! 
ScrapedJobID425:
Work directly with artists and designers to create fun gameplay that feels good. Find efficient and creative solutions in an existing code base Be responsible for your feature’s network, memory, GPU, and CPU footprint 2-5 years of professional game programming experience Proficient in C/C++ Solid 3D math skills Familiarity with the core systems used by game features such as scripting, UI, rendering, animation, physics, and data pipelines Ability to travel internationally A desire to work in a diverse and inclusive environment Passion for video games 1 or more shipped titles Console experience (XB1/PS4 preferred) Experience with network replicated game logic Development experience in Unreal 4 Experience in C# and Python Passion for multiplayer action games 
ScrapedJobID426:
Writing clean, well-organized, testable, and reusable JS code Building efficient, well-tested User Interface and User Experience components Identifying and addressing performance bottlenecks with other engineers to consistently improve performance Ability to be on call during live sporting events and on weekends Take direction from the director of product on the feature, while working with the director of Engineering to ensure the technical aspects fit our technical goals 7+ years of development experience in web fundamentals (HTML5, CSS, JS) 4+ years of development experience in modern JS frameworks (React, JSS, Mobx) Knowledge of code versioning tools such as Git, SVN Ability to participate in code reviews, design reviews and over the shoulder debugging • Ability to deliver software as part of a team Demonstrated expertise with responsive design principles Bachelor's/Master’s degree (or equivalent experience) In-depth experience in Node js In-depth experience in React Native NoSQL experience (eg. DynamoDB) In-depth knowledge in WebSockets Working knowledge of Docker Competitive salaries with generous paid time off, RRSP/401K matching, extended health benefits, retail discounts (the total package) Work-life balance with flexible hours Inspiring and supportive environment Open communication transparency Professional and personal growth 
ScrapedJobID427:
Amazon Web Services. For example: VPC, EC2, S3, SQS, ELB Experience with Containerization (Docker, Kubernetes) Server Maintenance (Linux) Scripting (Python, Shell) Familiar with Databases. We use MySQL, PostgreSQL, Redis, DynamoDB, and ScyllaDB. Familiar with Continuous Integration. We use Github Actions and Jenkins. Experience with a Configuration Management technology like CloudFormation, Puppet, or Ansible. System monitoring and performance tuning Git and GitHub workflow 3+ years of related work experience Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or similar discipline Familiar with load-balancers and auto-scaling Excited about new technologies and emerging industry trends (containerization, cloud-native, DevOps automation) Be comfortable in a team environment but also able to be an independent worker Available to respond to rare after-hours incidents (system outages, security updates, systems upgrades, or systems failures) At Showbie be 100% yourself. We like it that way. We welcome all team members (and candidates) and celebrate your diverse voice. Regardless of race, gender, orientation, sexual identity, economic class, ability, disability, age, religious belief, or status, we want to meet you! The autonomy to make decisions and execute them. We're growing, but we're a small team. Everything you do makes a difference and your input will always be celebrated. Transparency. You will always be kept up to date on the company strategy through monthly town halls. A beautiful comfy office located in central downtown Edmonton (close to great restaurants, cafes, and public transit). Includes weekly SPUD deliveries, a kick-ass espresso machine, ping-pong and foosball, and lots of board games. We offer a flexible work environment. Work from the office, or from home, or any combination of the two. Because sometimes you do your best work in your slippers. We value work-life balance. When we're at work we're excited and focused on building a great product. We also know that going "home" (or simply closing your laptop) and not working weekends or Christmas makes us even more excited to come to work and do great things. Friday afternoon socials, monthly team events, hackathons, awesome Christmas parties, and a team that actually likes to hang out with one another. You'll be decked out in new Apple gear and all the tools you need to help you do your job. Extended health benefits (including eyecare, massages, physiotherapy, and mental health supports) Three weeks vacation plus a week of flex time and time off at Christmas. 
ScrapedJobID428:
Analyze existing business processes, and build automation and tools in support of them Help identify areas for process improvement, and participate in planning workflows Assist with data integration efforts for billing, procurement, and service metrics Use data to address sophisticated product/business questions and challenges SQL development experience (BigQuery) Experience working with cloud hosting environments (GCP/AWS) Python or Go development experience Good interpersonal and communication skills. Ability to explain technical concepts and analysis clearly to a wide audience, as well as translate sometimes ambiguous data requests into clear action items and requirements. Kubernetes experience or other container-based application deployment frameworks Financial systems or data experience Familiarity with ETL practices and tools (Airflow) Créer du contenu et des démonstrations pour le nouveau logiciel Unity pour les secteurs de l'automobile, du transport et de la fabrication Collaborer avec certains des plus grands noms de l'industrie en créant des expériences de pointe dans une variété de formats différents Résoudre les problèmes techniques et de création Travailler avec d'autres développeurs et artistes Des solides compétences en programmation dans votre langage favori, même si ce n'est pas le nôtre Une expérience technique considérable qui guidera les développeurs à travers toutes les phases de développement Une connaissance des pratiques professionnelles en matière de génie logiciel et des meilleures pratiques pour l'ensemble du cycle de développement (normes de codage, révision de code, gestion du contrôle des sources, processus de conception, tests, opérations, etc.) Une expérience en matière d'encadrement auprès de développeurs pour améliorer leurs compétences et les rendre plus efficaces Une connaissance opérationnelle du moteur de jeu Unity Une expérience dans l'industrie du jeu vidéo Une expérience de travail sur différentes plateformes infonuagiques comme GCP, AWS ou Azure 
ScrapedJobID429:
4+ years experience as a back-end PHP programmer A bilingual candidate Strong knowledge of PHP 5, JavaScript, jQuery Strong knowledge of Magento (or Magento 2 if you are a true ninja) Strong knowledge of MVC systems (Laravel is a plus) Strong knowledge of MySQL relational databases An experienced Git user Experience with Wordpress and other CMS Strong knowledge of System Administration (Apache, server security procedures, Linux and *Nix CLI, DNS, Domains, Records, as well as Knowledge of email headers SPF / MX records) 
ScrapedJobID430:
Test robotics packages on a variety of operating systems and hardware platforms Set up and lead automated testing of robotics packages Help seek customer problems by running their projects to reproduce issues Test the physics engine integration; be the very first user of the ground-breaking tech Collect and structure feedback from early adopters of new physics features Experience as a dedicated software test engineer Proficiency in C++ or C#; experience debugging in both Problem solving skills and detail-oriented approach Familiarity with automated build systems and test automation Excellent communication skills Previous Unity development experience Prior experience in robotics Experience with open source 
ScrapedJobID431:
Plan, designate, and develop. You will manage and lead daily stand-ups, assigning work, and prioritizing deliverables. You will work side-by-side with the team conducting code reviews, and ensuring tasks are completed. Be Agile. You will foster and champion an Agile scrum environment, introducing best practices and implementing a CI/CD pipeline. Communicate. You will meet with the Director to provide regular updates on the progress of the team’s deliverables and to discuss the broader operating functions and team issues. Manage the team. You will be approachable and involved with the day-to-day accomplishments of your team. You will conduct formal and informal one-to-ones, performance reviews, and ratings for your team. You will help set individual objectives and assist with setting career paths and professional development. A passion for people leadership. You may be a scrum master and can instil your enthusiasm for Scrum and CI/CD in your team. You can build relationships with cross-functional teams, encouraging open communication and knowledge sharing, confidently and effectively relaying information to senior management. You have a deep appreciation for diverse opinions and approaches. A commitment to collaboration. You thrive working across inter-disciplinary groups, including architects, developers, product, and management, to build great products. You have a way of speaking, writing, and relaying information that engages people. Hands-on experience. You have worked with AWS/Cloud computing infrastructure. You have experience implementing or executing Agile best practices for enterprise-level code and B2B products. 
ScrapedJobID432:
Work with and take direction from Pipeline Managers, CTO, and Senior Technical Directors as well as artists to create, support & maintain tools to be integrated into Zoic’s existing pipeline. Work with artists to troubleshoot and fix problems Update and maintain tools, techniques and work flows as required 2+ years of Unreal Engine (UE4) experience Extensive experience program Experience programming in C++ Experience programming in Python Experience developing virtual production projects, games, applications, or VR/AR experiences using Unreal Engine Self-motivated, proactive and able to utilize time allotted efficiently Excellent verbal and written communication skills Highly experienced in working as part of a development team Comfortable working remote and/or off-site as needed. Comfortable working on set. Experienced in working with stakeholders, including clients, artists, and technical staff, to assess needs, understand problems, and create a plan to move towards a solution. Proven problem solving skills Ability to work well under pressure with short deadlines Ability to work with various departments to resolve issues Candidates located in British Columbia preferred. This is a remote (work from home) position. Zoic does not cover relocation costs This job description contains the basic requirements for the position and is NOT intended to be a complete list of responsibilities; other duties may be assigned Due to the volume of applications we receive across our different openings we regret that only those selected to interview will be contacted 
ScrapedJobID433:
LocationCoquitlam, BC Salary: $42.00 hourly for 40 hours per week Terms of employmentPermanent employment
Full time Start dateStarts as soon as possible vacancies1 vacancy Cover letter 
ScrapedJobID434:
Design, develop, and test simple and comprehensive APIs that enable games to communicate with our global services. Collaborate with other Harbour teams working on global services. Guide game development teams throughout SDK integration. Maintain and optimize SDK performance. Support operations teams in deploying and debugging Harbour services. Stay up to date on technological advancements to continuously improve our efforts. An undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent Knowledge of object-oriented and C ++ programming languages & standard template libraries * Solid analytical capabilities and synthesis skills A highly collaborative spirit & results-oriented focus Attention to detail, resourcefulness, and plenty of flexibility Knowledge of online or web development an asset 
ScrapedJobID435:
Bonus pay Casual dress Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Stock options Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday On call Secondary School (preferred) HTML5: 1 year (preferred) JavaScript: 1 year (preferred) Accounting software: 1 year (preferred) Ruby on Rails: 1 year (preferred) English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID436:
Create and implement the technical elements of a game feature in with technical directors, programmers, and colleagues from other job families. Act as a technical expert on a specific topic + oversee tools and documentation, provide technical assistance, and define and promote best practices. Participate in data optimization and validation, taking budget into account and ensuring that technical standards are respected. Participate in the advanced debugging of data throughout production. Provide regular feedback to design directors (e.g. suggestions for improving tools and methods, etc.). Help test new features and tools before their launch. Perform production tasks within the game and level design team + prototype gameplay features. Design and implement more complex, abstract, technically challenging, or game-wide design elements in the game. Experience in game or level design (with a technical focus) The ability to understand and communicate in technical language & clearly express your ideas (both on paper and in person) Flexibility + solid analysis and problem-solving skills A user-oriented spirit Curiosity: you have a passion for understanding how things work Experience with various game engines and platforms Experience with a range of 2D/3D design software programs Experience in programming/scripting Your CV, highlighting your background and skills 
ScrapedJobID437:
A graphics geek: Constantly on the lookout for new features and techniques defining the bleeding edge of real time rendering An engineer: Not only do you know all the advances in realtime rendering and love talking about them, you also know the importance of being able to implement them efficiently A problem solver: You know a problem when you see one, and you also know that if you put on your blindfold, the problem will come back later and bite you and your fellow developers in the rear right before the next milestone’s deadline. So you get in there, look past the obvious solutions, dig deeper and get it out of the way A team player: you are a brilliant team player, working well with others towards a common goal. Achieving results is what matters most to you Keen on writing simple, data-oriented code that is easy to read, easy to debug, easy to maintain and easy to optimize Become an integral part of our core tech team Help define the looks of our next games Make sure that all the shiny features and techniques work equally well on all supported platforms Dig deep into the codebase of our tech to improve existing systems Design and implement new rendering features and systems from scratch for multiple, unannounced projects for PC and consoles C++, HLSL/GLSL, Vulkan, Git, SVN, Strong 3D Math At least 2 years of professional programming experience in a graphics/rendering related role Helped shipping at least one title successfully 
ScrapedJobID438:
Contribute to Unity's codebase by implementing bug fixes and improvements Plan and build a meaningful software project that can be delivered during your internship Learn and adopt our development process (meetings, issue tracking, code reviews, etc.) Proficiency in C#, C ou C++ Keen interest in UI frameworks or authoring tools Knowledge of common data structures and algorithms Intellectual curiosity with the ability to learn and distill new information quickly Strong communication and interpersonal skills, both in person and via digital means with the ability to work in a team environment Experience building UI-heavy applications / games Basic knowledge of graphics programming Interest in software accessibility Duration: 15 or 16 weeks depending on your academic calendar. Start date May 2 or May 9 2022 Mentorship: You'll be working simultaneously with a manager and a mentor to help you develop your skills throughout your internship. Impact: Our interns are working right alongside full time team members on projects that have a lasting impact on our product and services. Networking & Development: Learning activities, networking opportunities, and social events take place throughout the summer to enrich your internship experience. Current students pursuing a relevant degree, returning to their degree program for at least one semester, and graduating in December 2022 or in the year 2023. Enrolled at a university in the country of work, or a student who is a Canadian citizen or permanent resident in Canada. Contribuer à la base de code de Unity en y apportant des correctifs et des améliorations Concevoir et réaliser un projet logiciel concret qui sera livré pendant votre stage Apprendre et adopter nos processus de développement (réunions, suivi des problèmes, revues de code, etc.) Une maîtrise des langages C#, C ou C++ Une capacité à communiquer efficacement avec vos pairs Une connaissance des structures de données et des algorithmes courants et un intérêt marqué pour les infrastructures d'interface utilisateur ou les outils de création Une curiosité intellectuelle avec la capacité d'apprendre et de synthétiser rapidement de nouvelles informations D'excellentes qualités communicationnelles et relationnelles, en personne et virtuellement, et capacité à travailler en équipe Une expérience dans la création d'applications ou de jeux à forte composante d'interface utilisateur Une connaissance de base de la programmation graphique Un intérêt pour l'accessibilité logicielle Durée : 15 ou 16 semaines, selon votre calendrier scolaire Mentorat : Vous travaillerez simultanément avec un gestionnaire et un mentor pour vous aider à développer vos compétences tout au long de votre stage. Impact : Nos stagiaires travaillent aux côtés de membres d'équipe expérimentés sur des projets qui ont un impact durable sur nos produits et services. Réseautage et perfectionnement : Des activités d'apprentissage, des occasions de réseautage et des activités sociales ont lieu tout au long de l'été pour enrichir votre expérience de stage. Étudiant.e inscrit.e dans une programme universitaire pertinent, retournant aux études pendant au moins un semestre, et qui terminera ses études soit en décembre 2022 ou en 2023 Être inscrit.e dans une université du pays de travail, ou être un.e étudiant.e qui a sa citoyenneté ou sa résidence permanente du Canada 
ScrapedJobID439:
Perform continuous A/B Testing Analysis for Product teams Support data initiatives for new products in the Monetize Team Coordinating with product teams, collecting requirements, identifying data sources, developing ETLs, designing and delivering dashboards, and performing ad hoc analyses Providing data documentation in an easily understood way to both technical and non-technical parts of the business Exploring our vast data sets to identify and investigate new opportunities and efficiencies Ad tech and/or mobile gaming experience Experience with data visualization, dashboarding and analytical report building (Looker, Periscope, Tableau, or similar) Superb communication and interpersonal skills with different partners as well as a self-starter who can operate independently and drive work to completion in a timely fashion Ability to own and lead your projects through all phases including identifying user requirements, technical design & implementation, and final delivery and refinement with partners Advanced expertise in SQL (BigQuery a plus) Previous experience communicating technical concepts to various audiences Familiarity with Python (PySpark a plus) Experience designing and maintaining ETLs (Airflow experience is a plus) Effectuer des analyses continues de tests A/B pour les équipes de produits Soutenir les initiatives en matière de données pour les nouveaux produits de l'équipe Monetize Coordonner le travail des équipes de produits, lister les besoins, cibler les sources de données, développer les processus d'extraction, de traitement et de chargement des données (ETC), concevoir et fournir des tableaux de bord et réaliser des analyses ponctuelles Fournir de la documentation compréhensible par les services techniques et non techniques de l'entreprise. Étudier nos vastes jeux de données afin de cibler et d'enquêter sur de nouvelles possibilités, notamment pour améliorer le rendement. Une expérience dans le domaine de la publicité ou des jeux mobiles Expérience en visualisation de données, ainsi qu'en création de tableaux de bord et de rapports analytiques (Looker, Periscope, Tableau ou système comparable) Vous possédez des compétences exceptionnelles en matière de communication et de relations interpersonnelles avec différents partenaires, ainsi qu'un esprit d'initiative capable de travailler de manière indépendante et de mener le travail à bien dans les délais impartis Une aptitude à s'approprier et à diriger des projets du début à la fin, notamment en déterminant les besoins des utilisateurs, en assurant la conception technique et la mise en œuvre du projet, ainsi que la livraison finale et le développement ultérieur en collaboration avec les partenaires Expertise avancée dans le langage SQL (BigQuery est un atout) Une expérience préalable de la communication de concepts techniques à des publics variés. Une familiarité avec Python (PySpark est un atout) Une expérience en matière de conception et de maintenance de processus d'ETC (une expérience avec Airflow est un atout) 
ScrapedJobID440:
The position is permanent, full-time. We're open to developers with several years of practical team experience which should include leadership roles. Variety of work is appreciated. The Voices team is located in London, Ontario Canada, but you could be elsewhere in Canada. You will help design technical solutions for business problems presented by our Product Team. You will work on the Voices web application UI, backend controls, APIs & app logic, special architecture projects, and everything in between. PHP and vanilla JS (and sometimes Node.js) are our primary languages. Familiarity with modern PHP & JS is a bonus. You should be able to plan and lead team sprints and projects through estimation and cooperative research. You will have the opportunity to develop new features and find ways to improve the product. Sometimes these features will span multiple teams for an all-hands approach. You will also handle internal support conversations, investigate trouble tickets, and contribute to occasional infrastructure projects. You should also be comfortable with helping expand the knowledge of your colleagues and help them develop highly functional, efficient, and readable code. Guiding technical solution planning for sprints and small projects. Designing work packages for your team that match up business and technical requirements. Creating task tickets (Jira) to reliably deliver quality products. Ensuring that your team meets compliance rules for security and accessibility. Building customer-facing and internal user interfaces with CSS from LESS/SASS, HTML & JS. Creating and extending an MVC application using PHP frameworks (CodeIgniter, Laravel) and occasional scripts. Other technologies also play a role. Applying your knowledge of accessibility standards (AODA, WCAG) and site security (OWASP) to improve life for our users. Testing your work for performance and bottleneck improvements. Building or extending our internal APIs and 3rd-party integrations (Salesforce, S3, SQS, and other AWS services). Working with multiple Git branches, writing and reviewing Pull Requests (BitBucket), and pushing production-level code regularly and on a schedule. Oversee the preparation of the test and release plan for your work by creating DB migration scripts and collaborating with the testing team. Helping to maintain our internal component library & design system, and contribute to build scripts (Gulp, Webpack, Babel). Building new product pages and functionality for our website and documenting projects (Confluence). Writing and updating technical documentation and requirements. Reviewing and triaging support conversations. Fixing bugs and following up with our Product and Support teams. Collaborating via Slack, Figma, and regular video or in-person chats. You want to ship regularly. Your passion is to build end-to-end software. You always want to improve and learn. You understand the importance of quality code. Your code is documented, understandable and predictable. Tests are written with confidence. You’re comfortable with a varied stack. You have production-level experience with JavaScript, PHP, React, build & migration scripts, and even asynchronous queues. You can explain your thinking. You are able to communicate your ideas or issues well. Your goal is to build for everyone. You are skilled in developing front-ends from scratch to create valid, reusable, performant, and accessible pages at all screen sizes. You are self-motivated and can work independently. You take the initiative to make sure that you have everything you need and will call for support when required. You love learning. You thrive on solving problems, learning new tricks, bridging the gaps between new and old, and want to keep getting even better. You love sharing. Helping your team based on your experience is time well spent. You have 3+ years experience in database-driven web site development. You have been able to lead a team to a positive, shared goal. You earned a BS or MS in Computer Science, Diploma in Web Development or have the equivalent work experience. Development Manager Technical Project Managers Product Managers Product Designers UX Researchers Product & Marketing Developers Infrastructure Developers Analytics & Data Science Team Quality Assurance Team Voices had all of our colleagues working from home with their laptops, monitor, accessories includes their ergonomic chairs by Monday March 16th, 2020 We hold virtual huddle every Monday and bi-weekly virtual Town Halls We care about the mental health of our colleagues through our EFAP program and human connection through our optional virtual social events such as meditation, stretching, games, happy hours, etc. 
ScrapedJobID441:
B.S. in Computer Science, or equivalent background in data structures, algorithms, object-oriented design and systems architecture 1+ years of experience with at least one language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design Design, develop and maintain a highly distributed, scalable multiplayer environment using high quality C++ code Leverage AWS-based solutions that will solve the needs of the game development, publishing, customer service, and live operations teams Monitor, measure, and improve system stability and developer iteration time Proactively identify and solve problems that affect the development team Be an advocate for players and developers: Insist on the highest standards, drive to operational excellence, help create functional and engaging customer-centric features A passion for video games Experience in real time networking Experience working on PC games Experience coding against large data systems Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role 
ScrapedJobID442:
Improve prototypes to minimal viable products for game development teams. Design, code, and integrate machine-learning-based prototypes in game engines & internal middleware. Partner with product teams to release complete product packages that meet production quality criteria (robustness, documentation, completeness, and performance). Work closely with research scientists and production leads. Develop and maintain prototyping tools and infrastructure to facilitate collaboration between researchers. Provide support throughout prototype creation. Encourage standardization of frameworks, libraries, etc. among R&D teams + recommend and share best practices. An undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent At least 3 years of software development experience or related experience (with a focus on machine learning or in the gaming industry a huge plus) Mastery of Python & proficiency in C++ A highly collaborative and solution-oriented spirit Curiosity and critical thinking Excellent communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills Motivation to innovate in the video game industry & adapt to its (constantly evolving) rhythm Experience with deep learning frameworks (e.g. PyTorch or Tensor Flow), storage systems, distributed systems, high-performance computing, or CUDA programming Knowledge of Linux and Windows OS Familiarity with Maxscript or MEL Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID443:
Must have Drupal Experience and be able to provide example work Producing high quality work adhering to Acro Media standards and following the Acro Media production process Implementing updates & revisions to web sites Contributing code back to the Drupal community, testing and responding to issues, maintaining modules. Working independently on multiple smaller tasks or larger builds with shifting priorities and tight deadlines Adhering to and providing accurate estimates for the amount of time required to repair a defect, a build, or to add additional functionality to an existing application Providing efficient solutions in a timely manner for work requests, issues, and defects Communicating well with Account Managers, Supervisors, and Clients in regards to work requests, problems and defects Acting as both a peer/mentor to other Developers as well as be comfortable asking for help from team members Ability to find and fix problems in code, this might not be your code and your only hint might be a cryptic complaint from a client. A good mix of web development skills, you should be able to build out site template and then code all the gears and pulleys behind the scenes as well, we try not to have people who do all HTML/CSS and people who do all backend coding, we like people who can multi-class. You’re not going to work on the same thing for 8 months. If you only have experience on embedded systems or just design sexy layouts, maybe try to brush up on your weaker areas, we are open minded though so don’t let this scare you away. Our designers use Photoshop, so when you’re building out the templates, it’s good to know how to navigate around this application. Basic knowledge of how layers work, and the use of some the more important tools that are required for taking apart the design and deriving all the images for web-use is a plus. We're open to good programmers who know other languages and technologies and are will to learn, but below is a list of a bunch of stuff we normally work with: Has Drupal work to send us PHP SQL CSS3/HTML5 Javascript/jQuery XML Bonus: C++/Objective C/C#/C If you know other languages don’t forget to mention them, if you are a badass Lisp hacker type, mention that. Comfortable working in a Linux shell to do day-to-day tasks. Hopefully, you have installed Linux on something at least once, even if it was just your Xbox, phone...or vacuum etc. (For real though, you can get Linux installed on a Roomba) Some understanding of Linux hosting if at all possible. Have you configured your own server? Did you setup a web server for your house or friends, even if no one else really cared? Prior experience with a source control system (ex, SVN, Git, GitHub, etc.) Has Drupal work to send us Formal education or prior experience is NOT required, we just want to know that you can code, so you’ll have to have some work you can show us. All offers of employment with Acro Media Inc are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Flex start times & Earned days off: Do you prefer to start at 8:00? or 9:00? We'll work with you. Want every second Friday off? Well we've got a program for that too! Paid Overtime for all roles...including salary positions: What? What?! Yep you heard right. We pay for all approved OT...not that we want everyone working so hard, but with the natural ebb and flow of our industry sometimes it's needed to blast out the OT in order to keep our heads above water. We find this little pay cheque nugget is a nice reward for the over timerz. Slappies: Tougher to explain but once a month we get together and have a little ceremony, some food, a few brews - no altars or corporate chants involved. Fun day: We aim to have fun every day; however, every year for a day we cram a bunch of fun on ourselves. Weee! SPARC Events: Sometimes we have an in-house breakfast, team building events, (less corny than it sounds), competitions, or just a plain little reward for no reason. It's a little spark in our usually normal days. Warning, we make you wear costumes. Often. Culture: We're a certain type of people. We're all a little different and unique in our own way but we seem to work well together. No one’s perfect and we embrace that. We take our work seriously, but we don't take ourselves too seriously. Check out our site to get to know us! 
ScrapedJobID444:
Reporting to the Head of Mobile, in this role you will be working on our client-facing engineering team to build new and exciting applications - from the planning and architecture phases to implementation and testing. Working closely with our product and design teams, you will be required to break down large-scale feature sets into smaller, fast-paced deliverables, building fast, optimized, and user-friendly iOS framework. You will have the opportunity to expand your development skill set, learn new development approaches, stay ahead of the latest technologies, and participate in building SDKs and frameworks. Participate in design activity, and implement flows and mockups as illustrated by the UX design team, while intelligently and creatively "filling in the gaps" Regularly collaborate with members across the scrum teams Regularly identify ways to refactor code supporting continuous improvement of SDKs Participate in regular code reviews Solid understanding of multithreaded applications, Shared Data, Directed Graphs, and Dependency Management Strong understanding of Value and Reference semantics Help in building new and exciting features within our SDKs Create a full range of unit/automated tests to ensure your applications, as well as SDK functions, are reliable, quick, and optimized Learn about and introduce new technologies/frameworks that help make development easier Provide mentorship to other team members Bachelor degree in Computer Science or equivalent degree 5+ years of experience in iOS development and deep understanding of iOS frameworks Knowledge of MVP, MVVM, and MVC architecture design patterns Knowledge of Objective-C Knowledge and experience developing applications using Swift 4.2+. Experience developing applications using Xcode 10.1+ and iOS SDK 9.0+ Knowledge of frameworks such as HealthKit, Notification Center, CoreData, CoreMotion, CoreBluetooth, CoreLocation Knowledge of implementing caching techniques within iOS Knowledge in creating both automated and unit tests Knowledge in Git workflows and agile development Familiarity in building and managing dynamic frameworks Excellent communication and documentation skills Perks: Time when you need it: generous vacation policy (plus holiday time off in December!) Various social events to connect with your team members Annual events, hackathons, and lunch ‘n learnsMonthly office socials Weekly build-your-own breakfast and lunch bars Daily healthy snacks and drinks (Don’t worry, we have chips too!)Your choice between Mac and PC to customize your workstation Game room with ping pong and chess etc. Community volunteer opportunities Benefits: The opportunity to join a forward-thinking company surrounded by a collaborative team of innovative thinkers A rewarding career path with diverse and global opportunities for professional development A competitive compensation and benefits package: 100% Employer paid health and dental benefits for regular, full-time employees Internal training to support your growth and enhance your skills: generous learning and development budget for our employees to attend conferences, classes and other events 
ScrapedJobID445:
Architect and develop new services and API's, establish infrastructure, and implement protocols Take ownership of the development and maintenance of features, coordinating with the product design team, identifying technical roadblocks and proposing solutions Collaborate with the team lead and other software developers to plan, design, develop, test, and maintain solutions based on the Unity Reflect Platform and its infrastructure Participate in peer-reviews of solution designs and related code and infrastructure Observe and foster code quality standards and agile software development methodologies Experience building highly available and scalable distributed systems from the ground up Proficiency developing in either Java/Spring or C#/.NET Core Problem solver with a natural investigative ability to seek the best solution and grit to overcome development challenges Good communicator with the ability to discuss and understand software design fluently and in depth Capable of working constructively as part of a team with diverse skill sets and backgrounds Experience with CQRS and event sourced architectures Ability to go "Full Stack" to develop or trace code between application and server Experience with scalable solutions and the prospect of large data sets 
ScrapedJobID446:
At least 3 years of Web Front End development experience; more experienced candidates are welcome Strong knowledge of React/Redux architecture Strong knowledge of HTML/CSS, animations, transitions, responsive design and browser specifics Solid knowledge of JavaScript, ES6, TypeScript and Node.js Comfortable with the Unix command lines Experience with a revision control tools, ideally from the command line: such as svn, git, p4 Self-directed; able to own your work and not be spoon fed Must be a resident of Canada and be eligible to work in Canada Communicate with remote team members regarding the project requirements, priorities and progress Build community tools which will be used by game developers and gamers Support and improve the existing tools and services Make sure the code quality is good and improving Experience with video streaming implementation and working with distributed teams DevOps experience - CI and deployments Understanding of and willingness to work according to agile manifesto spirit Familiarity with the video games industry and gamers community Diploma in C.S., Comp. Eng., or equivalent Annual Medical Allowance (Dental, Vision & More) Disability insurance Paid time off Remote working Continues learning opportunities Overtime pay 
ScrapedJobID447:

ScrapedJobID448:
Développer un code propre et maintenable, adapté à une intégration continue et à un déploiement continu, qui respecte les meilleures pratiques et les directives en matière de logiciels Fournir une expertise et un leadership en matière de développement web Concevoir, architecturer et développer des outils et des services pour le développement et le fonctionnement des jeux Collaborer avec d'autres développeurs pour assurer le déploiement, le fonctionnement continu et le soutien de des logiciels de qualité Fournir activement du feedback en matière de révision de code aux autres développeurs Effectuer, sous une supervision minimale, des mandats d'une complexité significative Develop clean, maintainable code that is suitable for continuous integration and continuous deployment which respects best practices and software guidelines Provide expertise and leadership in front-end web development Design, architect and develop tools and services for the development and operation of game Collaborate with other developers to ensure smooth deployment, continual operation and support of quality software Actively provide code review feedback to other developers Perform under minimal supervision on significantly complex assignments Plus de 5 ans d'expérience dans la création d'outils et de services web utilisant les technologies web modernes Plus de 5 ans d'expérience avec JavaScript 5+ ans d'expérience dans l'une des langues suivantes : Java, C# ou Python Forte expérience avec un ou plusieurs frameworks JS modernes (Angular, React, Vue, etc.) Forte expérience dans la conception de logiciels utilisant des modèles de conception et de la programmation orientée objet (OOP) Expérience de développement dans un environnement cloud (idéalement AWS) Bases de données relationnelles solides, expérience pratique avec les bases de données non relationnelles/NoSQL, et une solide connaissance de celles-ci à utiliser en fonction de la situation Expérience en matière de tests automatisés Expérience de travail avec l'environnement Unix/Linux Expérience de l'intégration d'API tierces parties 5+ years of experience building web-based tools and services using modern web technology 5+ years of experience with JavaScript 5+ years of experience with one of the following languages: Java, C# or Python Strong experience with 1 or more modern JS frameworks (Angular, React, Vue etc.) Strong experience in designing software using design patterns and OOP Experience developing in a cloud environment (ideally AWS) Strong relational database fundamentals, hands-on experience with non-relational/NoSQL alternatives, and solid grasp of which to use according to the situation Experience with automated testing Experience working with Unix/Linux environment Experience with third party API integration Expérience de travail dans l'industrie des jeux vidéo, intégrant des services en ligne Expérience de travail dans une infrastructure basée sur les micro-services Expérience de travail avec des engins de jeu tels que Unity3D, Unreal, etc. Experience working in video game industry, integrating online services Experience working in a microservice-based infrastructure Experience working with game engines such as Unity3D, Unreal etc 
ScrapedJobID449:
Support and troubleshoot technical problems within the BI environment Support production processes within BI teams Support outages, delays & major deployments within the BI environment Evaluate the performance of existing processes and optimize whenever required Create new processes to improve the performance of the BI environment Share technical expertise with team and provide recommendations for best practices Enforce standards and discipline in the documentation and structured development Explore large, new sources of data; communicate and present insight opportunities to business teams across the organization to influence decision making University Degree in Software/Computer Engineering, Computer Science 3+ years of Telecom industry experience working with complex ETLs and relational databases 3+ years of hands-on experience with
Technologies such as Teradata and SAS products (with emphasis on Enterprise Guide and Data Integration Studio)
Scripting on Unix/Linux and Windows OS platforms
Developing and optimizing SQL on Teradata
OLAP or data visualization technologies such as Tableau or Microstrategy Technologies such as Teradata and SAS products (with emphasis on Enterprise Guide and Data Integration Studio) Scripting on Unix/Linux and Windows OS platforms Developing and optimizing SQL on Teradata OLAP or data visualization technologies such as Tableau or Microstrategy Ability to create, evaluate and implement ETL support controls such as self-healing processes, triggers, control tables, alerts, etc. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills (verbal and written), and detail-oriented Able to prioritize, multitask, and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment Collaborative spirit to share learnings and knowledge with peers Experience with IBM LSF Experience with Big Data and unstructured data technologies including HDFS, Spark, Map Reduce, Hive, Impala, Cloudera, NoSQL, Oozie, Sqoop Experience with ML/AI technologies LI-SP1 
ScrapedJobID450:
Work closely with analysts across our studios, assessing which metrics matter most to provide them with useful analytic content. Gather, process, and structure disparate data + create metrics accessible via APIs for end users. Integrate datasets into dashboards and analytics platforms and products. Collaborate on decisions around the use of new tools and processes. Identify opportunities to improve data quality. Stay up to date on technological advancements to help develop our best practices. Experience in data engineering (or related experience) Experience working with big data technologies (e.g. Kafka, Hadoop, Hive, HBase, Spark, etc.) Understanding of microservices architecture and REST APIs Knowledge of functional programming languages and paradigms (e.g. Scala) Solid critical thinking, communication and interpersonal skills A highly collaborative and innovative spirit Motivation to make complex information accessible (and understandable) to all Willingness to get out of your comfort zone + continuously learn and try new things Your CV, highlighting your background and skills real-time visibility on how Ubisoft titles are played; and an understanding of the habits and preferences of the people playing them. 
ScrapedJobID451:
Work closely with India's product team to build SDKs behind Paytm app Prototype new and redesign features Focus on design, the efficiency of the code and product driven development Work with an elite and focused team of app developers Write unit tests to ensure the code meets the requirements and have minimal latency At least 5+ years of Android development Experience and/or interest in Test Driven Development (TDD) (Unit Testing, UI Testing) Experience with Kotlin is a must. The following is a plus: RxJava (or Coroutines), Dagger, JUnit, Espresso Strong passion for code quality and are not allergic to test cases At least one mobile app you can show off in the interview Solid computer science fundamentals Knowledge of design and development on MVP, MVVM, or MVI models Flexibility to WFH For the third year in a row, we are proud to announce that we have been certified as a Great Place to Work We were also certified as one of the Best Workplaces for Mental Wellness in 2020 We are an open work environment that fosters collaboration, ownership, creativity, and urgency We ensure flexible hours outside of our core working hours Enrolment in the Group Health Benefits plan right from day 1, no waiting period Team building events Fuel for the day: Weekly delivery of groceries, and all types of snacks Catered lunches and desserts on a monthly basis Daily fun in the office with our competitive games of Ping Pong, Pool, Smash Bros competitions, or FIFA And of course, an unlimited amount of freshly made coffee and tea! We’re pretty serious about our coffee beans Online learning through the platform, UDEMY 
ScrapedJobID452:
Design and develop key systems such as screen flow, menu architecture, event systems, match-making and lobby UI, in-game 2D heads-up display and localization integration Develop and maintain tools and pipelines to enable artists and designers to work with the UI system Interact with other engineers to improve the whole technical team and process Assess requirements and provide effort estimates to guide an evolving development plan Collaborate continuously with design, art and technical teams to define requirements and iteratively build solutions Embrace and help improve our engineering practices for solid design, testing, and implementation 5+ years of proven game development experience Strong understanding of modern C++ Self direction and a proven ability to thrive in a highly dynamic environment Strong interdisciplinary collaboration skills, including verbal and written skills Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent Ability to work with an existing code base Experience with HTML/JavaScript/React Experience shipping AAA games Demonstrated passion for games and technology Experience with Unity 3D, Unreal, or other similar full-featured game engine Desktop / Console development experience Self direction and a proven ability to thrive in a highly dynamic environment Strong interdisciplinary collaboration skills, including verbal and written skills. 
ScrapedJobID453:
Working in an open and collaborative environment Competitive compensation and benefits package Work from home office option Employee discounts for Bosch products Access to global network of industry experts for collaboration or new learning Free drinks, coffee, and snacks Monthly office lunches alongside town halls Recreational outlets such as table tennis, foosball and PS4 games Evaluate what solution works best and what doesn’t; you’ll confidently make decisions with a “Customer-First” mentality Approach problems with a quality-centric approach and won’t settle for solutions that are “good enough” - you will strive to create the best solution possible Collaborate with different stakeholders across the business to ensure correct features are delivered on time Coach and mentor team members, strengthening the team Build scalable and reliable multi-server solutions, architecting and designing SaaS solutions, knowing the best technologies to use to solve problems Drive proper software architecture design and development practices 5+ years of experience developing backend solutions Expertise with Java EE (full stack), Java persistence API, Java SE, JEE Experienced with Springboot 2 Experienced with Kubernetes & Container Technology (Docker, Podman, containerd, etc.) Experienced with Microservices, server design patterns and best practices Understands full scope of system; from infrastructure to deployment and operations Proficiency with deployments in both cloud and customer environments Effective in working in Agile Scrum, and DevOps culture Follow a Clean Code approach and understand it's benefits Experience with SQL, NoSql, and other database technologies Security Architecture and Solutions Practical cryptography experience CI/CD Proficiency with full scope of testing - unit, integration, system, load, etc. 
ScrapedJobID454:
Note: Due to the Covid-19 pandemic, in order to keep all of our employees and candidates safe, SideFX is hiring and onboarding remotely Assist in the transition of the viewport rendering engine from OpenGL to Vulkan. Develop, maintain and support our existing real-time viewport renderer and its Hydra delegate. Collaborate with other R&D staff, technical directors, and artists to ensure the rendering technology provides the best solutions for interactivity, render quality, and visualization. Other duties as assigned Adjustments will be made to enable duties & responsibilities to be met working remotely considering the current Covid-19 pandemic situation. Computer Science degree or equivalent industry experience, with a record of academic and professional excellence. Industry experience with the Vulkan API Strong knowledge of C++ programming in a multi-threaded environment Experience with advanced real-time/GPU rendering algorithms and techniques Knowledge of OpenGL rendering and GLSL shader authoring History of delivering innovative, robust and scalable code Ability to learn independently, use solid judgment, and develop at a fast pace Extensive experience in algorithm optimization for memory and performance Uncanny ability to uncover and remove bugs in a large software base Excellent verbal and written communication Knowledge of Metal, Qt, and Python Knowledge of OpenCL Help refine the Vulkan-based architecture of Houdini’s next-generation viewport renderer Leverage Vulkan’s ray tracing capabilities for FX such as occlusion and subsurface scattering Convert existing GLSL shaders to Vulkan-compliant shaders Optimize interactivity with massive datasets Optimize simulation update time with compute/graphics interoperability Redesign visualization of simulation attributes Enhance area and environment lighting by means of ray tracing Ensure optimal functioning of the viewport renderer as a USD Hydra delegate Hybrid Work option - A great office in Downtown Toronto (right across from Union station) with the flexibility to work from home (most roles). You can help us test out our Hybrid Pilot Project 3 weeks’ vacation to relax and re-energize Health insurance coverage including a Health Service Spending Account (HSSA only for Canadian employees), for you and your dependents (only permanent employees) Employee Assistance Program (EAP); because sometimes we need a bit of extra support Retirement Plan with company matched contributions (only permanent employees) A highly competitive bonus structure (only permanent employees) A generous sick time entitlement to care for yourself and your loved ones Because you want to be part of a unique experience and winning team that has won an Oscar and an Emmy (Cool, right?) Because you want to be part of an industry-leading company that is constantly mindfully growing Because you want to work with some of the most talented people in the industry on a ground-breaking product Because you want to work with people from all around the world Because you want to be part of an exciting and fun industry Because you want to join and add to a positive, supportive and respected company culture Because you want your job to be GREAT! Location
Toronto, Ontario Department
Research and Development Employment Type
Full-Time Minimum Experience
Experienced 
ScrapedJobID455:
Automate data modeling and machine learning processes at scale. Build microservices that deliver data and models to teams and projects across Ubisoft. Build pipelines and batch processes that move and transform data. Participate in proof-of-concept projects to advance understanding of new data technologies. Experience in data engineering (or a related field) Experience with big data processing technologies (ex. Spark, Dask, Kafka, Flink, etc.) Experience programming in at least one of Python, Java, Scala or Kotlin. Experience working on a cloud platform (AWS, Azure, GCP, etc.) Familiarity with the principles of microservice architecture. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Bilingual (English & French) Your CV, your expertise and/or related experience and skills 
ScrapedJobID456:
Develop and maintain audio technologies for our game engine Design and build simple and powerful tools to enable the work of our sound designers Help the audio team achieve their performance and memory goals Work with the programming team to build an efficient software architecture Ensure system compatibility and performance across all targeted platforms Evaluate and integrate technologies and best practices that reinforce our mission to deliver quality products 5 years of experience in game development as a programmer Strong C ++ coding, debugging and optimization skills Good communication and teamwork skills Ability to take initiatives Experience with Unreal Engine and Wwise is a major asset A passion for games Develops and maintains audio technologies for our engine Designs and builds simple and powerful tools to enable the best work from our sound designers Helps the audio team reaching performance and memory targets Works with the programming team to build an efficient software architecture Ensures compatibility and performance of systems on all target platforms Evaluates and integrates technologies and good practices that reinforce our mission to deliver quality products 5 years of game development experience as a programmer Solid C ++ coding, debugging and optimization skills Good communication and teamwork skills Ability to take initiative Experience with Unreal Engine and Wwise is a strong asset A passion for games 
ScrapedJobID457:
Assess system development needs and evaluate their feasibility to enhance the production pipeline; Analyze existing features in the engine and available tools and suggest improvements by designing and implementing new systems whenever necessary; Support the features and systems designed for production: production workflows in the engine, plugins for third-party applications (3DSMax, Maya, source control, etc.) and productivity tools (compilation, build process, etc.); Analyze and correct the tools bugs determined by other departments Help users understand how to use the systems and features created; Carry out all other related tasks as needed Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or equivalent Experience working in C++ Experience working with Unreal game engine Console programming experience (Xbox 360, XBox One) Capable of working with and creating game scripting systems 
ScrapedJobID458:
Work in a cross-disciplinary collaborative role at the intersection of robotics and gaming/simulation Lead the software development of authoring tools for simulation development with haptic feedback controllers within Unreal Engine and Unity Collaborate with researchers developing simulation and optimization tools to improve haptic system performance Strong understanding of physics engines Working within agile / scrum methodology Worked at AAA studio or lead the development at an independent studio Worked on serious games / simulations Graduate degree in software engineering/computer science Mechatronics or mixed Hardware/Software environment experience Deploying and maintaining software systems Setting up and using CI / CD Writting drivers Network programming Operating systems Concurrency Self-motivated Organized Product focused Unreal Engine Unity C/C++ C# 
ScrapedJobID459:
The position is permanent, full-time. We're open to developers with several years of practical team experience which should include leadership roles. Variety of work is appreciated. The Voices team is located in London, Ontario Canada, but you could be elsewhere in Canada. You will help design technical solutions for business problems presented by our Product Team. You will work on the Voices web application UI, backend controls, APIs & app logic, special architecture projects, and everything in between. PHP and vanilla JS (and sometimes Node.js) are our primary languages. Familiarity with modern PHP & JS is a bonus. You should be able to plan and lead team sprints and projects through estimation and cooperative research. You will have the opportunity to develop new features and find ways to improve the product. Sometimes these features will span multiple teams for an all-hands approach. You will also handle internal support conversations, investigate trouble tickets, and contribute to occasional infrastructure projects. You should also be comfortable with helping expand the knowledge of your colleagues and help them develop highly functional, efficient, and readable code. Guiding technical solution planning for sprints and small projects. Designing work packages for your team that match up business and technical requirements. Creating task tickets (Jira) to reliably deliver quality products. Ensuring that your team meets compliance rules for security and accessibility. Building customer-facing and internal user interfaces with CSS from LESS/SASS, HTML & JS. Creating and extending an MVC application using PHP frameworks (CodeIgniter, Laravel) and occasional scripts. Other technologies also play a role. Applying your knowledge of accessibility standards (AODA, WCAG) and site security (OWASP) to improve life for our users. Testing your work for performance and bottleneck improvements. Building or extending our internal APIs and 3rd-party integrations (Salesforce, S3, SQS, and other AWS services). Working with multiple Git branches, writing and reviewing Pull Requests (BitBucket), and pushing production-level code regularly and on a schedule. Oversee the preparation of the test and release plan for your work by creating DB migration scripts and collaborating with the testing team. Helping to maintain our internal component library & design system, and contribute to build scripts (Gulp, Webpack, Babel). Building new product pages and functionality for our website and documenting projects (Confluence). Writing and updating technical documentation and requirements. Reviewing and triaging support conversations. Fixing bugs and following up with our Product and Support teams. Collaborating via Slack, Figma, and regular video or in-person chats. You want to ship regularly. Your passion is to build end-to-end software. You always want to improve and learn. You understand the importance of quality code. Your code is documented, understandable and predictable. Tests are written with confidence. You’re comfortable with a varied stack. You have production-level experience with JavaScript, PHP, React, build & migration scripts, and even asynchronous queues. You can explain your thinking. You are able to communicate your ideas or issues well. Your goal is to build for everyone. You are skilled in developing front-ends from scratch to create valid, reusable, performant, and accessible pages at all screen sizes. You are self-motivated and can work independently. You take the initiative to make sure that you have everything you need and will call for support when required. You love learning. You thrive on solving problems, learning new tricks, bridging the gaps between new and old, and want to keep getting even better. You love sharing. Helping your team based on your experience is time well spent. You have 3+ years experience in database-driven web site development. You have been able to lead a team to a positive, shared goal. You earned a BS or MS in Computer Science, Diploma in Web Development or have the equivalent work experience. Development Manager Technical Project Managers Product Managers Product Designers UX Researchers Product & Marketing Developers Infrastructure Developers Analytics & Data Science Team Quality Assurance Team Voices had all of our colleagues working from home with their laptops, monitor, accessories includes their ergonomic chairs by Monday March 16th, 2020 We hold virtual huddle every Monday and bi-weekly virtual Town Halls We care about the mental health of our colleagues through our EFAP program and human connection through our optional virtual social events such as meditation, stretching, games, happy hours, etc. 
ScrapedJobID460:
Implement and improve various low-level systems that interface with platform APIs, i.e. memory allocators (physical and virtual), file systems, input systems, graphics APIs (Vulkan, DirectX 12, Nintendo, and PlayStation), shader compilers, etc. Analyze and continuously strive to solve and optimize problems related to a modern game engine (load times, memory usage and platform-specific performance issues) Make improvements to platform toolchains, i.e. compiler/linker support, deployment to device, SDK upgrades, platform-specific data management tools, debugger integration, crash reporting, etc. Help us embrace, support, extend and enhance our engine for future hardware Extensive experience with C++ Experience with a broad range of engineering areas in shipping games or real-time visualization systems, with special attention given to low-level code and deep optimization Experience with OS-level systems on Xbox One, Xbox Series X/S, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Switch and Stadia Well-versed in software engineering principles, especially API design Familiarity with development tools and profiling on game consoles, including PIX, Razor, Renderdoc, etc. You're user-focused, passionate, scrappy, solutions-focused, and innovative. These traits equal success at Epic and influence everything we do. 
ScrapedJobID461:
Direct, oversee and communicate regular updates regarding project engineering efforts including game client/server technology, development roadmap and live operation of cross platform products Manage technical design and development of game software, ensuring design and architecture is extensible across projects Architect and develop robust, scalable and efficient mobile (iOS/Android) solution to support product player base Collaborate with various key stakeholders and directly contribute to design of major game features, technology budgeting, scheduling and whole-project dependency analysis Proactively identify development bottlenecks across all areas, disciplines and projects and coordinate solutions Understand and manages technical debts where it helps to increase efficiency for the project Experience leading technical development in the mobile games space and have shipped at least 2 large scale game titles 7+ years of progressive experience in similar capacity including 5+ years in a technical leadership role, preferably in game industry Knowledgeable and approachable with demonstrated ability to drive to clear action and ownership Experience building and running highly scalable applications Experience in Profiling on any game platform (Mobile, iOS, Android, PC, Consoles) Knowledge in how to deal with platform/device specific issues A problem-solver who can also implement the solutions Experience with the Unity engine Fixing crash bugs, means firefighting Optimization Telemetry Pipelines Tools Bundling/asset management Data mining Perforce Integrations iOS/Android native code (Objective-C/Swift, Java) SDK / Plugins Unity Upgrades General infrastructure 
ScrapedJobID462:
Develop software to automate chaos and resiliency test cases that simulate failures in a system that performs financial data processing. Build a re-usable software library using a combination of open-source software and in-house technology that will be made available to other software developers at the Firm. Analyze new system architectures to identify single points of failure and other areas that may present a resiliency deficiency. Design tests to Execute the tests as part of nightly builds and Game Days. Software programming experience in distributed languages E.g. Java, Python, C++, Perl Etc. Hands on software development or test automation coding in on-premises and public Cloud environments; preferably Azure. Ability to script in Linux with exposure to administration or engineering. Experience with DevOps tooling such as Pipelines, Cloudify, Terraform is desirable. Experience with writing programs that interact with relational distributed databases like IBM DB2, Oracle SQL SQL Server. Willingness to learn new technologies and the ability to work in a dynamic and rapidly changing environment Chaos / Resiliency testing experience and stochastic modelling. Experience with industry leading chaos / resiliency technologies a plus. Deep knowledge of distributed systems architecture e.g. microservices, REst, message queues, distributed transactions, distributed functions, fault tolerant systems. Ability to code using modern testing frameworks e.g. Junit, BDD, Robot. Understanding of the test automation development lifecycle and test measurement. Knowledge of container technologies such as Docker, Kubernetes Etc. Excellent communication skills both verbal and written. Minimum of 5 years of experience working for a software or Telco global firm. Bonus pay Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID463:
Your development activities will include full-stack development, participating in designs, proposing architectural decisions You will be responsible for end-to-end features: technical design, development, testing, documentation, deployment, maintainability You will work with the existing tech team to embed our custom interface elements You will work closely with the tech leadership to build highly secure and scalable backend services 5+ years of experience as a full-stack web developer (any back-end environment) Experience with microservice architecture and back-end data modeling Understanding of various data transfer techniques (REST, GraphQL, WebSockets, etc) Experience building products from scratch Familiarity with recent UI/UX design trends, particularly on social platforms Experience with advanced data storage designs such as event sourcing Experience with more exotic data transfer techniques such as WebRTC Experience with emerging technologies Competitive salary, at home perks and participation in the Employee Stock Option Plan. Dental care Extended health care Stock options Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID464:
3 + years of experience using full stack technologies, including but not limited to: Node.js, C#/.NET core, React, Backbone.js Demonstrated experience with relational databases and SQL Deep understanding and appreciation of automated testing Familiarity with DevOps practises including CI/CD, containerization, configuration, monitoring, alerting, etc. 
ScrapedJobID465:
Collaborate with game designers and across disciplines to translate concepts into specific playable levels, including layout, modeling, gameplay, event scription, and balance and tuning of levels. Fleshes out level / environment architectural details and works with artists for textures and details to establish levels' final appearances. Provide feedback on and contribute to the direction of user-facing level creation tools including but not limited to the User Interface, Models, Textures, and VFX options available. Deliver and ensure that the quality and performance of all created levels is maintained throughout production and bug Ensure all tools and features are working as intended and coordinate with the QA team to report bugs and reproduction steps. Utilize provided toolset and operate on the outlined processes for handling working files, implementing levels, vettingcheck-ins, etc. Document tools and processes used to create level content. Work with LiveOps team and provide input to community engagement opportunities. Collaborate with Manager on short and mid-term objects of project milestones and deadlines. Performs research for levels and provide additional support as needed in replicating real-world environments. Contribute to the studio's growing philosophy of game design and how we make The ability to demonstrate outstanding level creation skills. Industry experience and knowledge of the video game development process. A collaborative mindset with the ability to welcome and consider all forms of feedback. Strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to work across disciplines. Self-motivated individual with a willingness to research and learn the subject of assigned games. Experience creating content in The Golf Club or PGA TOUR 2K series. Experience as a level creator on racing or action-sport games. Experience with the Unity game engine. Experience with collaborative documentation, and planning and source control tools. 
ScrapedJobID466:
Graduate from an accredited school of medicine for M.D. (Doctor of Medicine). Experience working with patients of varying ethnicities, socioeconomic levels, and cultures a plus. Experience using electronic medical records (EMR) preferred. Good standing with CPSBC Provide high-quality, evidence-based, patient-centered care Collaborate with a multidisciplinary group including physiotherapists, chiropractors, biomechanists, massage therapists and software developers Prefer strong interest and some experience in musculoskeletal medicine, ideally with CASEM certification Full scope of adult and/or pediatric primary care. Ability to effectively communicate, verbally & in writing, with all levels of staff and patients. Must possess strong problem-solving skills and effective time management skills. Must be able to follow all PCHC protocols, including those related to clinic administration, patient care, and completion of timely chart notes. Conduct thorough medical assessments and examinations Determine and recommend treatment and investigations as required Discuss medical problems, plans and requirements with referral sources maintaining privacy requirements Provide education sessions for staff, treatment team as required Collaborate with the team to ensure patients receive an individualized program inclusive of physical, psychosocial and functional aspects of care 
ScrapedJobID467:
Creating and communicating gameplay design concepts while maintaining a clear understanding of design direction Creating prototypes (paper and digital) to validate gameplay design concepts Driving the development, design and implementation of gameplay systems and puzzles working with all production disciplines Provide feedback and accurate risk/scope assessments when new features are proposed Working with the producer to organize design reviews and playtesting sessions Using feedback from reviews and playtests to implement gameplay changes Developing, maintaining and improving best practices related to content production pipeline and tools (naming, conventions, etc.) Providing constructive feedback for gameplay content and features, and provide continual technical support for the content production pipeline Prior shipped work in a design role on a title developed in Unity or Unreal Demonstrated expertise in gathering, filtering, and applying player and developer feedback in technical design decisions Experience visually communicating design intent through "paper" prototyping or using digital art tools Demonstrated ability to listen well, treat people with respect, and maintain calm poise under stress Proven experience making wise choices and taking smart risks despite ambiguity Love for and experience designing puzzle games Educational achievement in gameplay design, human-computer interaction, interface design, or related Technical programming skills to complement design skills Experience developing for virtual reality 
ScrapedJobID468:
The attributes of modern cloud businesses demand new ways of thinking: more human-centered and experienced-based approaches Cloud technology should free people from bureaucracy and hierarchy and empower them to analyze and solve problems independently. Aligning people, processes, and technology to the overall business strategy—with empathy and creativity—transforms industries. Celebrating each employee’s contributions – not just their skills on paper, but who they really are – cultivates an environment where our people are engaged, believe in our vision, and are fiercely committed to creating game-changing results for our clients. Participating in new deal pursuits and helping us grow our business. Confirming that projects are implemented successfully and within the original deal construct (i.e., revenue and margin). Building strong relationships with Oracle Advertising & Customer Experience (ACX) sales and product development, working collaboratively with them to address client needs throughout the delivery of our programs. Developing long-lasting client relationships, proving yourself as a trusted advisor who our clients can depend on. Developing and coaching the people around you to excel in their role, achieving great things for the career, our business, and our clients. Collaborating with your colleagues to create thought leadership and to improve the way we deliver in the market. Develop defined strategies across Oracle’s core industries Contribute to the delivery of revenues. Help achieve the sold margin on a project. Help achieve distinctive customer satisfaction on the projects you lead. Amplify ACX’s broader growth transformation, ensuring consulting is seen as a trusted advisor to sales, partners, and clients. Illustrate through stellar results that Oracle consulting is the glue that drives customer success. Passion for and ability to have cross-industry consultative conversations regarding business challenges and opportunities building trusted advisory relationships with customers. Deep product and market expertise in Cloud Delivery, including customer needs, competitive landscape, and key trends in the industry. 15+ years of experience product line and/or Cloud transformation consulting. Proven experience leading end-to-end success of cloud solutions across Product and other functions including Marketing, Sales, Service, and/or Support. World-class communication and cross-functional teamwork skills. Able to handle challenging meetings with internal and external executives. Hands on – not just a leader/talker but someone who wants to roll up her/his sleeves to get the job done. Technical aptitude and business acumen. Entrepreneurial. A highly collaborative leader who can navigate different personalities, work well in teams, and believes that 1+1=>3. A strong focus on ownership and execution. Someone with the appropriate level of drive and “toughness” to effectively manage in a fast-paced and at time ambiguous environment, ensuring results and deadlines are achieved. A strong balance of strategic and tactical skills, with a high level of intellectual, agility and capacity for original thought. Focuses on actions/outcomes; driven to overachieve. Lives and breathes execution. An exceptional communicator who can write, present, and effectively adjust messages to meet individual audiences and organizations. Performance Drive & Execution – Holds self and others accountable for delivering shareholder value. Creates and instills a performance driven, results-orientation culture based on data and facts. Takes full accountability for the achievement of organizational results. Delivers audience-appropriate messages about financial performance and future expectations. Collaboration – Fosters collaboration between business leaders. Facilitates consensus among diverse stakeholders with opposing viewpoints on critical issues. Drives a diverse and inclusive culture throughout the organization. Instills a sense of common purpose, joint mission, and mutual responsibility to create and support business outcomes. Aligns strategic priorities of own area with the direction and priorities of the broader organization. Communicating for Impact – Ensures clarity around organization's strategic intent and business objectives. Champions strategic initiatives in ways that generate organization-wide understanding and support. Builds confidence and inspires support through a convincing presentation style. Inspirational Leadership – Establishes and models authentic leadership across internal and external boundaries. Builds internal and external reputation as a strategic business leader. Inspires and empowers others toward achievement of goals and strategies. Employs and develops the right talent at every level. Competitive Edge – Predicts changes in customer expectations; takes advantage of opportunities to shape and re-shape market propositions. Builds long-term business value. Creates a culture of innovation and encourages entrepreneurship. Strategically develops a range of options/paths to achieve business objectives within a changing environment. Change Agility – Initiates strategic change initiatives in anticipation of a changing external environment. Champions organizational change initiatives in a way that helps people understand, appreciate, and support them. Guides the organization to remain flexible in a changing, competitive environment. Fosters creativity, measured risk-taking actions, and entrepreneurial thinking in others Mastering Complexity – Makes decisions about the long-term strategy to sustainably grow the business. Creates an environment that shapes and supports cross-functional analysis of problems and decision-making. Actively supports the resolution of ambiguous, complex problems that cross organizational boundaries. Creates an environment of personal accountability and ownership for problem-solving. Prior Employment Verification. Education Verification. Social Security Trace. Criminal Background Check. Motor Vehicles Records (where required for position). World’s first autonomous database. Industry’s broadest and deepest suite of cloud applications More than 18,000 patents worldwide. 38,000 developers and engineers. 19,000 implementation consultants. 20,000 partners across the globe. Supports thousands of educational institutions and millions of students in more than 120 countries. 430,000 customers in 175 countries. 10,000 customer support and service specialists, speaking 29 languages. 
ScrapedJobID469:
Bridge the gap between research insights and tangible concepts Make sense of complex systems or large volumes of data and content and represent them in simplified models Refine concepts into meaningful narratives that speak to business opportunities, technical feasibility and organisation set up Identify the right interaction patterns to apply in each context Collaborate fluidly with visual designers and developers Engage in client workshops to identify customer experience opportunities and solutions, and presenting strategic thought leadership Understand the goals, business requirements and constraints for the project Help to translate business requirements into user stories Conduct secondary research, including trend benchmarking and competitor analysis Create frameworks such as customer journeys based on inputs from research Define and prioritize opportunity areas and then translating them into concepts Design wireframes, user flow diagrams and application maps Create and test interactive prototypes Document, describe, and share functional requirements and interaction guidelines with clients and developers 3+ years of professional ux design experience (although you might have had a different job title, like “interaction designer”, “information architect”, or “product designer”) Highly developed design skills, demonstrated in your portfolio of recent work Confident presentation and storytelling abilities Experience collaborating in multifunctional teams Proficiency with contemporary design and prototyping tools and methods Affinity with Diff’s values, and a passion for creating products that meet peoples’ functional and emotional needs Knowledge of the digital development lifecycle, while working in both Agile and Waterfall methodologies A university degree in Interaction Design, Human Computer Interaction, or a related design or behavioural science discipline Academic, professional, or life experience from outside the design field that enriches your perspective as a designer Agency Experience Shopify Experience Bilingual (Spoken French & English) Hobbies and a sense of humor! Medical, dental & life insurance! Discount on public transport Dialogue: Tele-medicine platform Cellphone and gym allowance Weekly virtual yoga class MacBook Pro / Lenovo Thinkpad for business and personal use When we're at the office, we have monthly fun company events (movie nights, go-karting, escape games, laser quest, rock climbing, picnics, etc!) No dress code, but please wear pants :) 
ScrapedJobID470:
Designing/developing and maintaining Katana tooling for the surfacing and lighting teams. Collaboration with lighting artists and other software developers to establish pipeline and Producing technical specifications and documentation for the tools you develop. Ensure that bug reports and support requests are dealt with swiftly and efficiently. Degree in Computer Science or similar subject, or equivalent industry experience Software development experience in C++, PyQt and Python Experience using and/or developing for Katana and/or an equivalent lighting/rendering package. Experience with automated software testing methodologies and tools Working knowledge of Open Shading Language Working knowledge of other specialisms within the Visual Effects pipeline Experience with one or more modern renderers: Renderman, Arnold, Mantra etc. Previous experience in surfacing and/or lighting for Films or Games. Experience using and/or developing for Houdini 
ScrapedJobID471:
Ensure the stability of the game through the development of automated testing frameworks. Integrate testing efforts and tools with CI/CD. Build and deploy software assemblies. Leverage game analytics including performance data like frame rate (fps) and stability via telemetry, QA systems, benchmark tests, and other sources to inform decision making and optimize automation systems. Break down the development of the system into a number of manageable tasks. Strong knowledge of automation. Experience working with Perforce and Git source control systems. Experience with crash reporting systems. Excellent communication, for both technical and non-technical stakeholders. Experience with cloud and on-premise infrastructure. Knowledge of Unreal Engine automation tools (preferred). Passionate about games or the gaming industry (preferred). 
ScrapedJobID472:
Work in agile/scrum project teams to design, develop and maintain high-performance cloud-based services and applications that are integral part of a rich portfolio of digital products/offerings of diverse types, such as mobile applications, IoT applications, and web portals/dashboards. Work closely and collaboratively within the scrum project team with diverse backgrounds, e.g., mobile developers, web front-end developers, QA engineers, UX designers, business analysts, product owners, etc. Work with architects and peer cloud developers to identify, architect and design a catalog of common and adaptable platform services to enable applicable applications across products and businesses. Work with external development vendors/partners and to provide oversight as internal technical owners in the cloud services area. Stay on the cutting edge of technology evolution in the cloud services and applications area, as the subject matter experts within the company. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related engineering and technical field. 5+ years experience in the .NET/C# development and the technology stack, e.g., C#, .NET Core, REST API, MVC APIs, JSON, REST, MVC, Razor, Ajax and Asynchronous Programming, REST Service Architecture. 2+ years of industry experience on MS Azure Services with Developing, Deploying and configuring Azure Web Apps, Azure App Services, Azure Functions, Azure web jobs, etc., using Visual Studio or Visual Studio Code. 2+ years of industry experience in developing and hosting REST API using Azure API Management, Swagger and integration with Azure web apps. 2+ years of industry experience in developing Azure Mobile Apps, Mobile backend Services on Azure. 2+ years of industry experience in building solutions using CosmosDB, Event Hub, Service Bus, Blob Storage, Azure Files, Table Storage 5+ years of experience in code repository management and dev-op process using TFS, Visual studio online, Git, SVN, etc. 2+ years of experience with front end frameworks such as React, AngularJS, Vue, etc. Experience with Angular 2+ is preferred. Strong knowledge of .NET design patterns and practices. Experience of building solutions that use Azure Active Directory, ADFS, OAuth, SAML for authentication/Authorization. Working knowledge and experience in Micro-Service Programming model, SOA, Service Fabric or Kubernetes Good understanding and experience in designing, hosting and managing data in SQL Azure, Document DB, Mongo DB, Table Storage, Azure Data Lake, blob storage. Working knowledge of Azure Analytics, PowerShell, ARM, Azure CLI. Knowledge of Actor Model, State full Service & Stateless Services. Knowledge in Open source technologies used in .NET/Web application, Nuget, Webpack Experience with IdentityServer. Experience with Machine Learning. Experience in cloud migration and integration. Familiar with modern IoT (Internet of Things) platform architecture. A strong outcome focus, ownership and inner self-drive to bring connected offerings to real-world customers with tangible impact. A life-long learner who constantly updates skills. A love for the game of Golf. Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Do you live in or around Calgary, AB? Secondary School (preferred) Angular: 2 years (required) .NET: 5 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID473:
Build and deliver applications on the ServiceNow platform that apply innovative technical solutions to eliminate manual processes and simplify workflows for complex procedures Review, analyze, and modify ServiceNow application configurations to include process workflows, testing, debugging and implementation of applications Thoroughly document application configuration processes and procedures Develop reports, integrations, and mobile solutions Activate and configurate ServiceNow applications to meet business needs Develop workflows and scripts to personalize existing ServiceNow applications Develop ServiceNow custom applications from inception to completion in order to automate and improve processes Work closely with users to research, design, develop and deliver innovative solutions to improve their business processes Ability to thrive in fast moving and highly complex environments. Exceptional change, problem, and incident management experience with strategic and tactical leadership traits, strong interpersonal and communications skills Analytical and KPI, ROI focused with the ability to manipulate data, build reports, and craft analysis to generate insights & recommendations across KUBRA product portfolio Ability to analyze data to leverage market insight from internal and external sources into powerful insights and actions. Excellence in consumer centric strategic and creative thinking. Demonstrated aptitude for technology, product development. Excellent written and verbal communication skills and working knowledge in the various stages of ITIL, Project Management, Change / Release, QA and DevOps lifecycles Superior ability to collaborate cross functionally University degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business Administration or related field and /or Proven technical experiences Bachelor’s degree (or equivalent years of experience) and 5+ years of overall IT experience 8+ years of overall IT experience 5+ years of ITSM experience is preferred 3+ years of experience with development of ServiceNow Workflows, client, and server-side scripting 2+ years of experience with ServiceNow Certified ServiceNow Administrator 2+ years of experience with ServiceNow modules to include but not limited to IT Service Management, HR Service Delivery, IT Financial Management, IT Business Management, Software Asset Management Web service and database experience is a plus Experience in ServiceNow medium to complex implementation is highly desirable Should possess knowledge and experience in ServiceNow & JIRA Integrations and other API Integrations Experience with Atlassian products is highly preferred Industry level certifications (ITILv3 or greater) ServiceNow Certified Application Developer Certified ServiceNow Administrator Experience coding efficient, object-oriented and modularized software Knowledge of JavaScript, JSON, XML, SOAP, REST and associated frameworks (JQuery, Angular JS) Experience with HTML technologies including HTML, CSS and Basic Tags Familiarity with Unix shell and source control systems and tools such as git, maven and ant Development experience in ServiceNow application customization and ServiceNow scripting (using JavaScript, HTML, CSS, XML, SOAP and REST Web services) is a plus ServiceNow Administrator Fundamentals certification is a plus Experience designing and implementing solutions that ensure security, integrity, scalability, and consistency of critical user data Demonstrated experience in Strategic Planning but also able to understand and lead tactical activities of team in transformational initiatives in complex and dynamic environments A unique, supportive, and flexible work environment Challenges related to working in a fast-paced, growing environment Confidence to take risks when we see potential A management team that cares about people Exposure to and experience on an industry leading cloud based project management information system An extensive orientation program Mentorship from within both the PMO and Technical/Business Team Structure at KUBRA An opportunity to learn and gain exposure to advanced payment technologies in a rapidly growing and competitive industry A chance to join the occasional beach volleyball game or board game night 
ScrapedJobID474:
Competitive salaries with annual bonus Enjoy schedules that value work-life balance, and a committee ensuring well-being and job satisfaction Come work in a relaxed environment with other elite developers and engage in our friendly rivalry with the OKIOK pentest team Working on a variety of one-of-a-kind projects Banking your hours, never work at your expense Access paid training and certifications Participate in CTFs with the team each year Working with cutting edge technologies such as cloud native, AI, devOPs, agile, SDLC, and many more Work with recognized experts and develop your skills through mentoring Game nights, 5@7, team activities, barbecue and more! Participate in software analysis, design, coding and documentation; Take responsibility for the development of applications under its responsibility, such as:
The development of specifications;
The delivery of his projects;
Liaison with the technical teams of clients and partners;
Managing the transfer of knowledge to partners;
Participation in the drafting of documentation (manuals, training, etc.). The development of specifications; The delivery of his projects; Liaison with the technical teams of clients and partners; Managing the transfer of knowledge to partners; Participation in the drafting of documentation (manuals, training, etc.). Conduct research for the implementation of new technologies. Cloud : AWS (Lambda, Cognito, API Gateway, Dynamo, etc.) and Azure Technologies : Java, SQL, Hibernate, REST Web Services UI: Vue, Bootstrap, Typescript, SPA Environnement : Git, IntelliJ, Gitlab CI, AWS CDK, Terraform Undergraduate degree in computer engineering or in a field deemed equivalent (completed); recent professional experience in Java development Interest in computer security; Have an excellent sense of organization, initiative and analytical ability; Ability to make quick decisions in a changing environment and to be innovative; Excellent teamwork skills; French and English bilingualism. 
ScrapedJobID475:
Work with publishing partners to fix bugs, integrate 3rd party SDKs, and polish the last 10% Maintain and update existing game, engine, and server code Develop and improve Noodlecake technologies including porting, publishing, account management, cross-promotion, analytics, and financial tools Design and implement new game features Port games to new platforms by implementing or adapting features as necessary Evaluate and provide feedback for new potential games to publish as well as games currently in development Be involved in the game creation process, including brainstorming, prototyping, development, testing, and launching games Adapt to the existing coding conventions in projects while writing good, clean code Maintain basic documentation of projects you've worked on Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent combination of education and work experience Minimum 5 years of experience as a software developer, including at least some experience in game development Experience working with and understanding of some of C# / Objective C / Java / C / C++ Experience working with a team of developers Understanding of good design patterns and how to write efficient code Competency with development software including Git and common IDEs Ability to quickly and effectively learn new technologies Ability to jump in and understand new code bases Ability to manage time effectively, work independently, and self start tasks Ability to effectively communicate progress and problems with a team Must be legally eligible to work in Canada Familiarity with Unity and / or Cocos2D Experience with mobile app development and distribution Experience using Macs and the command line Understanding of client-server based systems Knowledge of various cloud infrastructures and services Understanding of basic art / visual design and usability concepts Close proximity to Saskatoon, SK (although remote applicants are welcome) Flexible working hours Ability to work remote or hybrid 4 weeks starting vacation R&D time to work on self-selected side projects Subsidized parking Subsidized group health plan (after probation) Company bonus structures (after 1 year) 
ScrapedJobID476:
You are able to produce extensible, modular, performant and maintainable code independently You are comfortable with a language suitable for backend development (NodeJS) You are comfortable querying databases and performing aggregations (MongoDB, SQL) You have experience building and using APIs (GraphQL, REST) You are comfortable interpreting and sketching conceptual data models (ERDs) You are at home working in a Linux shell and writing simple bash scripts Build solutions to move, store, recall and transform data throughout the application without loss Create, maintain and improve repeatable systems for onboarding large amounts of data rapidly from a variety of sources Extract maximum value from legacy data to achieve compatibility with the application Produce reports to answer data-related questions from teams throughout the company Suggest new technologies, algorithms, and methodologies to move solutions forward Collaborate with our delivery team to optimize the experience for new customers Advise our product team with insights you discover through data analysis Manage your time and workload to achieve outcomes for scheduled events Study the industry and become familiar with how companies are built and how they keep up with regulatory requirements in many jurisdictions Understand and stay informed of the outcomes Athennian is built to deliver Collaborate closely with team members in an agile environment Assist in mentoring junior developers and sharing your experiences with the team Take the lead on projects as needed You know how to exit from Vim You are familiar with Object Oriented programming You know how to use TypeScript and why you should You are familiar with AWS services such as EC2 and S3 
ScrapedJobID477:
C#, Unity, JavaScript, SQL en général et BigQuery plus particulièrement; Les systèmes CI/CD tels que TeamCity ou les composantes GIT et GCP, les langages en Python ou R, les outils de visualisation Looker ou PowerBI ainsi que les services Google Cloud Platform en général, sont des outils secondaires mais qui font de vous la personne idéale que nous recherchons ! Analyser les requêtes; Concevoir et implémenter des solutions répondant aux requis en termes de fonctionnalité et de performance; Rédiger des algorithmes en C# sur Unity de qualité; Déterminer l’origine des problèmes rencontrés; Rechercher et implémenter des solutions répondant à divers critères, tels que : le support et la maintenance à long-terme, l’étendue et la flexibilité, les standards et les meilleurs pratiques de l’industrie, la testabilité, l’ergonomie des plateformes mobiles transverses (Android et iOS); Rédiger et maintenir une unité de tests complets; Utiliser TeamCity afin de déployer votre travail ainsi que les autres systèmes CI/CD appropriés; Rédiger et maintenir la documentation technique; Participer à l’amélioration continue des processus de l’équipe d’IA; Participer aux autres activités d’IA telles que la production d’ELT, de tableaux de bord, de stockage de données, de rapports ou de modèles. Expérience confirmée dans l’utilisation de C# et Unity dans un environnement en mode Agile; Expérience dans le développement de jeux vidéo ou d’applications pour Android et iOS; Être orienté-solutions et apporter des solutions innovantes; Avoir déjà livré de résultats de qualité; Compétences en termes d’organisation, méticuleux·se, autonome et pragmatique; Capacité à être proactif·ve et responsable dans un environnement innovant et dynamique; Un intérêt pour l’amélioration continue; Forte conviction et expérience dans l’intégration continue et le déploiement continu de stratégies; Expérience avec des concepts de qualité tels qu’une unité de tests, des tests de régression et les développements pilotés (TDD); Expérience avec des outils de développements variés (tels que Perforce, GIT, Visual Studio, Eclipse), JIRA ou un autre outil de gestion Scrum, TeamCity. Sens des responsabilités, orienté-solution, capacité à travailler dans environnement dynamique dans le respect des délais; Bonne communication, capacité à exprimer ses idées et attentes en clarté; Esprit analytique; Esprit d’équipe. De la passion pour la précision, l’efficience et la qualité; Intérêt et connaissance des jeux mobiles; De la passion et de l’ambition pour les jeux vidéo sont essentielles! C#, Unity, JavaScript, SQL in general, BigQuery in particular; Secondary useful areas where your skills will make you a well rounded applicant: CI/CD systems like TeamCity or those components of GIT and GCP, Languages Python or R, Visualization tools Looker or PowerBI, and Google Cloud Platform services in general. Analyse requirements; Design and implement solutions that meet requirements in terms of functionality and performance; Write quality algorithms in C# with Unity; Determine root causes of issues; Find and implement solutions having in mind requirements such as support and long-term maintenance, extensibility and scalability, industry standards and best practices, design for testability, cross mobile platform usability (Android and iOS); Write and maintain comprehensive unit tests; Use TeamCity to deploy your work and use other CI/CD systems as appropriate; Write and maintain the technical documentation properly; Participate in the continuous improvement of processes within BI team; Participate in other BI related activities such as producing ELTs, dashboards, data warehouses, reports or models. Solid experience working with C# and Unity in an Agile environment; Experience developing mobile games or applications for Android and iOS; A need to solve problems and deliver innovative solutions; Record of accomplishment of delivering quality results; Confident organization skills, being meticulous, self-managing, and pragmatic; Willingness to proactively take ownership in an innovative and fast-paced environment; A drive for continuous improvement; Experience with and a strong belief in continuous integration and continuous deployment strategies; Experience with quality concepts such as unit testing, regression testing, and TDD; Experience working with various development tools (such as Perforce, GIT, Visual Studio, Eclipse), JIRA or another backlog management tool, Teamcity. Sense of responsibilities, solution-oriented, ability to work in a fast-paced environment while respecting deadlines; Good communicator, ability to clearly express ideas and expectations; Analytic mind; Team player. Passion for accuracy, efficiency, and quality; Interest and knowledge of mobile gaming; Ambition and passion for video games are essential! 
ScrapedJobID478:
Identify, develop, test, document and deploy tools and workflows (via SideFX Labs) that solve real production problems for our customers at games studios. Build demo projects demonstrating Houdini’s world-building capabilities. Learn existing tools and workflows in Houdini. Be a champion of our company and represent SideFX to the larger game community. Participate as needed in public channels where Houdini tools are discussed. Other duties as assigned. Adjustments will be made to enable duties & responsibilities to be met working remotely considering the current Covid-19 pandemic situation. Fluency in using Houdini for world-building. Preferably in a games/real-time context:
Demonstrated through a portfolio that contains elements essential to world-building. Demonstrated through a portfolio that contains elements essential to world-building. Knowledge of the 3D environment art pipeline. Must be able to create and present content in Houdini fluently. Ability to work and operate collaboratively in a small team. A demonstrated passion for procedural processes and tools, and a drive to share that passion with artists. Have production experience as an environment artist at a games studio. Experience creating learning materials or teaching production software. Knowledge of VEX and Python. Experience using Unity or Unreal Engine. Basic understanding of runtime performance requirements for created assets. 
ScrapedJobID479:

ScrapedJobID480:
2+ years of 3D game development experience of AAA or performant demanding titles Programming or Scripting skills capable of parsing large sums of data Unreal 4 Engine experience pertaining to performance or Technical Art Experience developing on gaming platforms such as PC, Xbox, and Playstation Familiarity with Jira, Perforce, and UE4 Profiling tools Ability to effectively communicate with stakeholders from all levels of the company Programming languages such as C++, Unreal 4 Blueprint, C# or SQL, Python or HTML/Javascript Experience shipping games simultaneously on PC and console Shipped FPS title(s) Experience with distributed teams Unlimited PTO and Sick Days Studio closure for one week in December Continuing Education and Personal Development Benefits Extended Health Benefits (Drug, Vision, Dental, Specialists) Cost-of-living raises Bonus Program 
ScrapedJobID481:
Work closely with the Cinematic Director, Animation Team, Cinematic Designers along with other departments to create our Cinematics and scripted events; Work in coordination with animation lead to help mentor and build collaboration within the team; Enhance and polish character performances (body and facial) from video and motion capture; Must have an excellent understanding of the animation principles (Posing, timing, balance and weight) to create realistic and believable key-frame animations; Construct previs from story scripts and storyboards, and can create scene layouts, staging, camera and editing; Communicate with the Cinematic and Animation Directors for reviews and feedback; Work closely with Cinematic Designers and the animation TD to ensure the quality of the integration of the animations; Detect inconsistencies or bugs and validate that the cinematic scene plays correctly; Carry out all other related tasks. College diploma in game-oriented 3D animation technique or equivalent training or experience; 3+ years of experience in video game animation or any other relevant experience. Excellent grasp for storytelling, acting and cinematography; Understanding of cinematic or feature animation production pipelines and workflows; Relevant 2D and 3D software experience - Motionbuilder, Maya, 3DSMax, Photoshop, Premiere, Final Cut; Good collaboration with members of the animation team and other team members on the project; Must be open to direction, criticism and able to accept change; Extensive animation experience with hand-keyed disciplines, experience with motion capture a plus; Attention to detail and expertise in solving technological problems. A hybrid, flexible work model Six weeks of vacation An enhanced parental leave program Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefits Package: 
ScrapedJobID482:
Collaborer avec les responsables de produit et les architectes pour créer des technologies de pointe. Développer des solutions logicielles en utilisant les bonnes pratiques en matière de développement (c.-à-d. normes de qualité du code, examen par les pairs, essais de rendement, analyse statique du code, essais unitaires et tests de fumée, dans les délais établis). Collaborer avec les services de soutien et de qualité pour maintenir les capacités existantes et améliorer les technologies. Appliquer les méthodes Agile grâce à des communications régulières, au partage de l'analyse des risques, à la proposition d'options et à la prise d'initiatives. Framework Cadre et services de visualisation basés sur le moteur de jeu Framework Cadre du pipeline de rendu Framework Cadre des composantes matériaux Framework et services de Visualisation 3D basés sur le Web Boite à outils d’interfaces et d’interactions utilisateur Infrastructures 2D et 3D Structure de géométrie procédurale et de la présentation de la scène API Rest / RestFul Diplôme universitaire en informatique ou en génie informatique, ou expérience de travail équivalente Excellentes aptitudes pour le langage C++ et expérience en conception orientée objet Bonne connaissance des API graphiques et des langages de shader (DirectX/HLSL, OpenGL/GLSL, Vulkan, etc.) Excellentes compétences en mathématiques 3D Expérience avec les moteurs de jeux (Unreal / Unity) Maîtrise des techniques de programmation multithread pour les systèmes temps réel Bonnes compétences en optimisation et débogage CPU et GPU Expérience avec les logiciels de génération Image (IG), un atout Bilinguisme - Excellentes compétences en communication orale et écrite Passion de comprendre des problèmes complexes et de trouver des solutions techniques novatrices Travail significatif qui favorise le perfectionnement professionnel Environnement qui encourage les employés à se prendre en charge et à exercer leur leadership Possibilité de travailler dans l’industrie technologique et de s’y épanouir Environnement de travail axé sur la collaboration Équipe de haut niveau Les bureaux de Presagis se trouvent à distance de marche d’une station de métro En plus d’être un endroit formidable où travailler, Presagis offre une gamme complète d’avantages sociaux :
Régime d’assurance collective souple
Régime de retraite à prestations déterminées
Régime d’achat d’actions du personnel
Régime enregistré d’épargne-retraite (REER) collectif
Programme de bien‑être physique
Programme d’aide aux employés
Prestations de maternité complémentaires
Horaire de travail variable
« Vendredis californiens » tout au long de l’année Régime d’assurance collective souple Régime de retraite à prestations déterminées Régime d’achat d’actions du personnel Régime enregistré d’épargne-retraite (REER) collectif Programme de bien‑être physique Programme d’aide aux employés Prestations de maternité complémentaires Horaire de travail variable « Vendredis californiens » tout au long de l’année Collaborate with product owners and architects to create cutting edge technologies Develop software solutions using good development practices (i.e. code quality standards, peer review, engineering testing, static code analysis, unit tests and smoke tests, within established deadlines) Collaborate with support and quality departments to maintain existing capabilities and improve the technologies Enforce Agile methods by communicating regularly, sharing risk analysis, proposing options, taking initiatives Game Engine Based Visualization Framework and Services Rendering Pipeline Framework Surface Materials Framework Web Based 3D Viewport Framework and Services User Interface Toolkit and Interaction Models 2D and 3D Asset Framework Procedural Geometry and Scene Layout Framework Rest/RestFul APIs Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering (or equivalent) experience Strong C++ language skills and OO design experience Good knowledge of graphics APIs and shader languages (DirectX/HLSL, OpenGL/GLSL, Vulkan, etc.) Excellent 3D math skills Experience on Game Engine Technology (Unreal / Unity) Demonstrated proficiency in multi-threaded programming techniques for real-time systems Good CPU and GPU optimization and debugging skills Experience on Image Generation (IG) software is an asset Bilingual – Excellent oral and written communication skills; Passion for understanding complex problems and driving innovative technical solutions Meaningful work that drives professional development Environment that encourages individuals to take ownership and exercise leadership Ability to enter and grow within the technology industry Working in a collaborative environment Being part of a high-performance team Presagis’ offices are walking distance to a metro station In addition to being a great place to work, Presagis offers a comprehensive benefits package including,
Flexible Group Insurance
Plan Defined Benefits Retirement Plan
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Group Registered Retirement Savings Plan (RRSP)
Physical Wellness Plan
Employee Assistance Plan
Supplementary Maternity Plan
Flextime
California Fridays all year Flexible Group Insurance Plan Defined Benefits Retirement Plan Employee Stock Purchase Plan Group Registered Retirement Savings Plan (RRSP) Physical Wellness Plan Employee Assistance Plan Supplementary Maternity Plan Flextime California Fridays all year 
ScrapedJobID483:
Work closely with colleagues across all disciplines on the project team Ensure that the Technical Lead is aware of the progress of assigned work Communicate issues that could disrupt agreed upon schedules with the Technical Lead Implement code and script to the required coding standards Ensure that components are designed and reviewed prior to implementation Achieve in-game performance targets as required by Production Create and maintain positive working relationships with all team members Bachelor of Science in Computer Science or equivalent experience Practical experience programming in C++ or C# Practical experience with game engines (Unity, Unreal) Fundamental math skills (matrices, vectors, algebra, etc.) Ability to work effectively in a collaborative team environment Ability to work with a high degree of self-direction when necessary Excellent organizational, communication, and interpersonal skills Self-motivated, creative, outside-the-box thinker Passionate video game enthusiast Experience working on video games Interest in specific game programming disciplines (i.e., artificial intelligence, rendering, user interface, audio) Experience with 3D graphics programming (Shaders, DirectX, OpenGL, Vulkan) Advanced knowledge in math and physics 
ScrapedJobID484:
Développer un code propre et maintenable, adapté à une intégration continue et à un déploiement continu, qui respecte les meilleures pratiques et les directives en matière de logiciels Fournir une expertise et un leadership en matière de développement web Concevoir, architecturer et développer des outils et des services pour le développement et le fonctionnement des jeux Collaborer avec d'autres développeurs pour assurer le déploiement, le fonctionnement continu et le soutien de des logiciels de qualité Fournir activement du feedback en matière de révision de code aux autres développeurs Effectuer, sous une supervision minimale, des mandats d'une complexité significative Develop clean, maintainable code that is suitable for continuous integration and continuous deployment which respects best practices and software guidelines Provide expertise and leadership in front-end web development Design, architect and develop tools and services for the development and operation of game Collaborate with other developers to ensure smooth deployment, continual operation and support of quality software Actively provide code review feedback to other developers Perform under minimal supervision on significantly complex assignments Plus de 5 ans d'expérience dans la création d'outils et de services web utilisant les technologies web modernes Plus de 5 ans d'expérience avec JavaScript 5+ ans d'expérience dans l'une des langues suivantes : Java, C# ou Python Forte expérience avec un ou plusieurs frameworks JS modernes (Angular, React, Vue, etc.) Forte expérience dans la conception de logiciels utilisant des modèles de conception et de la programmation orientée objet (OOP) Expérience de développement dans un environnement cloud (idéalement AWS) Bases de données relationnelles solides, expérience pratique avec les bases de données non relationnelles/NoSQL, et une solide connaissance de celles-ci à utiliser en fonction de la situation Expérience en matière de tests automatisés Expérience de travail avec l'environnement Unix/Linux Expérience de l'intégration d'API tierces parties 5+ years of experience building web-based tools and services using modern web technology 5+ years of experience with JavaScript 5+ years of experience with one of the following languages: Java, C# or Python Strong experience with 1 or more modern JS frameworks (Angular, React, Vue etc.) Strong experience in designing software using design patterns and OOP Experience developing in a cloud environment (ideally AWS) Strong relational database fundamentals, hands-on experience with non-relational/NoSQL alternatives, and solid grasp of which to use according to the situation Experience with automated testing Experience working with Unix/Linux environment Experience with third party API integration Expérience de travail dans l'industrie des jeux vidéo, intégrant des services en ligne Expérience de travail dans une infrastructure basée sur les micro-services Expérience de travail avec des engins de jeu tels que Unity3D, Unreal, etc. Experience working in video game industry, integrating online services Experience working in a microservice-based infrastructure Experience working with game engines such as Unity3D, Unreal etc 
ScrapedJobID485:
Provide technical design and architecture for CI/CD technology and workflows specifically for Real-time 2D/3D applications Mentor other team members and guide them in implementing standard methodology solutions Coordinate with TPM's to provide clear communication regarding tasking and work you're doing Work closely with product managers to ensure our products are technically feasible and provide an outstanding experience Technology areas of focus are pipeline automation/orchestration, VM/container management, test management and artifact management Proven programming skills in your favorite language, even if it isn't our own Significant technical experience through all phases of development Experience mentoring engineers to improve their skills and make them more effective Experience with CI/CD Play a key role in crafting technical solutions that focus on system performance and reliability at scale Confirmed game experience Experience working with cloud platforms (GCP, AWS, or Azure) Experience with Node.js, Golang, Postgres, C#, GCP, Kubernetes is helpful 
ScrapedJobID486:
A graphics geek: Constantly on the lookout for new features and techniques defining the bleeding edge of real time rendering An engineer: Not only do you know all the advances in realtime rendering and love talking about them, you also know the importance of being able to implement them efficiently A problem solver: You know a problem when you see one, and you also know that if you put on your blindfold, the problem will come back later and bite you and your fellow developers in the rear right before the next milestone’s deadline. So you get in there, look past the obvious solutions, dig deeper and get it out of the way A team player: you are a brilliant team player, working well with others towards a common goal. Achieving results is what matters most to you Keen on writing simple, data-oriented code that is easy to read, easy to debug, easy to maintain and easy to optimize Become an integral part of our core tech team Help define the looks of our next games Make sure that all the shiny features and techniques work equally well on all supported platforms Dig deep into the codebase of our tech to improve existing systems Design and implement new rendering features and systems from scratch for multiple, unannounced projects for PC and consoles C++, HLSL/GLSL, Vulkan, Git, SVN, Strong 3D Math At least 2 years of professional programming experience in a graphics/rendering related role Helped shipping at least one title successfully 
ScrapedJobID487:
Guide teams and manage projects tasks Communicate company goals and principles in line with NLG’s environment/culture Identify existing problems Anticipate and mitigate future problems Coordinate and schedule the development team Ensure high quality and punctual delivery of milestones and final product Manage Publisher relationship Manage resources and budgets Understand and facilitate cross discipline communication issues in line with project needs Champion the professional development of the people you manage Coach to NLG’s principles and support short-term and long-term growth Performance and Probationary management 3+ years of management experience – ideally at least one video game project in the role Producer Post-secondary degree / diploma or equivalent experience Demonstrates high-level leadership skills. Demonstrates exceptional verbal and written communication skills Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Highly organized and self-motivated Ability to perform under pressure to meet deadlines Work well within a team environment Good knowledge of video game development models. 
ScrapedJobID488:
Join a team to develop the world's most immersive training simulator for the petroleum industry. Guide junior team members and take over if necessary. Planning, design and document the code you write. Bachelor degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent professional experience Proficiency with C++ or C# as a software developer or game developer Proficiency with at least one system of a game engine (Eg; Physics, AI, Animation, Networks, etc...) At least 2 years of programming experience with simulators or computer game engines. At least 1 shipped title. Knowledge of petroleum engineering Unity3D experience in C# Knowledge of advanced mathematics or physics Knowledge of computational modelling techniques Agile or SCRUM project management Programming: 2 years Software Developer Software Engineer Software Programmer Game Developer Gameplay Programmer Game Development C# Programmer C# Developer Unity 3D Unity3D Unity Software Engineering 
ScrapedJobID489:
Experience developing and managing online solutions, including:
DevOps and SRE practicesmicroservice architectureRESTful APIscloud technologies (ex. AWS, GCP, etc.)containerization and orchestration technologies (ex. Docker, ECS, Kubernetes, etc.)CI/CD pipelines (ex. GitLab) DevOps and SRE practices microservice architecture RESTful APIs cloud technologies (ex. AWS, GCP, etc.) containerization and orchestration technologies (ex. Docker, ECS, Kubernetes, etc.) CI/CD pipelines (ex. GitLab) In-depth knowledge of at least one of these programming languages: C#, TypeScript, NodeJS, Python, Go Experience managing teams (ideally using Agile methodology) An innovative spirit: you're regularly on the lookout for ways to improve in a constantly evolving environment Solid interpersonal and communication skills A desire to continually learn new cloud technologies (the technologies that power the massive Harbour platform are always in motion, the team, too) Your CV, highlighting your background and skills 
ScrapedJobID490:
Backend: .NET C#, WebAPI, SQL Server, Solr, NServiceBus, SignalR, ASP.NET Frontend: React, Typescript, SCSS / LESS, Enzyme + Jest/Mocha, ASP.NET, VB6 Solid understanding of software design principles Strong analytical and problem solving skills Follow best development practices (e.g. Agile, clean code, unit tests, continuous integration) and apply your experience to new and evolving environments Build and maintain robust and scalable code to support innovative features Work constructively in a group as well as individually Collaborate and communicate effectively with Product Owners, Developers, Scrum Master, and QA Motivated to learn and keep up with new technologies and apply them appropriately Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science 3+ years’ experience working as a Software Developer or in a similar capacity Extensive experience with complex systems spanning both frontend and backend Excellent knowledge of C# and .NET web development In-depth understanding of SQL (MS SQL Server 2012) and SQL optimization In-depth experience in JavaScript and at least one framework (e.g. React, Angular) Experience consuming and creating HTTP based web APIs Experience with unit testing and test methodologies Experience with profiling and code performance tuning is a plus Experience in event driven systems is a plus Experience in FinTech industry is a plus Some experience with VB6 is nice to have Forbes Global Growth Champion – FLEETCOR is one of the 250 fastest growing companies in the world as determined by Forbes and Statista Forbes World’s Most Innovative Companies – FLEETCOR has made this prestigious list of leading innovative companies 4 years in a row! Fortune 1000 Company – FLEETCOR was one of the largest movers in the new rankings of the largest companies in America, ranking #872 S&P 500 – In 2018, FLEETCOR joined the S&P stock index comprised of the 500 leading US stocks based on market cap (company value) More Customers. We invest more than $200 million per year in sales and marketing, predominately focused on new customer acquisition. We continue to scale existing sales channels and headcount, enable our sales people with demand generation and other tools, and launch new distribution channels both internally and through partners such as ERP software providers, telematics companies, and banks. We will also grow our customer base inorganically through acquisitions. More Spend. We seek to leverage our existing customer relationships and capture greater share of their business payment expenditures. As such, we have developed various “beyond” initiatives, where we extend the utility of an existing payment product without degrading the core value proposition of the original product. As such, a customer can “buy more stuff” without sacrificing the controls and reporting which attracted the customer to our product to begin with. For example: Our Fuel card customers can enable their cards to allow non-fuel purchases relevant to their business, like allowing a painting crew to buy supplies at a home improvement store, so they can finish the paint job. Our Toll tag customers can use their in-vehicle RFID tags to make other “on the go” purchases like parking, fuel and fast-food. More Geographies. We continue to seek attractive entry opportunities in major international markets, which we intend to pursue through acquisitions and partnerships. Welcoming people of different backgrounds, cultures, ethnicities, genders, and sexual orientations; Empowering our people to share their experiences and ideas through open forums and individual conversations; and Valuing each person’s unique perspectives and individual contributions. Innovation: Figure out a better way Execution: Get it done quickly Integrity: Do the right thing People: We make the difference Collaboration: Accomplish more together 
ScrapedJobID491:
Création, documentation et l’entretien d'outils pour la communauté de conception de niveau Élaboration des pipelines et des normes avec le responsable technique de la conception des niveaux et la communauté Comprendre les règles de sécurité et d’opérations efficaces des différents équipements simulés Création d'un environnement simulé réaliste pour la formation de l’utilisation de différents équipements en collaboration avec les artistes 3D Définition et implémentation de scénarios de formation en collaboration avec les ingénieurs mécaniques Contribution à l'atteinte de performances en temps réel dans un simulateur distribué avec l'aide des spécialistes d’intégration et contrôle qualité Fournir des commentaires significatifs aux équipes logicielles afin d'améliorer et de déboguer la plate-forme Creation, documentation and maintenance of tools for the community of Level Designers Elaboration of the Pipelines and Standards with the Technical Lead of Level Design and the community Participation in design spikes with software developers Understanding the safe and efficient operation of different equipment Creation of a realistic simulated environment for training the operation of different equipment in coordination with 3D Artists Definition and implementation of scenarios to train safe and efficient operation of different equipment designed by Mechanical Engineers Contribution to the achievement of real-time performance in a distributed simulator with the assistance of the Integration and Quality Control specialists Providing meaningful feedback to the software teams in order to improve and debug the platform 3 à 5 ans d'expérience en conception de niveaux Expérience en scriptage requise (Python, C#, Blueprints) Expérience avec les moteurs de jeu (Unity et/ou Unreal) Expérience démontrable dans la création et la mise en œuvre de systèmes de jeu Excellentes compétences en communication verbale et écrite (français et anglais) Capacité à bien travailler dans un environnement d'équipe Excellent sens des responsabilités et de l’engagement Capacité de s’adapter au changement et apprendre rapidement Expérience avec le développement Scrum / AGILE, Familiarité avec logiciels de suivi de bugs (e.g. JIRA). Familiarité avec logiciels de modélisation 3D (SketchUp, Maya, 3dSMax). 3-5 years of level design experience Scripting experience required (Python, C#, Blueprints) Experience with Game Engines (Unity and/or Unreal) Demonstrable experience with creation and implementation of game systems Excellent verbal and written communication skills (French and English) Ability to work well in a team environment Excellent sense of responsibility and commitment Ability to adapt to changes and learn quickly Experience with Scrum / AGILE development, Familiarity with bug tracking software (e.g. JIRA). Familiarity with modeling tools (SketchUp, Maya, 3dSMax). La chance d'avoir un impact sur le monde réel en travaillant sur des projets innovants et stimulants et en créant une technologie de pointe; Horaire de travail flexible; Conciliation travail- vie personnelle Semaine payée (semaine de vacances supplémentaire) entre Noël et le Nouvel An Rabais d'entreprise (transport, gymnase, pistes de ski, événements spéciaux) Seuls les candidats sélectionnés seront contactés. The chance to have an impact on the real world by working on innovative and challenging projects and creating cutting edge technology; Flexible work schedule Work-life balance Paid week off (additional vacation week) between Christmas and New Years; Company discounts (Transport, Gym, Ski hills, special events) 
ScrapedJobID492:

ScrapedJobID493:
Lead a programming team to develop new technologies and game systems; Inspire the people around you to be their very best; Build and mentor a world-class programming team; Strike a balance between coding, supporting team members, and management tasks; Determine the tech needs for the team, working with the Technical Leads; Work with production staff, designers and artists to create task and schedule estimates for the programming team; Help establish clear coding best practices and lead regular code reviews; Ensure the creation of strong technical documentation; Continually review the development process and identify areas that need improvement. 5+ years of experience as a software developer; 1+ years of experience as a Senior or Lead Programmer; Extensive knowledge of programming and debugging in C/C++, C# or another language; Proactive nature, the ability to self-motivate, and a strong work ethic; Ability to collaborate and work well with other teams; Excellent written and verbal communication skills; Interest in most aspects of game technology development (audio, 3D, animation, gameplay, UI, network and tools); Experience in the video game industry is a strong asset; Experience using one or more commercial game engines is an asset. Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID494:
Design and deliver services that get our players into great games, and to enhance our visibility into those games to further optimizer the player experience Participate in the investigation and resolution of problems at scale for our mission-critical services. Contribute to root cause analysis efforts. Help the team implement fixes and apply what we’ve learned to prevent recurring issues Demonstrate a customer-focused mindset, keeping the success of our game studio partners and an excellent player experience front and center at all times Forge long-term working relationships with senior-level developers, technical directors, and producers across Activision’s game studios Strengthen the culture of service ownership at Demonware. 3+ years relevant work experience Experience in writing code, preferably in Python Experience developing reliable and scalable online services Experience with the operation and support of the services you develop Experience working with customers to gather requirements and define solutions Interest in working as a partner with game studios, designing online and multiplayer experiences Experience implementing robust service orchestration Experience working with high-volume, consumer-facing applications Experience with load testing and performance optimization best practices Experience working with VMs, Linux containers, Docker, and Kubernetes Experience working in matchmaking, heuristic based optimization problems, and/or experiment/data driven system enhancement Flexibility and adaptability to changing situations and requirements Experience with Machine Learning 
ScrapedJobID495:
Support and troubleshoot technical problems within the BI environment Support production processes within BI teams Support outages, delays & major deployments within the BI environment Evaluate the performance of existing processes and optimize whenever required Create new processes to improve the performance of the BI environment Share technical expertise with team and provide recommendations for best practices Enforce standards and discipline in the documentation and structured development Explore large, new sources of data; communicate and present insight opportunities to business teams across the organization to influence decision making University Degree in Software/Computer Engineering, Computer Science 3+ years of Telecom industry experience working with complex ETLs and relational databases 3+ years of hands-on experience with
Technologies such as Teradata and SAS products (with emphasis on Enterprise Guide and Data Integration Studio)
Scripting on Unix/Linux and Windows OS platforms
Developing and optimizing SQL on Teradata
OLAP or data visualization technologies such as Tableau or Microstrategy Technologies such as Teradata and SAS products (with emphasis on Enterprise Guide and Data Integration Studio) Scripting on Unix/Linux and Windows OS platforms Developing and optimizing SQL on Teradata OLAP or data visualization technologies such as Tableau or Microstrategy Ability to create, evaluate and implement ETL support controls such as self-healing processes, triggers, control tables, alerts, etc. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills (verbal and written), and detail-oriented Able to prioritize, multitask, and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment Collaborative spirit to share learnings and knowledge with peers Experience with IBM LSF Experience with Big Data and unstructured data technologies including HDFS, Spark, Map Reduce, Hive, Impala, Cloudera, NoSQL, Oozie, Sqoop Experience with ML/AI technologies LI-SP1 
ScrapedJobID496:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience with software development in one or more programming languages (e.g., Python, C, C++, Java, JavaScript). 3 years of experience in a technical leadership role; overseeing strategic projects, with 2 years of experience in a people management, supervision/team leadership role. Master's degree or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field. 3 years of experience in multiplayer game development, virtual reality, high performance programming, and/or game debugging. 3 years of experience working in a complex, matrixed organization. Experience with AAA game development. Experience with API development and/or design. Experience with operating system internals. Design, guide, and vet systems designs within the scope of the broader area, and write product or system development code to solve ambiguous problems. Review code developed by other engineers and provide feedback to ensure best practices (e.g., style guidelines, checking code in, accuracy, testability, and efficiency). Mentor and train other team members on design techniques and coding standards. Work with cross-functional teams to turn partner feedback into product road-maps and plans to collectively improve Stadia's tech and the experience of Stadia developers. 
ScrapedJobID497:

ScrapedJobID498:
Thoroughly monitor and discuss all live NBA and WNBA content (as well as historical archives) with the goal of identifying candidate plays that would resonate with Top Shot collectors. Work directly with the NBA and WNBA to specifically source, acquire and optimize video assets to appear on the platform. Ingest and categorize numerous raw components required for the compilation of Top Shot Moments, including play data, player details, media files, etc. Organize and systematically maintain our inventory of candidate plays spanning various leagues and seasons, for use in the curation of both pending and future sets. Assist with the rendering process, specifically tracking the status of potential Moments that have been submitted for approval and keeping appropriate stakeholders apprised of progress. You live and breathe basketball with an expert-level knowledge of the sport, past and present. You’re comfortable and familiar with the names and faces of all current NBA and WNBA rosters, with a solid grasp of past personnel and the pertinent historical context of each league. You not only appreciate the game on a personal level but understand modern day fandom, new media and the role that a product like NBA Top Shot can play in shaping basketball culture. You are comfortable being the point person to oversee and manage large sources of information. You not only thrive at but enjoy organizing data and building systems to simplify processes, whether those are backend databases or simply just elaborate spreadsheets. You have confidence and experience learning to use technical tools with at least a basic understanding of programming. You are capable of multi-tasking and context switching, comfortable working under pressure and with tight deadlines. You will always be supported by a team but do not hesitate with the idea of eventually being the go-to person for certain aspects of our content inventory. 
ScrapedJobID499:
4+ years experience as a back-end PHP programmer A bilingual candidate Strong knowledge of PHP 5, JavaScript, jQuery Strong knowledge of Magento (or Magento 2 if you are a true ninja) Strong knowledge of MVC systems (Laravel is a plus) Strong knowledge of MySQL relational databases An experienced Git user Experience with Wordpress and other CMS Strong knowledge of System Administration (Apache, server security procedures, Linux and *Nix CLI, DNS, Domains, Records, as well as Knowledge of email headers SPF / MX records) 
ScrapedJobID500:
Reporting to the Senior Manager, OPT, the successful candidate will be responsible for web application development for Bell's various contact centres. Major functions will include: Publishing reports at the agent and call center level Web application development and implementation Identification of system deficiencies and recommending solutions Provide time estimates for projects Prioritize multiple tasks effectively Performance testing, software implementation, systems documentation Support of the programs developed for internal customers Ensuring quality control while respecting predetermined business rules and deadlines Enhancing and supporting existing tools and database infrastructures Assisting various business units through alignment and implementation to achieve targeted goals University degree in computer science or engineering Programming experience Mastery of ASP.NET, JavaScript, JQuery, XML, AJAX, JSON, HTML5 -XHTML, CSS3, ASP, DOJO, C#, T-SQL Experience using Visual Studio TFS Good knowledge of Windows environment Good knowledge of MS SQL 2005+ Experience in relational database analysis Strong knowledge of BI/Query, MS Project, and ACDs – Symposium, Avaya, IEX or equivalent) Strong Mathematical and analytical skills Autonomous, very dynamic, capable of decision-making. High capacity to learn, work under pressure to meet tight deadlines Previous telecommunications experience Previous contact centre experience Expert experience with the design, development and maintenance of enterprise level data systems such as Oracle, SQL Server, Teradata, SAS or others. Expert level web design experience with Asp.Net 4.0, Experience in designing and implementing Web Based reporting solutions Exceptional communication skills in spoken and written French and English Bilingualism is an asset (English and French); adequate knowledge of French is required for positions in Quebec. 
ScrapedJobID501:
Provide technical advice and support for artists Collaborate with R&D developers and senior production supervisors to develop specific new Real Time Engine C++, Blueprints or Python tools and workflows Contribute to the development and constant improvement of the DNEG pipeline Ensure requests for new tools are connected with company strategy Excellent C++, Python, and technical Windows and Linux skills Familiarity with Unreal Engine, Blueprint and working in distributed Unreal based systems. Familiarity with content production workflows for integration in Unreal projects A degree in Computer Science, Computer Graphics or other related field or equivalent experience Familiarity with source control systems and team development Experience in developing tools for DCC packages such as Houdini, Maya, Blender, etc. Previous experience in Games, Themed Entertainment or Visual Effects or a related industry Solid understanding of the Visual Effects pipeline 
ScrapedJobID502:
Previous working experience as a game developer Previous experience working with the Unity development platform In-depth knowledge of both web and mobile systems architecture, design and development Hands on experience with complex project management Outstanding communication, interpersonal and leadership skills Excellent organizational and time-management skills Effective negotiation and vendor management skills Proactive problem solver Attention to details Understanding of Ethereum and Polygon blockchain development is ideal Strong working knowledge and experience in PHP Strong JavaScript experience including NodeJS, ReactJS, React Native, AJAX, jQuery and JS-based frameworks. Strong experience in RDBMS (MySQL) and NoSQL (MongoDB) Experience with AWS cloud system Third-party API integration experience The ability to concurrently manage multiple web development tasks Strong written/verbal communication skills Excellent time management skills The ability to be immediately adaptable to changing priorities. The ability to multitask effectively 
ScrapedJobID503:
Game development (3+years XP) iOS / Android Empirical knowledge of Mobile technologies Objective-C and Java Web standards Video or 3D knowledge (OpenGL ES) A team player Able to work independently Organized Creative 
ScrapedJobID504:
Develop and maintain audio technologies for our game engine Design and build simple and powerful tools to enable the work of our sound designers Help the audio team achieve their performance and memory goals Work with the programming team to build an efficient software architecture Ensure system compatibility and performance across all targeted platforms Evaluate and integrate technologies and best practices that reinforce our mission to deliver quality products 5 years of experience in game development as a programmer Strong C ++ coding, debugging and optimization skills Good communication and teamwork skills Ability to take initiatives Experience with Unreal Engine and Wwise is a major asset A passion for games Develops and maintains audio technologies for our engine Designs and builds simple and powerful tools to enable the best work from our sound designers Helps the audio team reaching performance and memory targets Works with the programming team to build an efficient software architecture Ensures compatibility and performance of systems on all target platforms Evaluates and integrates technologies and good practices that reinforce our mission to deliver quality products 5 years of game development experience as a programmer Solid C ++ coding, debugging and optimization skills Good communication and teamwork skills Ability to take initiative Experience with Unreal Engine and Wwise is a strong asset A passion for games 
ScrapedJobID505:
Assist in the installation, implementation, and upgrades of internal systems and software Maintain IT end-user equipment, hardware, software, and supplies. Administer Windows and Linux servers and company services Monitor and maintain on-prem and cloud infrastructures Help build, image and deploy new workstations, servers, and CI workers Evaluate and uphold security across all systems Help with office equipment setup and maintenance Create new projects and solutions to help improve company productivity Solve problems collaboratively with the other IT administrators Participate in technical reviews and help develop best practices Assist and resolve end-user questions, requests, and issues Educate new users on office tools, technology, and services Maintain documentation of procedures, operations, and system configurations Communicate maintenance and incidents clearly with the company Communicate and coordinate with external partners Degree in system administration or equivalent experience in Computer Information Systems, Computer Science or a related field 5+ years of experience in an infrastructure technical support role or in IT operations Intermediate knowledge of Linux CLI Intermediate knowledge of Windows Servers Platform Intermediate knowledge of Networking configurations (Firewall, DNS, VPN, etc.) General knowledge of some scripting languages such as PowerShell, Bash, JavaScript Self-motivated to take initiative and find creative solutions to problems Highly effective organizational and time management skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to work well in a team and independently Ability to triage problems and prioritize work Must be eligible to work in Canada and be available work on site in beautiful Vancouver Experience with C, C++, Python Experience with virtualization and cloud platforms (ex. VMware, Azure, or AWS) Experience with container technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes Perforce management experience Experience deploying and configuring Jira & Confluence Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases Experience with authentication systems such as SAML and OAuth 
ScrapedJobID506:
Learn and understand the LMS platform and associated database structure to be able to aid in using the LMS. Engage clients when necessary to complete investigations of client specific data within the LMS database to help isolate technical causes for difficulties, which a portal administrator is experiencing. Investigation of automated logs (audit and general logging) within, and created by the LMS to determine technical details that a specific workflow a client is going through to help isolate the cause of difficulties a portal administrator is experiencing Work with product developers to troubleshoot and identify client issues / bugs with an eye towards overall impact. Direct troubleshooting of issues deemed too complex for standard support processes. Train, support, and act as a resource for the Client Success team on expected LMS functionality. Escalate verified technical concerns and bugs to Product Development team. Act as the advocate and voice of the client by bringing forth issues and frustrations. Excellent communication skills including both written and verbal. Able to logically analyze and troubleshoot issues. Basic understanding of core web and programming components. Self driven with proven time management capabilities. Experience in a customer facing position. Previous LMS / E-Learning experience. Technical documentation experience. Experience writing SQL queries and understanding of database architectures. Technical troubleshooting experience using a range of techniques like logs, SQL, testing, etc. 1-3 years experience in a technical, troubleshooting role. AbsorbLMS, Zendesk, Jira, Microsoft SQL SMS 2019, Sumologic/New Relic logging tools Work life balance Paid vacation RRSP matching Casual dress code Volunteering opportunities Multicultural work environment Career progression / internal mobility opportunities Games room Professional development plans Weekly snacks / fruits / beverages Employer paid benefits: health, dental and vision Company / team building events Paid lunch break In the event a current Absorb employee would like to apply for this role they will inform their supervisor prior to submitting their application. This position will be subject to pre-employment background screening, including a criminal record check and credit check. The successful candidate must be able to show proof of legal eligibility to work in Canada without sponsorship. Incomplete online applications will not be considered. 
ScrapedJobID507:
Work with and take direction from Pipeline Managers, CTO, and Senior Technical Directors as well as artists to create, support & maintain tools to be integrated into Zoic’s existing pipeline. Work with artists to troubleshoot and fix problems Update and maintain tools, techniques and work flows as required 2+ years of Unreal Engine (UE4) experience Extensive experience program Experience programming in C++ Experience programming in Python Experience developing virtual production projects, games, applications, or VR/AR experiences using Unreal Engine Self-motivated, proactive and able to utilize time allotted efficiently Excellent verbal and written communication skills Highly experienced in working as part of a development team Comfortable working remote and/or off-site as needed. Comfortable working on set. Experienced in working with stakeholders, including clients, artists, and technical staff, to assess needs, understand problems, and create a plan to move towards a solution. Proven problem solving skills Ability to work well under pressure with short deadlines Ability to work with various departments to resolve issues Candidates located in British Columbia preferred. This is a remote (work from home) position. Zoic does not cover relocation costs This job description contains the basic requirements for the position and is NOT intended to be a complete list of responsibilities; other duties may be assigned Due to the volume of applications we receive across our different openings we regret that only those selected to interview will be contacted 
ScrapedJobID508:
College graduate with a degree focused on (or equivalent in) computer science or related field. 2+ years of software development experience, preferably for web applications Created and ran QA manual test Created and ran QA automation test Good knowledge and basic experience with test methodologies, QA process, Software Development Life Cycle, Release Planning, and defect tracking Clear, analytical, deductive thinking and approach to problem solving Demonstrable experience with SQL Some experience setting up and building test environments, executing tests, recording results. Some experience with generating, updating and running automated test scripts Experience with Jira, Rollbar, Papertrail, Slack are a plus Uncanny ability to stress edge cases and "break stuff" Participate and influence the quality of our products. Learn to develop, modify and evaluate software test plans and test cases Execute functional, smoke, regression, integration, stress, and load Set up test environments, execute tests, records results and defects. Collaborate with Software Development teams to identify and resolve product defects. Create new tests to target new features and products. Debug and investigate defects to determine root cause. Interact with databases, system and application logs as part of testing/debugging Understand application use cases and feature requirements. Able to create test cases and "break stuff" Think like a developer and end-user to produce a bug-free product Rails 6
rspec
sidekiq rspec sidekiq Vue.js / React Native AWS
SQS
EB
Kinesis
Athena
Redshift
DynmoDB
Lambda
RDS SQS EB Kinesis Athena Redshift DynmoDB Lambda RDS MySQL 8 / Aurora PostgreSQL 11 Your specialization is less important than your ability to learn fast, communicate and adapt to shifting priorities. Communicate well and articulate ideas clearly. Focus on project goals, not just writing code. Contribute ideas. Take initiative. Have a hacker mindset and master the fine art of balancing time, features, and quality of code. You know when to unit test and when to “just ship it”. Competitive salary Unlimited PTO 401k match Great health benefits (medical, dental, vision, STD, LTD, Life Insurance) Casual and comfortable working environment Stocked coffee, snacks and candy “bar” Pizza parties and team lunches Laser Tag in the office Spontaneous games of tabletop cornhole or NERF wars Company sponsored Fantasy Football league and March Madness bracket challenge 
ScrapedJobID509:
Creating rigs for 3D characters Creating custom tools with our programming and animation team Blocking and animating in-game cutscenes Developing systems and tool-sets for artists and developers Significant experience with character animation and rigging Good knowledge of additional art toolsets (3D studio, Maya, etc..) Highly organized and detail-oriented Appetite to learn, grow, and take on increasingly more responsibility Experience with Unity Moderate experience with C# is an asset A portfolio of self-made games Work from anywhere - remote and in-office options Join a world class team eager to learn something new everyday You’ll be equipped with high-end equipment Competitive compensation and benefits Stock Options, Group RRSP and employer matching Generous allowances and perks Uken social nights including mixers, game night, and more - we take entertainment seriously! Convenient location in the heart of downtown Toronto at Front & John St. 
ScrapedJobID510:
You will help scale our products and existing systems to support millions of users You will participate in architectural and design review discussions You will collaborate with other engineers and the Product team to define clear deliverables and establish project milestones You will take ownership of features from end to end by going through design, implementation, testing and maintenance phases You will identify opportunities to improve existing code or architecture 5+ years of experience building large-scale JavaScript applications Care about quality, both in your product design and codebase Solid understanding of the full web stack (e.g. HTTP, headers, caching, etc.). Familiarity with ES6 JavaScript and libraries including Reac and/or Vue Familiarity with CSS preprocessors like SASS, LESS You believe in automated tests and taking ownership over the quality of your code. We use Cypress and Jest for our automation testing, if you have experience in these areas it would be a plus Nice to have tailwind experience Be a change agent. Help move our design, development, and delivery processes into the next generation Advise on front-end strategy, framework selection, emerging technology Develop front-end code based on wireframes, visual designs, and UX specifications Lead a team of front-end developers in the successful execution You are used to working collaboratively, participating in code review and being a great teammate Flexibility to WFH For the third year in a row, we are proud to announce that we have been certified as a Great Place to Work We were also certified as one of the Best Workplaces for Mental Wellness in 2020 We are an open work environment that fosters collaboration, ownership, creativity, and urgency We ensure flexible hours outside of our core working hours Enrolment in the Group Health Benefits plan right from day 1, no waiting period Team building events Fuel for the day: Weekly delivery of groceries, and all types of snacks Catered lunches and desserts on a monthly basis Daily fun in the office with our competitive games of Ping Pong, Pool, Smash Bros competitions, or FIFA And of course, an unlimited amount of freshly made coffee and tea! We’re pretty serious about our coffee beans Online learning through the platform, UDEMY 
ScrapedJobID511:
Architect and develop maintainable interfaces and applications that are used by millions of end-users. Modernize frontend systems to enable rapid UI development and iteration. Push technology forward, challenge established thinking and discover new ways of solving problems. Support client implementations by implementing UI’s and system integrations. Assist with scoping and estimating work for business development teams. JavaScript and TypeScript Modern JavaScript frameworks—such as Angular, React, Vue.js, jQuery HTTP/RESTful APIs JavaScript unit tests (Jest, Mocha, Jasmine, Karma) HTML5/CSS Chrome/Firefox developer tools to debug issues and solutions Source control (Git) Node.js and npm Popular UI libraries such as Bootstrap to build semantic and responsive web pages Web accessibility Docker containers Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday What are your salary expectations? Yes 
ScrapedJobID512:
Focus on game dev, first and foremost. Always know the next three tasks you want to tackle Think like a programmer, a designer, and artist and a player all in one. Close off more tasks each week and assure the quality of your own work Create MVPs for the wider team to expand upon, working smart and fast to find the fun in the game Sync with the team and research their wants and dreams, use that as inspiration for your API design Dabble in all of the creative disciplines and continue to advance your game dev career Support and teach members of the team; from using source control, to engine workflows, to lifehacks! We'll all be chipping in to help each other hone our skills Work from home at the start. We're planning to have an office for hybrid options and easier socializing next summer Flexible schedule $1,000 yearly employee lifestyle fund - use this to stay healthy, social, comfortable or productive Equal opportunity and equal pay employer Team building and social events in Montreal, Zero tolerance policy on harassment, bullying and discrimination No talented jerks (optional) Competitive base salaries for all jobs Low admin and manager overhead - No boring reoccurring meetings An uncapped profitability bonus scheme that shares studio profits with everyone We offer everyone dedicated high end hardware to maximize productivity Commitment to a Crunch-free environment Competitive Group Insurance Plan (Healthcare, Vision, Dental, Life Insurance) Retirement fund - We match 40% of all employee RRSP contributions! Studio shuts down one week for Winter Holidays Unlimited paid vacation for all employees - this means 4 weeks minimum Unlimited sick days / Family days / Flexi days All benefits start day one, for all employees Unreal Engine GitHub Google Workspace 
ScrapedJobID513:
As a key team member, you will help to scope, plan, and execute application development with a focus on mobile solutions and hardware/software integration. Collaborate with stakeholders and team members to iterate on solutions and to continually deliver value to our clients. Improve the application delivery process using automation and writing testable software. Contribute to solutions for new and interesting problems, which often involve spatiotemporal components. Participate in the product testing and peer review process. Develop yourself personally and professionally by actively setting and achieving ambitious goals. Impact Lim Geomatics' growth by developing great applications and solutions. Comfortable with Agile development practices, working in small teams running modern dev ops. You have 4 or more years of .NET development experience. Cross-platform mobile development, WPF, Xamarin, and hardware/software integration experience would be an asset. Experience with development environments on both Windows and MacOS. Experience with ESRI technology and mapping solutions would be an asset. Experience with SQL and database technologies. Experience using peripheral sensors (GPS, Camera, Bluetooth, Motion) and their data would be an asset. Able to manage a workload that may touch on a few different applications any given week. You can independently research and implement solutions to complex problems. 
ScrapedJobID514:
Creating compelling, modern (normally vertical) content to bring hoops-fan experience to live through NBA Top Shot. Night-time/weekend publisher of content for NBA Top Shot channels including Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, and more. Work with our social media, marketing team, and creative team to publish original content series including topics like Marketplace dynamics, major pulls, and basketball milestones that will delight and inform collectors. Live tweet games, push original content around Showcase challenges, pack drops, blog posts, etc Bring new collectors into NBA Top Shot every day. Find the most avid basketball fan collectors on the planet, wherever they live online. Obsessively follow the NBA and WNBA and capitalize on viral trends in the basketball world. Can live and breathe social media. Is obsessed with current trends in basketball fandom. Is an expert with hands-on social media marketing experience. Is a basketball fan who can live and breathe the sport. Is a world class communicator who can inspire fans around the world. Understands the rigors and needs of a small team and startup environment. Gets that managing social media for a vibrant brand with a vocal community is not a 9 to 5 gig. Bonus: Experience with Photoshop and video editing software like Premiere and After Effects. Has at least 2+ years experience working with a high growth startup, major brand, or game studio. Experience working with large IPs managing social media channels. Strong brand voice skills, ability to become the brand, ability to add value to fans day-to-day life. Deep knowledge and fandom of the NBA and WNBA and the ability to hold your own in a conversation with the biggest fans on the planet. Strong empathy to understand the fan experience and advocate on their behalf. Strong writing skills, ability to be concise. 
ScrapedJobID515:
Working with the business to determine and streamline inefficiencies by leveraging scripts, programming languages, and/or associated tools Working with respective subject matter experts to establish efficiencies within their workstreams Collaborating with other KM ITS organizations to standardize on development efforts Participating in the development of processes, documentation, and training material Handling multiple assignments, managing priorities, and meeting strict deadlines Acting as an escalation point for their area of expertise Outstanding communicator with client first mentality Team player with an ability to work with multiple stakeholders and departments Committed to continuous professional development and training Innovative and passionate about technology and efficiency Experience with automation integration, testing, and deployment methodologies Experience with the following technology C# .Net 4.6+ Visual Studio 2015, 2017+ ASP.NET MVC, Web API, and REST API Entity Framework CSS JS/JQuery PowerShell SQL Server 2012+ Git, Gitlab Familiarity with Agile and Scrum methodologies Familiarity with Microsoft Azure / Office 365 College diploma or University Degree A collaborative, transparent, and engaging culture, working with awesome technology! Competitive salary and performance-based variable compensation Paid Professional Development time Plenty of vacation and personal days Flexible work options Lucrative employee referral program Employee benefits including RRSP matching and WorkPerks (corporate discounts on travel, fitness programs, and shopping!) Vibrant social crew to organize team events, fundraising, and community initiatives Endless opportunities to learn and grow Fully equipped gym facilities Rec room with pool table, foosball, and video games 
ScrapedJobID516:
Lead a team of programmers towards the goals of a project Identify where to focus team resources in order to achieve the goal of the project Provide technical advice and solutions to other areas of the development team Interview for new team members for both cultural and technical alignment Advising, designing, prototyping, implementing and refining of game systems. Adapting to unfamiliar areas of code or concepts when investigating a problem. Be a positive motivator for the rest of the programming team to create a healthy work environment. Coordinating with the testing team to work on fixes for bugs. Working and coordinating with members of other departments on cross-department features [e.g., sound, animation, VFX]. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, or equivalent. Minimum of 6 years full time experience working as a software engineer; preferably within the games industry. Minimum 2 years full time experience working as a lead software engineer, preferably within the games industry At least one shipped game title; preferably using Unreal Engine. Excellent understanding and experience using modern software engineering practices such as peer reviews, scrum, CI/CD and testing Excellent understanding of C++. Experience with game engines, preferably Unreal Engine Familiarity with command line tools and operations. Competitive salary Health and dental benefits Wellness spending account 6 weeks vacation including a paid annual week-long company trip Wonderful colleagues! 
ScrapedJobID517:
Quickly gains proficiency when exposed to unfamiliar technical patterns, systems, or languages Is able to unblock individuals when they are faced with technical challenges Is a strong communicator who can collaborate well with other non-technical functions (e.g. Product & Design) Has the courage to try out new tools, fail fast, and dive into unknowns to solve new and challenging problems Familiar with our commonly used technology choices (Golang, Node, Javascript) Developing DApps or interacting with blockchains Understands the deployment process, and is comfortable with Docker, containers, and Kubernetes Event driven architecture, familiarity with kafka and comfort with having eventual consistency across multiple services Has a strong understanding of application and API security 
ScrapedJobID518:
Development of cluster backend services and frontend interfaces. Development of cluster backend services and frontend interfaces. Development of tests and test harnesses. Technical design documentation writing and part taking in agile / lean development planning. Code reviews and occasional supervision of interns. Keeping up to date on relevant technologies that include distributed systems, microservices and frontend frameworks. Assisted technical decision making and helping to drive the quality bar higher. Minimum 2+ years of progressively complex related experience. Minimum 2+ years of progressively complex related experience. B.Sc. in Computer Science, B.Eng. Computer Engineering, equivalent degrees or self-taught. Experience developing in C# or Java (or JVM languages), and JS (and/or TypeScript).• Good understanding of large-scale backend clusters. Fair understanding of modern frontend technologies such as React or Angular. Some understanding of SOLID design principles. Experience with unit tests and usage of CI infrastructure. Good knowledge of data structures, algorithms and to some degree scalability. Proven problem-solving skills. Can break down complex problems into simple solutions. Great communication, organization and collaboration skills. Capable of working in a team environment & independently, of working remotely & on-site. Adept in fast-paced environments, multi-tasking and attention to detail. Opportunity to grow and develop professionally. Competitive salary with health care and sport packages. Creative and international working environment. Modern office with game consoles, VR setup and access to all note-worthy VR experiences. 
ScrapedJobID519:
Support the annual compensation salary planning, salary scales and budgeting process; Work collaboratively with HR Partners and Recruiters to make compensation-related recommendations based on internal equity and external competitiveness as well as employee performance/contribution; Assist in the testing and implementation of the Compensation Review Tool; Benchmark jobs against market survey data and other market intelligence to determine competitive compensation ranges for each position; Assist in developing the strategic direction of base pay, variable pay, health plans and other benefit programs; Collaborate with HR team and clients to understand various total rewards program goals and incorporate feedback; Assist in long term incentive award administration; Produce ad hoc analyses based on business requests or proactively look for new opportunities; Participate in annual job analysis process; Assess jobs and their respective duties to ensure alignment with salary scales and market realities; Ensure compliance with federal and provincial compensation laws and regulations; Support other compensation-related projects as required. A minimum of 3 years of experience in compensation and benefits/total rewards; Excellent analytical skills; Certified Compensation Professional (CCP) course work or certification preferred; Extremely curious; not satisfied with easy or convenient answers; drives issues to root cause; Solid written and verbal communication skills; ability to succinctly summarize insights and quantitatively assess business and financial impact; Strong service orientation and sense of urgency in responding to client requests; Strong knowledge of Microsoft Office; must have advanced Excel skills (vlookup, pivot tables, use of formulas etc.); Knowledge of job evaluation tools and methodologies; Strong knowledge of applicable labour and employment law; Creative and strategic studio-wide mindset; Ability to work well with multiple, changing priorities and tight deadlines; Excellent organizational and time management skills; Ability to collaborate with compensation stakeholders; Flawless attention to detail. A hybrid, flexible work model Six weeks of vacation An enhanced parental leave program Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefits Package: Disability Insurance Dental Insurance Extended medical insurance (Optional) RRSP contribution Relocation Assistance Bonus (If Applicable) 
ScrapedJobID520:
Provide input on technical design, services architecture, and product features Research, evaluate, and analyze technical and design requirements Develop platform libraries, tools, components, and services that are scalable, secure, maintainable, and reliable Work cross-functionally with an agile team Support and input on technical priorities for overall education backend architecture and company APIs, enabling the team to better support the end-product Collaborate with technical leads and product owners to gather and prioritize project requirements Provide foundational services that will enable all software development teams’ domains Passion for user experience, security, performance, and uptime Passion for providing technical mentorship — you thrive on seeing everyone around you share knowledge and grow Conversant in one of the following: architecting and scaling a web application that receives many millions of requests per day, implementing reliable, asynchronous communication with other services Not afraid to stretch yourself outside of your comfort zone to take on new technical challenges, and have a love for continuous learning Proficient knowledge of a backend programming language (JavaScript, Ruby, Python) and associated framework (Django, Rails, etc.) Solid experience developing, documenting, standardizing, and versioning a RESTful API Knowledge of SQL and relational databases (PostgreSQL, MSSQL) Understanding of containerized systems using Kubernetes or Docker Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git Backend: Ruby, Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, Node.js, Python, Flask/Django, GraphQL, PostgreSQL, AWS Frontend: React, ES6 Experience with current authentication and authorization standards - OAuth and OIDC Demonstrated working knowledge and experience with Lean, DevOps, and Agile Mindset Experience with CI/CD pipelines and Infrastructure as Code Ability to work comfortably with a variety of programming languages Experience with one or more frontend JavaScript frameworks (React, Angular, Vue.js, etc.) Experience with AWS technologies - EC2, RDS, S3, SNS, etc. Experience with unit testing and testing frameworks Experience with GraphQL 
ScrapedJobID521:
4+ years of experience as a senior level developer 3+ years of hands-on programming experience in a strongly typed, compiled language such as C++, C#, or Java. 4+ years of experience building interactive UI-based applications Experience building data-bound user interfaces on desktop or mobile Familiarity with modern version control systems like Git Enthusiasm for optimizing code for the best possible performance Agile methodology experience Amateur photographer / fan of photography / photos enthusiast 
ScrapedJobID522:
Driving new business development initiatives, strategic planning, and execution for future direction and accelerated growth of the company. Developing and implementing strategic partnership programs to expand the distribution of products and increase revenue across multiple channels and regions. Understanding our customer’s critical business objectives and strategies. Partnering with our customer’s to enable positive business outcomes using our tools and products. Prospecting, qualifying, selling and closing new business to existing and net new customers. Managing multiple customers simultaneously at various stages of the selling cycle. Working with cross functional teams to help align our product with customer feedback. Driving the sales process with prospective customers as well as expansion within existing accounts. 8 - 10 years of experience in sales of complex business software / IT solutions, that experience includes:
Extensive knowledge of SaaS subscription models, solid understanding of technology, software structure and security
Selling in at the C level with ability to understand complex client needs and provide a comprehensive strategic solution that will meet the immediate and long term requirements and goals
Proven track record in business application software sales and experience in a lead role in a team-selling environment.
Collaborating with our product and development teams to engage our strategic clients in our product development and roadmap process
Strategic partner and channel management expertise ranging from small to enterprise level organizations Extensive knowledge of SaaS subscription models, solid understanding of technology, software structure and security Selling in at the C level with ability to understand complex client needs and provide a comprehensive strategic solution that will meet the immediate and long term requirements and goals Proven track record in business application software sales and experience in a lead role in a team-selling environment. Collaborating with our product and development teams to engage our strategic clients in our product development and roadmap process Strategic partner and channel management expertise ranging from small to enterprise level organizations In depth knowledge and/or deep passion for the online games industry and/or large scale social media platforms Demonstrated success with large transactions and lengthy sales campaigns in a fast paced and competitive market. Strong negotiating skills and ability to own the commercial contracting process from start to finish Demonstrated experience building and maintaining a healthy sales funnel An MBA would be considered an asset Permanent position, 40 hours/week Remote applicants are welcome 
ScrapedJobID523:
Résoudre des problèmes techniques complexes avec l'équipe et mettre en œuvre le solutions; Identifier le code réutilisable et superviser les optimisations / création de plugins Superviser la création de [TDD] documentation de la conception technique; Travailler avec les artiste techniques et Lead Art pour évaluer et mettre en œuvre les besoins de rendu (Benchmark GPU/CPU) ; Créez une architecture de jeu basée sur les meilleures pratiques Unity actuelles; Évaluer les produits internes et concurrents; Agir à titre de point de contact avec les producteurs et les partenaires concernant les choix techniques du projet; Collaborer avec le Lead programmeur pour la gestion des risques du projet, la prévision des outils et le contrôle de la dette technique; Participer à tous les aspects du pipeline de développement de jeux depuis la planification, l'architecture, la gestion des risques, la mise en œuvre, l'itération et le déploiement. Solve complex technical issues with the team and implement the solution; Identify reusable code and oversee library optimizations; Oversee the technical design documentation process; Work with Tech Art and Lead Art to benchmark and implement rendering needs; Build the game architecture based on today’s Unity best practices; Assess both internal and competitive products; Act as the point of contact with the producers, product owner and partners regarding technical choices on the project; Collaborate with the Lead programmer for project risk management, tool forecasting and control of the technical dept; Take part in all aspects of the game development pipeline from planning, architecturing, risk management, implementation, itération and deployment. Baccalauréat en informatique, ingénierie ou génie logiciel ou équivalent; Minimum de cinq (5) ans d'expérience pratique en tant que développeur; Expérience en développement de jeux PC et mobiles est un atout majeur; Expérience de travail dans des environnements agiles et lean; Maîtriser les aspects techniques du développement de produits; Compréhension de l'industrie et de la technologie à venir; Forte expérience avec le pipeline Unity3D; Solides compétences en débogage; Solides compétences en communication écrite et orale; Être capable de s'adapter rapidement au changement; Solides compétences en profilage; Connaissance en graphisme, physique, réseautage, IA, multithreading. Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering or Software Engineering or equivalent; Minimum of five (5) years of hands-on experience as a Developer; PC and mobile game development experience is a strong asset; Experience working in agile and lean environments; Master the technical aspects of product development; Understanding of the industry and upcoming technology; Strong experience with Unity3D pipeline; Strong debugging skills; Strong written and spoken communication skills; Be able to adapt quickly to change; Strong profiling skill; Knowledge in graphics, physics, networking, AI, multithreading. Salaire compétitif ; Assurances collectives offrant une couverture pour un large éventail de soins de santé, les soins dentaires, l’assurance salaire courte et longue durée et une assurance voyage ; REER collectif avec contribution avantageuse de l’employeur ; Stationnement gratuit ; Horaire régulier de 37,5 heures par semaine ; Projets originaux et variés ; Collations santé offertes gratuitement tous les jours ; Réel impact sur les projets ; Accès à ton propre espace personnalisé au cœur d’un espace ouvert, lumineux et branché ; Des clients d’envergure internationale dans les domaines du jouet et du divertissement ; Travailler avec des gens compétents et talentueux ; Une culture du jeu très forte ; Des activités sociales et beaucoup de plaisir ! Competitive salary; Group insurance offering health, disability and dental coverage and travel coverage; RRSP program including an employer contribution; Free parking; Schedule of 37,5 hours per week; Work on original and various projects; Free healthy snacks offered every day; Real impact on your projects; Own personalized space in our bright, comfortable and trendy open environment; Top international clients in the toys and entertainment business. Does Hasbro, Disney, Cartoon Network, Warner Brothers ring a bell? Work with talented and competent people; Strong gaming culture; Social events and a lot of fun! 
ScrapedJobID524:
Work on a small team of engineers to come up with world-class engineering solutions. Partner with other engineers, designers, artists, QA, audio and animators on a variety of tasks. Collaborate with the Technical Director to help establish a unified technology vision for the project including writing and reviewing technical design documents. Participate in code reviews. Mentor more junior engineers. Our team consists of a variety of levels. While mentoring more junior engineers is part of the job, you will be learning from them while you’re mentoring them. You have a degree in Engineering or you are self-taught. How you got there doesn’t matter so much, how you perform is more important to us. You have shipped several titles. Experience programming in C++. Experience with Unreal 4 or other game engines. We use Unreal 4 for most of our game development so experience with that engine would be a bonus. Experience with game backend technologies: dedicated servers and backend services. A positive attitude and a willingness to learn and knowledge share. Competitive salary. 4 weeks of paid vacation, plus a studio closure over the Winter holidays. Participation in the Employee Shares Option Plan. An extensive health and dental plan. An inclusive culture where you get to work with talented and respectful team members who want to make awesome games, just like you. Weekly studio update so that you know what’s going on, followed by a happy hour. Frequent virtual team events. 
ScrapedJobID525:
Only applies to full-time positions. Transform ideas and data from the Product Managers into detailed and well-thought-out designs, clearly communicated with high-quality documentation, wireframes, flows, and spreadsheets. Own the specification and configuration of in-game features, events, and other game features as they come in from concepts. Leverage live game data to propose engaging and creative gameplay features that will improve user experience, engagement, and monetization. Work directly with engineers, artists, and product managers throughout the lifecycle of owned features to ensure they are of the best for our users. Conduct competitive analyses to deconstruct game design trends, patterns, and consumer preferences. Be a team player - everyone contributes ideas and we are a collaborative, supportive, results-focused, ego-free group. 5+ years of experience in mobile free-to-play game design. Passion for games in the free-to-play market. Expert specs, wireframes, flows, and feature documentation for a live game. Expert configuration ability and game tuning for free-to-play games. Great knowledge of virtual goods and game monetization concepts. Good economic modeling and balance skills. Knowledge of the free-to-play market, and it's past and current trends. Ability to work as part of a large team in sprints. Ability to collaborate with other members of the design team. Understanding of current trends in mobile PvP games. Understanding of current trends in blockchain and its application in games. Previous design experience on a top 100 grossing game. Familiarity with scripting languages or other technical skills related to game development. Experience with both original and IP game development. Experience mentoring other designers. Experience with Tableau, Unity, Adobe XD, JIRA, and Google Docs/Sheet/Slides. Company news and events on our LinkedIn Company Blog Employee Feedback on our Comparably page Find videos on our teams and games on our Youtube 
ScrapedJobID526:
405 Av. Ogilvy, Montréal, QC H3N 1M3, Canada Employees can work remotely Full-time Department: Code Location: Canada / Montreal Project: Dagger Collaborate with artists, designers and gameplay developers to work on Work closely with other UI developers and game designers to organize Polish UI prototypes to AAA level with attention to detail, especially with Write clean, efficient, maintainable code Test, debug, profile and optimize implementations Create design documentation according to Team Standards Actively attend to code review Design and implement new UI systems, iterate on existing ones Strong C++ programming skills Strong C++ programming skills Knowledge of Unreal Engine 4 Experience with developing and testing UI features across multiple platforms Knowledge of rendering, threading, networking and other systems impacting Understanding of UMG optimization techniques Strong debugging and profiling skills Ability to write solid, reliable, efficient code Strong verbal and written communication skills in English Open-minded team player attitude Strong work ethic and self-motivated Passionate about playing and making video games Knowledge of design relating to user-interface and ergonomics Shipped-title experience JIRA, Swarm and Perforce Knowledge BS (or higher) in Computer Science or similar discipline (Physics, Math, EE, Competitive salary Personal development opportunities and the possibility to work in a multicultural environment Working with highly-skilled, senior-level professionals Being part of a young organization and having a true impact on your daily work Opportunity to work on innovative, exciting AAA projects with the newest technologies An informal atmosphere, no dress code, no unwanted formalities 
ScrapedJobID527:

ScrapedJobID528:
Collaborating on requirements specification in the form of user stories Designing, implementing and testing technical solutions that meet the requirements Developing well-structured, maintainable code for web, mobile, desktop applications and APIs Pairing with other developers on feature development, code reviews and bug fixing Collaborating with the team on evaluation and implementation of frameworks and tools to help with development and quality Working with the team to continuously improve process and behaviours through regular reflection and adaptation A minimum of 3 years in software development, showing continuous growth Strong knowledge of developing large, integrated systems with many external dependencies, web services and APIs (REST) Working knowledge of software design patterns Intermediate/Advanced experience using PHP Intermediate experience using TypeScript Experienced in root-cause analysis across distributed systems Experience mentoring a co-op or junior developer, and/or pair-programming Working knowledge of Cloud Infrastructure such as Amazon Web Services (AWS) Working knowledge of Linux, Git Working knowledge of file systems and the AWS CLI Remote working arrangements; work from anywhere in the world If you want an office to visit, we have an amazing Downtown Vancouver location, 2 mins from Yaletown Skytrain Amazing office amenities equipped with snacks, drinks, games (Nintendo switch, VR, ping pong table), and an on-site gym We have excellent extended health and dental benefits for yourself and your family You may contribute to a Retirement Savings Plan, with employer matching contributions We are family friendly and offer flexibility We’re champions of diversity and welcome beans of all shapes, sizes and backgrounds We have regular team get-togethers, parties, and believe in celebrating our wins and having fun 
ScrapedJobID529:
real-time visibility on how Ubisoft titles are played; and an understanding of the habits and preferences of the people playing them. Design, develop, and optimize extremely efficient and reliable data pipelines to prepare data for the Machine Learning use cases. Work closely with our clients/partners, internal Data Scientists and Developers on diverse data pipelines (batch and stream processes). Play a key role in the creation and improvement of our new Feature Sore solution, aimed to be the central point of interactions for the Data Scientists and everything happening on the platform. Synch up with your team to discuss work-in-progress, ideas, and blockers; plan and prioritize; overcome issues; etc. Be a key member of the team, participate in the decisions and implementations to improve the platform’s quality. Stay current on technological advancements to help develop yourself, the platform and position Ubisoft as a leader of the domain. Minimum 4 years of data engineering design/development experience in building very large data products, ideally in an AI/ML environment. Experience working with Spark and Kafka streams, plus other big data technologies (e.g. Flink, Hadoop, Hive, Athena, etc.) Solid programming knowledge in multiple languages (SQL, Python, Java, Scala...). Previous experience using cloud technology, ideally AWS (S3, EMR, DynamoDB, SageMaker...) Understanding of microservices architecture and REST APIs. Knowledge of CI / CD and associated best practices. Good understanding of ML concepts (Features, models...). Strong communication and collaboration skills. A constant desire to grow and learn and to see teammates succeed together. Experience building and interacting with REST APIs ingesting/serving large amount of data. Already worked on implementing and maintaining a Feature Store. Familiarity with industry standards such as Airflow. Knowledge of Kubernetes, Docker and other DevOps/MLOps technologies. Experience with designing and deploying Data Science/ML solutions in the cloud. An understanding of the video game industry. 
ScrapedJobID530:
Être une voix de confiance dans l'évangélisation de la mise en place de fiabilité au sein de l'équipe. Promouvoir les discussions qui définissent les SLI (indicateur de niveau de service) et SLO (objectif de niveau de service) appropriés des services. Concevoir et développer les meilleures pratiques pour garantir l'observabilité, la fiabilité et la sécurité. Participer aux rotations d'assistance sur appel après les heures de travail. Maîtrise des fonctions de gestion, d'orchestration et d'observabilité des conteneurs AWS (ECS, Fargate, Aurora, AppConfig, CloudWatch, etc.). Maîtrise de Terraform et/ou CloudFormation. Expérience professionnelle de la gestion des services d'accès et de sécurité AWS (IAM, kms, Secrets Manager, WAFv2, etc.) Minimum de 3 ans d'expérience dans une grande variété de technologies AWS dans un cadre professionnel. Minimum de 2 ans d'expérience avec les conteneurs dans un cadre professionnel, de préférence Docker Expérience professionnelle du développement avec au moins un des éléments suivants : Go, Python, Node.js Expérience dans la définition de SLI et SLO pour des applications hautement disponibles basées sur le cloud. Compréhension de la gestion de la pile d'observabilité (surveillance, alerte, journalisation structurée, APM, etc.) Vous êtes un communicateur à l'aise, capable de détailler clairement les conceptions et les mises en œuvre au niveau individuel et dans des groupes importants. Une expérience pratique du développement et de la maintenance de pipelines CI/CD, de préférence dans git/GitLab. Compréhension des API RESTful et Websocket. Baccalauréat en informatique, dans un domaine connexe, ou formation et expérience professionnelle équivalentes. Tout titre de sécurité vérifiable (isc2, AWS security specialist, ethical hacking, security+, etc.) Expérience de travail dans des programmes de commerce de détail/eCommerce Familiarité avec OpenTelemetry / OpenSLO Familiarité avec Datadog / Honeycomb Familiarité avec les produits Atlassian (OpsGenie, JIRA, Confluence) Expérience de travail avec des développeurs dans un environnement agile Expérience dans l'industrie des jeux, de préférence dans le lancement de plusieurs AAA en ligne. Connaissance des IPs appartenant à Gearbox Be a trusted voice in the evangelism of reliability engineering throughout the team Champion discussions that define appropriate SLIs and SLOs of services Design and engineer best practices for ensuring the observability, reliability, and security Participate in after-hours on-call support rotations Proficiency in AWS container management, orchestration, and observability features (ECS, Fargate, Aurora, AppConfig, CloudWatch, etc.) Proficiency in Terraform and/or CloudFormation Professional Experience managing AWS access and security services (IAM, kms, Secrets Manager, WAFv2, etc.) Minimum of 3 years experience in a wide variety of AWS technologies in a professional setting Minimum of 2 years experience with containers in a professional setting, preferably Docker Professional development experience with at least one of: Go, Python, Node.js Experience defining SLIs and SLOs for highly available cloud-based applications Understanding of observability stack management (monitoring, alerting, structured logging, APM, etc.) Comfortable communicator, able to clearly detail designs and implementations on an individual level and in large group settings Hands-on experience developing and maintaining CI/CD pipelines, preferably in git/GitLab Understanding of RESTful and Websocket based APIs Bachelor's degree in computer science, related field, or equivalent training and professional experience Any verifiable security credential (isc2, AWS security specialist, ethical hacking, security+, etc.) Experience working in retail/eCommerce programs Familiarity with OpenTelemetry / OpenSLO Familiarity with Datadog / Honeycomb Familiarity with Atlassian products (OpsGenie, JIRA, Confluence) Experience working with developers in an agile environment Experience in the games industry, preferably launching multiple online-enabled AAAs Knowledge about Gearbox-owned IPs 
ScrapedJobID531:
Note: Due to the Covid-19 pandemic, in order to keep all of our employees and candidates safe, SideFX is hiring and onboarding remotely Develop, maintain and provide support for the two primary Houdini off-line renderers, Karma CPU and XPU. Research and develop new rendering algorithms for off-line and real-time rendering. Collaborate with other R&D staff, technical directors and artists to ensure the rendering technology will provide the best solutions for the demands of production rendering. Other duties as assigned Adjustments will be made to enable duties & responsibilities to be met working remotely considering the current Covid-19 pandemic situation. Computer Science degree or equivalent Strong knowledge of C++ programming in a multi-threaded environment Leading-edge rendering R&D expertise A deep understanding of rendering technologies, such as:
Light transport
Importance sampling
Volume Rendering
Geometric processing (subdivision algorithms, curve rendering etc.) Light transport Importance sampling Volume Rendering Geometric processing (subdivision algorithms, curve rendering etc.) A thorough understanding of shading languages, including compiler technologies like LLVM History of delivering innovative, robust and scalable code Ability to learn independently, use solid judgement and develop at a fast pace Extensive experience in algorithm optimization for memory and performance Uncanny ability to uncover and remove bugs in a large software base Knowledge of GPU rendering algorithms, including OpenCL or CUDA Excellent verbal and written communication Experience with interactive algorithms (IPR) and stereoscopic rendering Familiarity with Houdini, USD/Hydra, MaterialX and the VEX shading language Advanced shader writing experience Familiarity with compiler optimization techniques Knowledge of Python Implement core rendering systems with a focus on production viability and performance Research solutions for efficient stereoscopic rendering Explore procedural technologies for large data rendering Design a layered material library, complete with physically realistic models for common surface types Optimize rendering of motion blur for RBD simulations Add user control to tracing of various light paths Bind volume primitive representations to the VEX shading language Optimize opacity evaluation for highly transparent scenes Optimize threaded evaluation of texture maps Extend the VEX shading language to support new constructs Improve the usability of the rendering environment in Houdini Explore avenues for hardware rendering Hybrid Work option - A great office in Downtown Toronto (right across from Union station) with the flexibility to work from home (most roles). You can help us test out our Hybrid Pilot Project 3 weeks’ vacation to relax and re-energize Health insurance coverage including a Health Service Spending Account (HSSA only for Canadian employees), for you and your dependents (only permanent employees) Employee Assistance Program (EAP); because sometimes we need a bit of extra support Retirement Plan with company matched contributions (only permanent employees) A highly competitive bonus structure (only permanent employees) A generous sick time entitlement to care for yourself and your loved ones Because you want to be part of a unique experience and winning team that has won an Oscar and an Emmy (Cool, right?) Because you want to be part of an industry-leading company that is constantly mindfully growing Because you want to work with some of the most talented people in the industry on a ground-breaking product Because you want to work with people from all around the world Because you want to be part of an exciting and fun industry Because you want to join and add to a positive, supportive and respected company culture Because you want your job to be GREAT! 
ScrapedJobID532:
Influence and guide the development team towards continuous improvement and higher quality Grow and improve our automated tests, framework and infrastructure Collaborate with the development teams to ensure the delivery of great software across multiple platforms C# skills Problem solver with a natural investigative ability to seek the best solution, not the fastest Experience as an automation specialist, developing and executing testing plans for large complex software projects Experience with Unity platform or other Real Time 3D engine. Experience in performance, code analysis, and debugging tools Continuous Integration/Continuous Development tools experience Experience with Cloud technologies Influencer et guider l'équipe de développement vers une amélioration continue et une qualité toujours plus élevée Développer et améliorer nos tests automatisés, notre environnement et nos frameworks Collaborer avec les équipes de développement pour assurer la livraison de logiciels de haute qualité sur de multiples plateformes Des compétences avec C# Un don naturel à enquêter afin de résoudre des problèmes en cherchant la meilleure solution, et non la plus rapide Une expérience en tant que spécialiste de l'automatisation dans le développement et l'exécution de plans de test pour de grands projets logiciels complexes Une expérience avec la plateforme Unity ou tout autre moteur de rendu 3D en temps réel Une expérience avec les outils de performance, d'analyse de code et de débogage Une expérience avec les outils d'intégration et de développement en continu Une expérience en matière de technologies infonuagiques 
ScrapedJobID533:
Oracle equity in the form of publicly traded RSUs as well as multiple benefit options. RRSP contribution matching up to 6% of annual salary within first month of employment *cough-cough* New Homebuyers plan. Work life balance – our world-wide team supports each other so that your evenings and weekends actually are your own. A hybrid/remote work week, which gives you more flexibility to work from the location that is best for you Access to incredible learning library for career and skills growth as well as pro-bono and mentorship opportunities for all team members. Regular team events that range from digital puzzles and video games to drive-ins and donut parties. Engineering or computer science degrees with several years of software development experience that includes Java or any similar object-oriented programming language. Intimate understanding of modern web applications and extensive experience with database-driven applications. Enthusiastic about automated testing! Great problem-solving skills and the ability to abstract functional requirements and strong communication abilities in both technical and non-technical contexts. Embodiment of our Values: Customer First, Collaboration, Innovation, and Integrity. 
ScrapedJobID534:
A Bachelor’s university degree in computer science or engineering; A minimum of 5 year's experience as a RESTful API backend developer (.NET); Excellent problem-solving capacities; Experience with high-load back-end development - 10K cps; Solid experience with load testing; Expertise in database and web-service optimizations; Excellent capacity in database modeling; Detail-oriented in the context of unit and integration tests; Able to proactively express ideas in person and in writing - English and French; Structured and iterative methodology; Autonomy in the organization of the work; Good ability to understand needs; Comfortable in an environment where teamwork is essential. RESTful services Micro services Client / Server architecture Event driven architecture .NET Core MongoDB Redis MSSQL Docker Docker Swarm Git Gitlab CI/CD Open Stack IIS XUnit RabbitMQ Prometheus Elastic Search Grafana Kibana Windows Linux Visual Studio 2017 NodeJS Python UML Javascript ES6 React Front-end development consuming RESTful services Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID535:
Work with the director and studio leadership to clearly understand the concept, style, and intent of videos being produced Assemble live-action, gameplay, and animated footage into trailers and promotional content as needed Edit and work with music, dialogue, and sound FX Create motion graphics and FX Color balance videos Guide the video production team in best practices for footage and content management Self-manage reviews, feedback, and scheduling of work Oversee the quality and progress of editing and audio and video engineering Experiment with styles and techniques including the design of graphic elements Suggesting and/or selecting music other tasks as needed Proven work experience as a video editor/motion graphic designer Bilingual in English and Mandarin (Since our projects are mostly from China directly, able to read Chinese is a request skillset.) Must be able to use After Effect, (especially plugins of Trapcode Particular, Saber, Optical Flares), Adobe Premiere, Adobe Photoshop, Knowledge in Unity 3D will be a plus. Creative mind and storytelling skills Self Starter, Good Communication, Open-minded, Team player, Positive Attitude 
ScrapedJobID536:
Competitive salary & vacation packages Access to 24/7 on demand online healthcare service Generous referral program Extensive summer hours & flex time Year-round events, from massive to casual and everything in between Beautiful office right near Namur metro home office subsidy Remote work option Learning Assistance program Working alongside super talented and friendly people that like to drive innovation Work with other developers, team leads and product owner Helps develop highly performing financial components, ETLs/ELTs, Payment engines... Contribute technical expertise to all aspects of our software development process Ensure Quality guidelines are met and followed on each iteration Support the entire development methodology process Conduct code reviews for the development teams Help create self-contained, reusable, and testable modules and components Build re-usable code and libraries Implement security and data protection Optimize solutions using good industry practices Participate and contribute into architecting and automating the build and deployment process (CICD) Technical analysis with flow diagrams and documenting the code Understand the problem that the software is supposed to solve, design a solution, help develop and test it before releasing, test designs should have an adequate code coverage, integration test governed by BDD best practices, and load test. Maintain high standards of software quality within the team with the utilization of good practices and habits Participate in peer-reviews of solution designs and related code Support deployment of releases Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX Designs if applicable Integrate Web designs provided by UI/UX department if applicable Work in an Agile development team Polyglot in Python / Java Excellent knowledge of DynamoDB or equivalent NoSQL Good Knowledge of AWS Redshift or Snowflake Good knowledge in Kinesis/ Kinesis Streams Good knowledge in AWS Serverless architecture and design with hands-on Solid knowledge of SLDC and different Java Design Patterns and Software Design Patterns and SOLID principles Solid knowledge of Microservices concepts Knowledge of Double-Entry Accounting and Financial Processes and reporting is an asset Knowledge of distributed systems and event driven systems is an asset Knowledge of Payment Gateways and Processors is an asset Cloud Computing Concepts preferably AWS and knowledge of CloudFormation or Terraform is an asset 5+ years experience in software engineering 
ScrapedJobID537:
Engage with fellow developers through active participation in code reviews, design Dedication to an iterative development process driven by the goal to continuously Develop clean, maintainable, and documented solutions Collaborate with backend engineering teams through traces, metrics, and Deploy applications regularly adhering to studio standards and best practices Participate in requirements gathering to inform design and development Participate in user observation studies to be regularly evaluating how users work and Follow standard UX design methodologies throughout the development process Proficiency in modern web application features,design goals, and architecture (i.e. Web Expertise with modern frameworks, standards, technologies used in front end web Experience with micro-services architecture Strong communication, collaboration, and problem solving skills Experience working closely with UX design teams and backend development teams Experience with testing frameworks (i.e. Cypress) Production experience in computer animation, visual effects, or game industry A portfolio of user interface samples that demonstrates skill and passion Experience with Node.js, Express, and building JS modules using technologies such as NPM We are a company built on positive relationships and collaboration, and you will have the opportunity to build strong business relationships while acting as a specialist in Product Management. You will manage multiple business relationships and collaborate with people from both corporate and field. This is an opportunity to work independently, in a fast-paced environment, and lead projects. 
ScrapedJobID538:
Only applies to full-time positions. Transform ideas and data from the Product Managers into detailed and well-thought-out designs, clearly communicated with high-quality documentation, wireframes, flows, and spreadsheets. Own the specification and configuration of in-game features, events, and other game features as they come in from concepts. Leverage live game data to propose engaging and creative gameplay features that will improve user experience, engagement, and monetization. Work directly with engineers, artists, and product managers throughout the lifecycle of owned features to ensure they are of the best for our users. Conduct competitive analyses to deconstruct game design trends, patterns, and consumer preferences. Be a team player - everyone contributes ideas and we are a collaborative, supportive, results-focused, ego-free group. 5+ years of experience in mobile free-to-play game design. Passion for games in the free-to-play market. Expert specs, wireframes, flows, and feature documentation for a live game. Expert configuration ability and game tuning for free-to-play games. Great knowledge of virtual goods and game monetization concepts. Good economic modeling and balance skills. Knowledge of the free-to-play market, and it's past and current trends. Ability to work as part of a large team in sprints. Ability to collaborate with other members of the design team. Understanding of current trends in mobile PvP games. Understanding of current trends in blockchain and its application in games. Previous design experience on a top 100 grossing game. Familiarity with scripting languages or other technical skills related to game development. Experience with both original and IP game development. Experience mentoring other designers. Experience with Tableau, Unity, Adobe XD, JIRA, and Google Docs/Sheet/Slides. Company news and events on our LinkedIn Company Blog Employee Feedback on our Comparably page Find videos on our teams and games on our Youtube 
ScrapedJobID539:
Take ownership of our performance optimization to allow our AAA Premium games to perform amazingly on billions of devices around the world. Deal with issues would include profiling, memory, CPU, run-time, load-time, etc. Experience in Profiling on any game platform (Mobile, iOS, Android, PC, Consoles) Knowledge in how to deal with platform/device specific issues A problem-solver who can also implement the solutions. Experience with the Unity engine Fixing crash bugs Optimization Telemetry Pipelines Tools Bundling/asset management Data mining Perforce Integrations iOS/Android native code (Objective-C/Swift, Java) SDK / Plugins Unity Upgrades General infrastructure 
ScrapedJobID540:
Working with external team to build high-end showcases for Unity Developing features, workflows or tools as needed in collaboration with our partner teams Optimizing systems and tools to work with massive data sets Working with premiere technology inside Unity to tackle ambitious problems and improve our tools before release. AAA game development experience with several titles shipped on PC or Console Excellent and current programming skills. C/C++, C# Strong optimization and debugging skills. Great communication skills and ability to work effectively on shared projects with designers, artists, testers, and other developers Experience with Unity, Unreal, CryEngine or other 3D game engines Experience with animation programming and procedural animation techniques. A love of writing good tools and workflows for all kinds of game developers Realtime networked multiplayer game experience, specifically with rollback prediction models. 
ScrapedJobID541:
Only applies to full-time positions. Transform ideas and data from the Product Managers into detailed and well-thought-out designs, clearly communicated with high-quality documentation, wireframes, flows, and spreadsheets. Own the specification and configuration of in-game features, events, and other game features as they come in from concepts. Leverage live game data to propose engaging and creative gameplay features that will improve user experience, engagement, and monetization. Work directly with engineers, artists, and product managers throughout the lifecycle of owned features to ensure they are of the best for our users. Conduct competitive analyses to deconstruct game design trends, patterns, and consumer preferences. Be a team player - everyone contributes ideas and we are a collaborative, supportive, results-focused, ego-free group. 5+ years of experience in mobile free-to-play game design. Passion for games in the free-to-play market. Expert specs, wireframes, flows, and feature documentation for a live game. Expert configuration ability and game tuning for free-to-play games. Great knowledge of virtual goods and game monetization concepts. Good economic modeling and balance skills. Knowledge of the free-to-play market, and it's past and current trends. Ability to work as part of a large team in sprints. Ability to collaborate with other members of the design team. Understanding of current trends in mobile PvP games. Understanding of current trends in blockchain and its application in games. Previous design experience on a top 100 grossing game. Familiarity with scripting languages or other technical skills related to game development. Experience with both original and IP game development. Experience mentoring other designers. Experience with Tableau, Unity, Adobe XD, JIRA, and Google Docs/Sheet/Slides. Company news and events on our LinkedIn Company Blog Employee Feedback on our Comparably page Find videos on our teams and games on our Youtube 
ScrapedJobID542:
Take ownership of our performance optimization to allow our AAA Premium games to perform amazingly on billions of devices around the world. Deal with issues would include profiling, memory, CPU, run-time, load-time, etc. Experience in Profiling on any game platform (Mobile, iOS, Android, PC, Consoles) Knowledge in how to deal with platform/device specific issues A problem-solver who can also implement the solutions. Experience with the Unity engine Fixing crash bugs Optimization Telemetry Pipelines Tools Bundling/asset management Data mining Perforce Integrations iOS/Android native code (Objective-C/Swift, Java) SDK / Plugins Unity Upgrades General infrastructure 
ScrapedJobID543:
Working with external team to build high-end showcases for Unity Developing features, workflows or tools as needed in collaboration with our partner teams Optimizing systems and tools to work with massive data sets Working with premiere technology inside Unity to tackle ambitious problems and improve our tools before release. AAA game development experience with several titles shipped on PC or Console Excellent and current programming skills. C/C++, C# Strong optimization and debugging skills. Great communication skills and ability to work effectively on shared projects with designers, artists, testers, and other developers Experience with Unity, Unreal, CryEngine or other 3D game engines Experience with animation programming and procedural animation techniques. A love of writing good tools and workflows for all kinds of game developers Realtime networked multiplayer game experience, specifically with rollback prediction models. 
ScrapedJobID544:
Design and implement software solutions, leveraging the best development practices and testing strategies Participate in the design and architecture phases Contribute to the testing, deployment and monitoring of software components Contribute to the enhancement of the platform, operational processes and tools Community. Ours is awesome. You will interact with developers co-located in an Agile environment, work in an open space and work with extremely talented people DevOps. We are committed to our practices and tools - CI/CD, containers, micro-services, Infra-As-Code Technology. You will deal with a variety of cutting-edge software technologies that will shape how Bell is transforming the television market. Connect with people from different fields. You'll connect business vocabulary, product strategy and technical jargon Sharpen your skills with the latest technologies, with access to vast resources Embody and advocate a culture of quality code development Openly expose problems and turn them into learning and team bonding experience Work with multi-disciplined colleagues A University degree in software/computer engineering, computer science A candidate with 1-5 years of software development Expert skills in an Object-Oriented language, preferably Java or C# Strong experience with unit testing, Test-Driven Development, code review, continuous integration, continuous delivery & DevOps practices. Excellent understanding of Object-Oriented principles, Design Patterns and software engineering best practices Experience with non-SQL databases (MongoDB) and real-time stream processing (Kafka). Good knowledge of web development technologies and protocols: HTTP, gRPC, RESTful services, Angular, Bootstrap You can quickly learn and adapt to new technologies, and you have a strong aptitude for innovation You are a team player who can define, establish and communicate their long term vision, who is adaptable to uncertain and changing needs You are a candidate with strong interpersonal, oral and written communication skills (A good sense of humor is a bonus!) You’re bilingual (French/English) Practical experience in Ansible, Go, Node.JS, Typescript ... Practical experience in Domain Driven Design Computer Security knowledge Strong IP networking skills Exposure to Agile methodologies (Scrum/Kanban) Ability to lead technical teams through design and implementation Experience with container environment: Docker, Docker Swarm, Kubernetes 
ScrapedJobID545:
Improve prototypes to minimal viable products for game development teams. Design, code, and integrate machine-learning-based prototypes in game engines & internal middleware. Partner with product teams to release complete product packages that meet production quality criteria (robustness, documentation, completeness, and performance). Work closely with research scientists and production leads. Develop and maintain prototyping tools and infrastructure to facilitate collaboration between researchers. Provide support throughout prototype creation. Encourage standardization of frameworks, libraries, etc. among R&D teams + recommend and share best practices. An undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent At least 3 years of software development experience or related experience (with a focus on machine learning or in the gaming industry a huge plus) Mastery of Python & proficiency in C++ A highly collaborative and solution-oriented spirit Curiosity and critical thinking Excellent communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills Motivation to innovate in the video game industry & adapt to its (constantly evolving) rhythm Experience with deep learning frameworks (e.g. PyTorch or Tensor Flow), storage systems, distributed systems, high-performance computing, or CUDA programming Knowledge of Linux and Windows OS Familiarity with Maxscript or MEL Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID546:
Conceptualizing, designing and presenting workflows for users Collaborate with Developer leads and team leaders Familiarize yourself with current company guidelines Implement and enhance standard company design guidelines Be able to multi-task and balance multiple priority projects Be a strong creative and design oriented voice in company Use market analysis, internal and customer feedback and usability findings to create smart UI designs Expert at researching, wireframing, designing and refining user experience within our product 4+ years of UX and/or UI design experience working with digital products Expert in Adobe Creative Suite CC (Photoshop, Illustrator, XD) Comfortable presenting prototypes to different teams Techsavvy and have the ability to learn if not previously familiar with a certain technology Strong grasp of UI/UX fundamentals across desktop, web and mobile platforms Ability to work in an agile team environment, solve problems and work under pressure Fundamental HTML and CSS knowledge to communicate with developers and support the implementation of your designs. Can create lasting design standards as company grows into new sectors Portfolio of UX-focused work samples for digital platforms Familiarity with standard design techniques such as storyboarding, user research, wireframes and prototyping Understanding of HTML and CSS Knowledge of Adobe Premiere and After Effects is an asset 8 hour shift Monday to Friday UX: 3 years (preferred) Unreal Engine: 2 years (preferred) Game design: 2 years (preferred) Web design: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID547:
Java Software development System integration of new platforms and services Participate in the design, development and testing of real-time charging and policy solutions and features prior to implementation in production, with a focus on both Wireless Prepaid and Data charging Participate in software development strategies to build internally or work with external vendors to develop new or enhance existing features of Bell products Participate in the servicing and maintenance of existing platforms and services University degree in Electrical/Computer Engineering or Computer Science or equivalent 4+ years of experience in Java development, Spring (all), JSP Experience in Docker and Docker swarm Experience with Rabbit and Kafka queues Experience in Hibernate, JPA, Junit, MVC, RDBMS Experience with multiple scripting languages (Python Groovy, etc.) Experience with tools such as: Eclipse, Maven, Jenkins, Gradle, under Windows and Linux Experience designing and implementing ReST services using microservices Experience with TDD (test driven development) and test automation Knowledge of open source libraries and testing frameworks such as JUnit, Mockito, etc. Familiar with FPA concept (Function Point Analysis) Knowledge of Kubernetes, Ansible Knowledge of Spring integration and security Experience with working in an agile service implementation and distributed environment Strong analysis and problem solving skills Strong technical writing skill and good communication skills. Strong team player Creative thinker able to resolve complex issues Enthusiastic & energetic in meeting/exceeding objectives and goals Some working knowledge of telecom charging/rating systems will be an asset. 
ScrapedJobID548:
Working with a software development team lead and a project team of designers, project managers and quality analysts to develop best-in-class applications and games. Working with the creative team to realize a design concept into implementation. Helping drive technical direction of software features with your lead. Participating in code reviews to ensure only high-quality software is committed. Following agile software development methodologies, and collaborating with clients on technical solutions. Consistent track record of delivering products with Unity and C#. Having worked with AR technologies such as AR kit, AR core, Vuforia, Wikitude developing applications targeting the iOS and android platforms. Strong understanding of all aspects of the software development lifecycle. Good communicator with the ability to work as part of a team of diverse skillsets and interface directly with clients. Experience in game development (shipped titles; console etc). Ability to find creative solutions to difficult problems. Communication Team worker Leadership Ability to work under pressure Self motivated Conflicts resolver Decision maker Time management Project management Geomagic Touch Haptic device Manus VR HTC Vive & Vive Pro Oculus DK2 Oculus Rift Hololens Leap Motion Sensor Health care Automobile Enterprise Construction E-learning Business Education Extended health care 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID549:
In Depth knowledge of HTML and CSS Experience building apps using a JavaScript framework like React Experience in RESTful API consumption, caching and error handling An ability to easily evolve user interface designs into JSX or equivalent Comfortable with code reviews, git protocol and npm scripts Knowledge of application profiling, optimisations and debugging Proactive and eager to learn more Built mobile apps with React Native Used state managers such as Redux, MobX or GraphQL Written automated tests with a test suite like Jest Knowledge of Google Analytics or another tracking tool C++, C# or Java experience Knowledge of Typescript is an asset Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID550:
At least 3 years of experience in software programming, ideally in the video game industry or any other relevant experience A degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering (or equivalent) Excellent proficiency in various programming languages, especially C# and WPF Good notions of the python programming language Good analytical and synthesis skills + attention to detail Ability to work as part of a team + good interpersonal and communication skills Autonomy, curiosity, and resourcefulness that push you to go talk to people Flexibility in the organization of your work, allowing you to adapt to changes 
ScrapedJobID551:
Participates in requirement gathering, solution design and presentation Participates and may lead development of written design specifications for projects and products, as well as review design specifications written by others. Provides accurate estimates for design specifications, and is accountable for these estimates. Produces maintainable, reusable and PCI complaint code with unit tests, and participates in code reviews as guided by the Manager, Development. Works with customer service and project management teams to provide engineering support to T2’s production issues. Collaborates with other development teams for designing and documenting integration APIs. Provides technical support to other staff. Provides recommendations on architectural direction, product direction and development tools. Mentors junior developers Champion for coding best practices and responsible for guiding and helping development team follow standards Supports corporate goals and objectives and pro-actively addresses issues as appropriate. Continually evaluates departmental processes and external tools and technologies for improvement opportunities specifically for the department and for T2 products in general. Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science/Engineering or related field 6+ years of professional experience developing services with Java Working knowledge of version control using Git Familiarity with secure coding practices, OWASP Top 10 and CWE Top 25 Ability to work on or lead multiple projects at once Ability to convert Product Requirements into High Level Designs and present Ability to coach and mentor developers Strong knowledge of micro-service architecture Strong knowledge and experience using the following:
Java 8+
Frameworks: Spring, Hibernate, JUnit
Apache Kafka
REST API design
MySQL, MongoDB
Swagger – API Documentation Java 8+ Frameworks: Spring, Hibernate, JUnit Apache Kafka REST API design MySQL, MongoDB Swagger – API Documentation Experience with following are an asset
Flyway scripts
SonarQube
Docker Container
Keycloak Auth
Postman
Jenkins - Build Flyway scripts SonarQube Docker Container Keycloak Auth Postman Jenkins - Build Experience in Agile Development such as SCRUM is desired Experience with Payment Integrations is desired Experience in Parking industry is an asset Health & Wellness: We offer competitive medical, dental, and vision coverage, health spending accounts, and health and wellness education sessions. Because your well-being is important to us. Retirement Plans: As a forward-thinking company, we see the value in planning for the future. So we help you plan for yours with 401(k) (US) and RRSP (Canada) plans with employer match. Work-Life Balance: We understand that burnout is real and that work-life balance is important. Which is why we offer 3 weeks paid vacation upon starting, as well as flexibility to work remotely. Events & Activities: Part of having a good work-life balance is having fun, which we love to do! Whether it’s a party, a potluck, or a game of ping pong or foosball, we know how to have a good time. Snacks & Drinks: Working smart works up an appetite, and we’ve got you covered. Our offices are fully stocked with snacks, fresh fruit, coffee, tea, soda, and beer on tap. Open Communication: In addition to having regular “state of the company” updates, our leadership team’s doors are always open – including our CEO – because winning as a team starts at the top. Amazing people to work with! 
ScrapedJobID552:

ScrapedJobID553:
planning algorithms to maximize the use of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) a missile defense simulation to test new strategies and algorithms a social discovery platform for intelligence analysts a malware analysis tool for cyber defense to understand how threats change over time a suite of web-based mash-up tools for people to combine data in new and interesting ways game AI for virtual characters in simulation-based training environments informative data visualizations across map, timeline, and network displays Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field

Two or more years of professional software development experience, ideally with exposure to the full software lifecycle

Proficiency in several programming languages (including Java) and technology stacks across desktop and web applications

Experience with user interface (UI) development

Experience working on many projects of various size, individually and as part of a team

Keen to learn more about new languages and frameworks

Experience using third-party libraries, frameworks, tools, and infrastructures Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field Two or more years of professional software development experience, ideally with exposure to the full software lifecycle Proficiency in several programming languages (including Java) and technology stacks across desktop and web applications Experience with user interface (UI) development Experience working on many projects of various size, individually and as part of a team Keen to learn more about new languages and frameworks Experience using third-party libraries, frameworks, tools, and infrastructures Experience with artificial intelligence or machine learning techniques

Experience participating in hackathons and coding competitions

Experience leading or contributing to open source software

Experience with prototyping technologies and tools

Experience with agile software development methodologies like Scrum

Experience with mobile development Experience with artificial intelligence or machine learning techniques Experience participating in hackathons and coding competitions Experience leading or contributing to open source software Experience with prototyping technologies and tools Experience with agile software development methodologies like Scrum Experience with mobile development Code and writing samples may be requested (please include a link to source code on your resume if you have one e.g. GitHub)

U.S. citizenship is required for this position Code and writing samples may be requested (please include a link to source code on your resume if you have one e.g. GitHub)

U.S. citizenship is required for this position Code and writing samples may be requested (please include a link to source code on your resume if you have one e.g. GitHub) U.S. citizenship is required for this position 
ScrapedJobID554:

ScrapedJobID555:
Defining documentation standards and helping on glossary and taxonomy projects; Managing the documentation process, including the creation, edition, versioning, proofreading, and publishing of documentation; Organizing and rationalizing documentation for multiple products while using or building templates; Writing and improving technical documentation for the developers, this includes identifying specific needs for developers, supporting content creators, and analyzing developers’ requirements and craft documentation structures that suit their daily tasks; Implementing workflows to ensure the documentation is kept up to date and relevant; Editing, clarifying, and proofreading of technical documents written by your colleagues, and coach non-writers on ways to improve their writing skills as needed; Completing writing assignments according to set standards regarding order, clarity, conciseness, style, and terminology; Combining text with supporting visual elements in order to present complex information in a manner that can be easily understood by the target audience. Minimum 5 years of experience in technical writing; Experience working on or closely with software development teams; Experience designing and delivering developer documentation; Experience with Confluence, Gitlab, Jira; Experience working with agile project management methodologies; Excellent organization and priority management skills; Ability to make complex information accessible; Ability to understand quickly basic operating standards and procedures; Proactivity in finding the information needed; English and French spoken and written. Your CV, highlighting your background and skills 
ScrapedJobID556:
Position based in Halifax, Nova Scotia. Will consider remote. Study results of game usability tests and generate reports outlining player behavior Study live player data and work with game design team to reconcile design intent Work closely in support of Product Manager to generate ad hoc reports from player data or usability studies Segment players into useful actionable groups Fully engage in gameplay throughout the development process and provide context to data and reporting Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports Support the development of data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality Work independently to identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in data sets Filter and clean data as needed Work closely with management to prioritize business and information needs 5+ years of experience in game research and player data analysis Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques Strong knowledge of, and experience with, reporting packages (Tableau Software, Power BI etc…), and ability to query database and generate reports Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing large datasets Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings BS in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management, Behavioral Psychology or Statistics (or comparable) Proven ability to analyze player behavior within a live game Passion for playing and studying games Passion for data, trends and analysis Strong interpersonal skills; comfortable dealing with a wide range of people from executive management to offshore developers Excellent communication skills (verbal and written), ability to present complex technical information to non-technical business users Able to handle multiple tasks in a fast paced environment and adjust to frequent changes in requirements and deadlines Seasoned communicator that is comfortable on email, phone and IM, and has ability to effectively manage communication style up, across and down a management structure, within a diversely skilled organization in multiple locations Strong attention to detail, accuracy, accountability and deadlines, with excellent organizational, time-management, multi-tasking and project management capabilities Organized, reliable self-starter with strong creative thinking, analytical, problem-solving, decision-making and interpersonal skills Ability to work independently and collaboratively Ability to communicate reporting deliverables with both technical and non-technical internal stakeholders Has a positive attitude and thrives in fast-paced, interactive environment 
ScrapedJobID557:
Coder la logique Front-End et intégrer l'IU et les animations Créer de nouvelles fonctionnalités Développer un logiciel efficace, maintenable, fiable et évolutif Programmer de façon claire et structurée en respectant les contraintes liées aux plateformes mobiles Travailler au sein d'une petite équipe collaborative d'ingénieurs logiciels, designers et chef de produit dans un environnement Agile pour comprendre les exigences, évaluer le niveau d'effort et planifier les tâches de développement Coding front-end logic and integrating UI and animations Creating new functionalities Developing efficient, maintainable, reliable, and scalable software Programming in a structured, clear manner that is in keeping with the constraints inherent to mobile platforms Working on a small, collaborative team of software engineers, designers and product managers in an Agile environment to understand requirements, estimate the level of effort, and plan out development tasks Expert avec React Native, React, Javascript, GraphQL Expérience avec Flow, native modules, React Navigation, Apollo Client, un atout Baccalauréat en informatique 2 ans d'expérience minimum sur des applications ou jeux qui ont attiré au moins quelques centaines de milliers de joueurs actifs quotidiennement Expérience dans l'intégration d'interface utilisateur, l'animation personnalisée Expert in React, React Native, Javascript, GraphQL Experience with Flow, native modules, React Navigation, Apollo Client is an asset Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science 2+ years working with an app or a game that has attracted at least a few hundred thousand daily active users Worked on integrating user interface, custom animation Parce que vous voulez vivre une expérience exceptionnelle, au sein d'une entreprise en constante évolution ! Parce que vous voulez travailler avec des collègues talentueux et pionniers dans l’industrie ! Parce que l’idée d’ouvrir vos horizons à une culture internationale et au partage de connaissances avec des collègues à l’autre bout du monde vous enchante ! Ou tout simplement parce que vous recherchez un endroit où il y fait bon travailler ! Horaire flexible Dès votre embauche, 3 semaines de vacances et des congés mobiles Congé offert entre Noël et le jour de l'An pour bien débuter la nouvelle année Programme de REER collectif avec participation de l'employeur Programme d'assurances collectives avantageux Accès gratuit à une clinique médicale virtuelle 24h/24, 7 jours/7 Programme d'aide aux employés et à leur famille immédiate Programme de remboursement partiel pour votre déplacement au bureau (transport en commun et/ou stationnement) Accompagnement lors de toute relocalisation pour les nouveaux collaborateurs en provenance de pays ou de régions hors Québec Programme de référencement avec bonus Activités et prix offerts régulièrement par le comité social Local à vélos sécurisé et montant offert pour encourager le transport actif (période estivale) Collations offertes quotidiennement (fruits, café, etc.) 4@7 les vendredis Espaces de jeux Terrasse sur le toit Studio à proximité du parc Jarry et des nombreux attraits du Mile-Ex et de la Petite-Italie Activités physiques organisées à même le studio ou au parc Jarry (ex. : yoga) Because you want to be part of an exceptional experience within a company that is constantly growing! Because you want to work with talented people who are industry pioneers! Because you want to join a global company and meet great people around the world from all walks of life. Or, just because you’re looking for a great place to work! Flexible schedule 3 weeks’ vacation and mobile days off, available as of your start date Time off between Christmas and New Year’s Day to help you start the year off on the right foot Group RRSP program with employer contributions Great group insurance program Free 24/7 access to a virtual medical clinic The Employee and Family Assistance Program Partial reimbursement of your commuting costs (for public transit and/or parking) Support for new employees relocating from countries or regions outside Quebec Referral program with bonuses Regular activities and prizes courtesy of our Social Committee Secure bike storage room and a subsidy to encourage active transportation (during the summer) Daily snacks (fruit, coffee, etc.) Friday happy hours A game room A rooftop terrace Studio located near Jarry Park and the charming Mile-Ex and Little Italy neighbourhoods Fitness classes at the studio itself or at Jarry Park (e.g., yoga) 
ScrapedJobID558:
Define, present and follow up on the development strategy for the game; Help define the scope and deliverables of the project; Manage the budgets for the project; Build an inter-project network and optimally organize the work plan; Manage risks and approve contingency plans; Follow up on projects and communicate status to executives; Meet with external collaborators. Work with the Brand/Product Director to define the game’s market positioning. Ensure alignment on all deliverables to ensure successful marketing plans to support the game throughout production and into launch. Create an environment that fosters and encourages team members to bring the best ideas forward for the project; Support the creative direction and ensure that it meets the quality standards for the game and target market; In collaboration with technical teams, make technology choices that support the game vision and development (tools and engine); Ensure that teams optimize technology and best practice sharing; Ensure that the game meets quality standards. Help structure and support the project team; Help define talent needs for the project and recruit the best candidates; In collaboration with the leads and managers on the project, ensure that the team is engaged and working efficiently; Foster and take an active role in the career development of team members. Minimum 8 years of relevant experience in project management, ideally in progressive leadership roles; Must have project management experience in a game development environment; Must have demonstrated the ability to deliver large, complex projects (quality standards, budget constraints and effective team output); Have shipped a minimum of one AAA game title in a management or project management role; Management experience on an online-first game with a live service focus; Experience advocating for the project with different stakeholders, including business, publishing, first-party and media. Knowledge of Web Technologies (HTML and others); Passion for video games and the desire to have fun at work! Extensive knowledge of the video game market and industry; Excellent communication skills; Ability to speak and write in English fluently; Influential leadership; Analytical and problem-solving aptitude; Experience in recruiting and selecting team members; Capacity to analyze risk and make contingency plans; Creative and innovative; Proactive, dynamic and diplomatic; Results-oriented and works extremely well under pressure. A hybrid, flexible work model Six weeks of vacation An enhanced parental leave program Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefits Package: Disability Insurance Dental Insurance Extended medical insurance (Optional) RRSP contribution Relocation Assistance Bonus (If Applicable) 
ScrapedJobID559:
Working with external team to build high-end showcases for Unity Developing features, workflows or tools as needed in collaboration with our partner teams Optimizing systems and tools to work with massive data sets Working with premiere technology inside Unity to tackle ambitious problems and improve our tools before release. AAA game development experience with several titles shipped on PC or Console Excellent and current programming skills. C/C++, C# Strong optimization and debugging skills. Great communication skills and ability to work effectively on shared projects with designers, artists, testers, and other developers Experience with Unity, Unreal, CryEngine or other 3D game engines Experience with animation programming and procedural animation techniques. A love of writing good tools and workflows for all kinds of game developers Realtime networked multiplayer game experience, specifically with rollback prediction models. 
ScrapedJobID560:
Participates in requirement gathering, solution design and presentation Participates and may lead development of written design specifications for projects and products, as well as review design specifications written by others. Provides accurate estimates for design specifications, and is accountable for these estimates. Produces maintainable, reusable and PCI complaint code with unit tests, and participates in code reviews as guided by the Manager, Development. Works with customer service and project management teams to provide engineering support to T2’s production issues. Collaborates with other development teams for designing and documenting integration APIs. Provides technical support to other staff. Provides recommendations on architectural direction, product direction and development tools. Mentors junior developers Champion for coding best practices and responsible for guiding and helping development team follow standards Supports corporate goals and objectives and pro-actively addresses issues as appropriate. Continually evaluates departmental processes and external tools and technologies for improvement opportunities specifically for the department and for T2 products in general. Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science/Engineering or related field 6+ years of professional experience developing services with Java Working knowledge of version control using Git Familiarity with secure coding practices, OWASP Top 10 and CWE Top 25 Ability to work on or lead multiple projects at once Ability to convert Product Requirements into High Level Designs and present Ability to coach and mentor developers Strong knowledge of micro-service architecture Strong knowledge and experience using the following:
Java 8+
Frameworks: Spring, Hibernate, JUnit
Apache Kafka
REST API design
MySQL, MongoDB
Swagger – API Documentation Java 8+ Frameworks: Spring, Hibernate, JUnit Apache Kafka REST API design MySQL, MongoDB Swagger – API Documentation Experience with following are an asset
Flyway scripts
SonarQube
Docker Container
Keycloak Auth
Postman
Jenkins - Build Flyway scripts SonarQube Docker Container Keycloak Auth Postman Jenkins - Build Experience in Agile Development such as SCRUM is desired Experience with Payment Integrations is desired Experience in Parking industry is an asset Health & Wellness: We offer competitive medical, dental, and vision coverage, health spending accounts, and health and wellness education sessions. Because your well-being is important to us. Retirement Plans: As a forward-thinking company, we see the value in planning for the future. So we help you plan for yours with 401(k) (US) and RRSP (Canada) plans with employer match. Work-Life Balance: We understand that burnout is real and that work-life balance is important. Which is why we offer 3 weeks paid vacation upon starting, as well as flexibility to work remotely. Events & Activities: Part of having a good work-life balance is having fun, which we love to do! Whether it’s a party, a potluck, or a game of ping pong or foosball, we know how to have a good time. Snacks & Drinks: Working smart works up an appetite, and we’ve got you covered. Our offices are fully stocked with snacks, fresh fruit, coffee, tea, soda, and beer on tap. Open Communication: In addition to having regular “state of the company” updates, our leadership team’s doors are always open – including our CEO – because winning as a team starts at the top. Amazing people to work with! 
ScrapedJobID561:
Influence and guide the development team towards continuous improvement and higher quality Grow and improve our automated tests, framework and infrastructure Collaborate with the development teams to ensure the delivery of great software across multiple platforms C# skills Problem solver with a natural investigative ability to seek the best solution, not the fastest Experience as an automation specialist, developing and executing testing plans for large complex software projects Experience with Unity platform or other Real Time 3D engine. Experience in performance, code analysis, and debugging tools Continuous Integration/Continuous Development tools experience Experience with Cloud technologies Influencer et guider l'équipe de développement vers une amélioration continue et une qualité toujours plus élevée Développer et améliorer nos tests automatisés, notre environnement et nos frameworks Collaborer avec les équipes de développement pour assurer la livraison de logiciels de haute qualité sur de multiples plateformes Des compétences avec C# Un don naturel à enquêter afin de résoudre des problèmes en cherchant la meilleure solution, et non la plus rapide Une expérience en tant que spécialiste de l'automatisation dans le développement et l'exécution de plans de test pour de grands projets logiciels complexes Une expérience avec la plateforme Unity ou tout autre moteur de rendu 3D en temps réel Une expérience avec les outils de performance, d'analyse de code et de débogage Une expérience avec les outils d'intégration et de développement en continu Une expérience en matière de technologies infonuagiques 
ScrapedJobID562:
A competitive salary and vacation time Medical and dental coverage Professional development and education opportunities Team outings, lunches, and BBQ feasts Proudly supporting the Vancouver tech community at fun events Contribute to the architecture of the solution to ensure it satisfies the requirements, design, implementation, and deployment Write clean code to develop functional web applications Troubleshoot and debug applications Collaborate with the Front End Developers and other team members to integrate user-facing elements with server-side logic Follow new and emerging technologies Proven 3+ years of experience as a Backend Developer in a professional environment Strong development experience in Node.js and PHP and solid OOP design skills Comfortable with data modeling and query optimization Experience using JS testing ecosystem and AWS Knowledge of JS, HTML5, and CSS Great collaboration, communication, and teamwork skills Quick to learn and apply new concepts and technologies Detail oriented and meticulous about clean coding standards and stable functionality Quiet place, free from distractions to work from home Familiarity with microservices and serverless architecture Experience with TypeScript or any statically typed language Experience with CI/CD pipelines Knowledge of domain driven design Post-secondary degree in Computer Science or relevant field Gaming or comparable industry experience Passion for social casino games Experience playing Web, iOS, and/or Android games Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Tuition reimbursement Work from home 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID563:
Designing, building, delivering, and operating high-quality (reliable and intuitive to use) software systems, collaboratively with your cross functional team Identifying opportunities to advance Canalyst’s state of the art, and taking responsibility to make it happen Guiding and coaching less experienced developers in their approach to debugging, design and application of various software development paradigms Building relationships and communicating effectively with other parts of the company (the rest of Engineering, Product Management, Equity Research, Marketing and Sales) Participating in demos for Engineering, Product Management and perhaps the company at large Have a strong foundation in computing science fundamentals, such as algorithmic complexity, asynchronicity and distributed computing Have experience in shipping pragmatic and high quality solutions with a sense of urgency Believe in and strive for uneventful and predictable code releases, and expect that they happen many times each day, supported by robust Continuous Integration and Delivery pipelines and extensive test coverage Have a strong sense of ownership Have a sense of humor and strong collaboration skills Building end to end tests and Integration tests using popular testing tools like UFT Developing User Defined Functions / Custom Functions using VSTO or Office 365 add-ins. Working on SDK libraries for third-party use Working knowledge of GraphQL or RESTful APIs A background or interest in financial modeling, financial technology, or capital markets Regularly scheduled learning opportunities (software related reading groups, and market recaps from senior members of the Equity Research team, for example) A day put aside every month to work on something that inspires you Continuous coaching and skills development with your manager Social events and online games to keep things interesting Observe and give presentations - show off stuff you’ve built or learn about businesses that analysts have researched Annual continuing education budget to support you with what you need to be successful 
ScrapedJobID564:
Concevoir, documenter et superviser l'exécution économique du développement d'un nouveau jeu, ou d'une nouvelle fonctionnalité dans un jeu existant, afin d'améliorer les KPI. Agir à titre d'autorité et de propriétaire pour toute la documentation économique clé d'un jeu, y compris les sources, les "sinks" (siphons) et les modèles de progression. Travailler en étroite collaboration avec une équipe de chefs de produit, d'analystes de données, de concepteurs de jeux et de développeurs dans la prise en charge de tout ce qui a trait à l'économie pendant le cycle de vie du produit. Fournir régulièrement à l'équipe de développement des mises à jour basées sur les tests, concernant le comportement des utilisateurs, les statistiques et les prix, durant le développement et après la sortie du jeu. Développer, gérer et itérer sur de nouveaux systèmes de jeu afin de créer une expérience équilibrée pour les joueurs. Designing, documenting, and supervising the economic execution of development of a new game, or a new feature in an existing game, to improve KPIs. Serving as the authority on, and owner of, all key economic documentation throughout a game title, including taps, sinks, and progression models. Working closely with a team of product managers, data analysts, fellow game designers, and developers in support of all things economy-related in the product’s life cycle. Regularly providing the development team with updates based on tests regarding user behavior, statistics, and prices, both during development and after the game’s release. Developing, managing, and iterating new game systems with the goal of creating a balanced player experience. Diplôme universitaire en conception de jeu, mathématiques, économie et/ou un domaine connexe Au moins 1 an d'expérience en tant que concepteur économique, concepteur de systèmes ou concepteur d'événements intra-jeux ou rôle similaire Excellentes compétences en analyse de données et connaissance des logiciels et des tableaux de bord de visualisation Connaissance et intérêt porté à des sujets de monétisation et des meilleures pratiques Passion pour le développement de jeux et la création d'expériences captivantes pour les joueurs à l'aide de modèles de progression quantitatifs Maîtrise de Microsoft Excel pour la simulation et la prévision d'économies de jeu complexes Connaissance de base des fonctions mathématiques, des modelés et de l’arithmétique Diplôme universitaire en mathématiques, informatique ou statistiques Expérience avec Unity Connaissance de SQL et de l'exploration de données A university degree in game design, mathematics, economics, and/or a related field A minimum of 1 years of experience as an economy designer, systems designer, live ops designer or similar position Strong data-analysis skills and familiarity with visualization software and dashboards Knowledge and interest on subjects related to monetization and best practices A passion for game development and creating captivating player experiences through quantitative progression models Proficiency in Microsoft Excel with experience in simulating and forecasting complex game economies Basic knowledge of mathematical functions, models and arithmetic A university degree in mathematics, computer science, or statistics Experience with Unity Familiarity with SQL and Data Mining Parce que vous voulez vivre une expérience exceptionnelle, au sein d'une entreprise en constante évolution ! Parce que vous voulez travailler avec des collègues talentueux et pionniers dans l’industrie ! Parce que l’idée d’ouvrir vos horizons à une culture internationale et au partage de connaissances avec des collègues à l’autre bout du monde vous enchante ! Ou tout simplement parce que vous recherchez un endroit où il y fait bon travailler ! Horaire flexible Dès votre embauche, 3 semaines de vacances et des congés mobiles Congé offert entre Noël et le jour de l'An pour bien débuter la nouvelle année Programme de REER collectif avec participation de l'employeur Programme d'assurances collectives avantageux Accès gratuit à une clinique médicale virtuelle 24h/24, 7 jours/7 Programme d'aide aux employés et à leur famille immédiate Programme de remboursement partiel pour votre déplacement au bureau (transport en commun et/ou stationnement) Accompagnement lors de toute relocalisation pour les nouveaux collaborateurs en provenance de pays ou de régions hors Québec Programme de référencement avec bonus Activités et prix offerts régulièrement par le comité social Local à vélos sécurisé et montant offert pour encourager le transport actif (période estivale) Collations offertes quotidiennement (fruits, café, etc.) 4@7 les vendredis Espaces de jeux Terrasse sur le toit Studio à proximité du parc Jarry et des nombreux attraits du Mile-Ex et de la Petite-Italie Activités physiques organisées à même le studio ou au parc Jarry (ex. : yoga) Because you want to be part of an exceptional experience within a company that is constantly growing! Because you want to work with talented people who are industry pioneers! Because you want to join a global company and meet great people around the world from all walks of life. Or, just because you’re looking for a great place to work! Flexible schedule 3 weeks’ vacation and mobile days off, available as of your start date Time off between Christmas and New Year’s Day to help you start the year off on the right foot Group RRSP program with employer contributions Great group insurance program Free 24/7 access to a virtual medical clinic The Employee and Family Assistance Program Partial reimbursement of your commuting costs (for public transit and/or parking) Support for new employees relocating from countries or regions outside Quebec Referral program with bonuses Regular activities and prizes courtesy of our Social Committee Secure bike storage room and a subsidy to encourage active transportation (during the summer) Daily snacks (fruit, coffee, etc.) Friday happy hours A game room A rooftop terrace Studio located near Jarry Park and the charming Mile-Ex and Little Italy neighbourhoods Fitness classes at the studio itself or at Jarry Park (e.g., yoga) 
ScrapedJobID565:
Work with the director and studio leadership to clearly understand the concept, style, and intent of videos being produced Assemble live-action, gameplay, and animated footage into trailers and promotional content as needed Edit and work with music, dialogue, and sound FX Create motion graphics and FX Color balance videos Guide the video production team in best practices for footage and content management Self-manage reviews, feedback, and scheduling of work Oversee the quality and progress of editing and audio and video engineering Experiment with styles and techniques including the design of graphic elements Suggesting and/or selecting music other tasks as needed Proven work experience as a video editor/motion graphic designer Bilingual in English and Mandarin (Since our projects are mostly from China directly, able to read Chinese is a request skillset.) Must be able to use After Effect, (especially plugins of Trapcode Particular, Saber, Optical Flares), Adobe Premiere, Adobe Photoshop, Knowledge in Unity 3D will be a plus. Creative mind and storytelling skills Self Starter, Good Communication, Open-minded, Team player, Positive Attitude 
ScrapedJobID566:
Collaborate with your fellow colleagues to build, operate, and progress the Harbour platform. Foster relationships with service development teams to understand their online needs and provide guidance. Act as a studio-wide reference on code scalability, resiliency architecture, deployment automation, risk management, and more. Implement tools and work methods to facilitate the safe and controlled deployment of services + set up and improve incident management processes. Monitor the platform, keeping an ever-watchful eye on availability, latency, performance, and capacity + diagnose and resolve technical issues. Take part in an on-call rotation to handle live service emergencies. Create and maintain technical documentation to transfer knowledge. Security expertise with Cloud providers (AWS) through orchestration, containerization and network management. Experience in site reliability, software development, or system administration (or other relevant experience) Proficiency in either Python, C#, or Go In-depth knowledge of Docker and Kubernetes, CI/CD processes, and public cloud services (preferably AWS) Experience with:
Agile methodologyconfiguration management software, like AnsibleLinux systems administrationa version control system, such as GitInfrastructure as Code tools, like Terraform Agile methodology configuration management software, like Ansible Linux systems administration a version control system, such as Git Infrastructure as Code tools, like Terraform A desire to automate everything possible & to understand current limitations and find ways to overcome them Critical thinking, resourcefulness, and plenty of flexibility Solid interpersonal and communication skills A collaborative, innovative, and user-centric spirit An investigative approach to problem-solving: you’re not one to scratch the surface; you care to get to the root cause of issues and come up with long-term solutions to resolve them Your CV, highlighting your background and skills 
ScrapedJobID567:
Participate in game design discussions and contribute valuable ideas to all aspects of the project Work with the Creative Director and design team to define and communicate a clear vision for the game Develop prototypes to explore gameplay concepts, and iterate based on constructive feedback Design and implement amazing gameplay experiences through collaboration with the broader team Create and maintain clear and effective design documentation Experience in professional game development shipping multiple AAA titles, ideally with Unreal Engine Broad design experience in areas such as character and vehicle movement, content, systems, and progression Strong creative problem-solving, math, and analytical skills A deep understanding of the state of the art in game design and interactivity Excellent communication and collaboration skills Strong initiative, and ability to drive cross-discipline efforts An added value would be a degree in Computer Science, Game Design, or other related field 
ScrapedJobID568:
planning algorithms to maximize the use of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) a missile defense simulation to test new strategies and algorithms a social discovery platform for intelligence analysts a malware analysis tool for cyber defense to understand how threats change over time a suite of web-based mash-up tools for people to combine data in new and interesting ways game AI for virtual characters in simulation-based training environments informative data visualizations across map, timeline, and network displays Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field

Two or more years of professional software development experience, ideally with exposure to the full software lifecycle

Proficiency in several programming languages (including Java) and technology stacks across desktop and web applications

Experience with user interface (UI) development

Experience working on many projects of various size, individually and as part of a team

Keen to learn more about new languages and frameworks

Experience using third-party libraries, frameworks, tools, and infrastructures Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field Two or more years of professional software development experience, ideally with exposure to the full software lifecycle Proficiency in several programming languages (including Java) and technology stacks across desktop and web applications Experience with user interface (UI) development Experience working on many projects of various size, individually and as part of a team Keen to learn more about new languages and frameworks Experience using third-party libraries, frameworks, tools, and infrastructures Experience with artificial intelligence or machine learning techniques

Experience participating in hackathons and coding competitions

Experience leading or contributing to open source software

Experience with prototyping technologies and tools

Experience with agile software development methodologies like Scrum

Experience with mobile development Experience with artificial intelligence or machine learning techniques Experience participating in hackathons and coding competitions Experience leading or contributing to open source software Experience with prototyping technologies and tools Experience with agile software development methodologies like Scrum Experience with mobile development Code and writing samples may be requested (please include a link to source code on your resume if you have one e.g. GitHub)

U.S. citizenship is required for this position Code and writing samples may be requested (please include a link to source code on your resume if you have one e.g. GitHub)

U.S. citizenship is required for this position Code and writing samples may be requested (please include a link to source code on your resume if you have one e.g. GitHub) U.S. citizenship is required for this position 
ScrapedJobID569:
Reporting to the Head of Mobile, in this role you will be working on our client-facing engineering team to build new and exciting applications - from the planning and architecture phases to implementation and testing. Working closely with our product and design teams, you will be required to break down large-scale feature sets into smaller, fast-paced deliverables, building fast, optimized, and user-friendly iOS framework. You will have the opportunity to expand your development skill set, learn new development approaches, stay ahead of the latest technologies, and participate in building SDKs and frameworks. Participate in design activity, and implement flows and mockups as illustrated by the UX design team, while intelligently and creatively "filling in the gaps" Regularly collaborate with members across the scrum teams Regularly identify ways to refactor code supporting continuous improvement of SDKs Participate in regular code reviews Solid understanding of multithreaded applications, Shared Data, Directed Graphs, and Dependency Management Strong understanding of Value and Reference semantics Help in building new and exciting features within our SDKs Create a full range of unit/automated tests to ensure your applications, as well as SDK functions, are reliable, quick, and optimized Learn about and introduce new technologies/frameworks that help make development easier Provide mentorship to other team members Bachelor degree in Computer Science or equivalent degree 5+ years of experience in iOS development and deep understanding of iOS frameworks Knowledge of MVP, MVVM, and MVC architecture design patterns Knowledge of Objective-C Knowledge and experience developing applications using Swift 4.2+. Experience developing applications using Xcode 10.1+ and iOS SDK 9.0+ Knowledge of frameworks such as HealthKit, Notification Center, CoreData, CoreMotion, CoreBluetooth, CoreLocation Knowledge of implementing caching techniques within iOS Knowledge in creating both automated and unit tests Knowledge in Git workflows and agile development Familiarity in building and managing dynamic frameworks Excellent communication and documentation skills Perks: Time when you need it: generous vacation policy (plus holiday time off in December!) Various social events to connect with your team members Annual events, hackathons, and lunch ‘n learnsMonthly office socials Weekly build-your-own breakfast and lunch bars Daily healthy snacks and drinks (Don’t worry, we have chips too!)Your choice between Mac and PC to customize your workstation Game room with ping pong and chess etc. Community volunteer opportunities Benefits: The opportunity to join a forward-thinking company surrounded by a collaborative team of innovative thinkers A rewarding career path with diverse and global opportunities for professional development A competitive compensation and benefits package: 100% Employer paid health and dental benefits for regular, full-time employees Internal training to support your growth and enhance your skills: generous learning and development budget for our employees to attend conferences, classes and other events 
ScrapedJobID570:
Support, troubleshoot, and fix colour issues as they come up when a show is in production to assist in meeting delivery deadlines. Oversees the implementation of color and format manipulation graphs for ingesting and delivery of material with the client; Oversees manipulation and continuity of EXR metadata (required when dealing with ACES); Oversees 'white-balance workflow for a show; Implements grades and alternate looks or custom color spaces as required by the show; Work with IT to ensure that color and displays are calibrated and used correctly on artist and supervisor workstations as well as in the screening rooms; Color correction on additional shots for completed projects Ensures artist and supervisor-level color training. Work with the development team to design and implement projects supporting the studio’s colour pipeline. Attend regular “stand-up” meetings with developers for active development projects pertaining to colour. Preparation of data for the Color Grading suite Export graded data from the Color Grading suites Various colour special projects that come up as we push technology forward. Set up and manage show specs in MARZ inventory level based on client provided technical Show Specs (or MARZ Standard specs), including but not limited to managing LUT & CDL ingestions, managing comp v000 color processes, managing resolution, and file formats, managing color formats, and color spaces Work with the pipeline to develop color and imaging tools Work with CG and Compositing department to resolve any format or color-related issues Excellent knowledge of colour science principles and implementation techniques Excellent knowledge of end-to-end VFX workflows from on-set to delivery Demonstrable knowledge of Nuke or a similar compositing package Excellent organization, time management, communication, and interpersonal skills Keen attention to detail and aptitude for problem-solving The ability to work well under pressure and meet deadlines while maintaining high-quality results The ability to work successfully as part of a team as well as independently The ability to be flexible and adaptable whilst working within a pre-set workflow or pipeline, but also the creativity and problem-solving skills to work around issues Knowledge of compositing process Experience in Nuke Strong technical knowledge of the visual effects pipeline as a whole Basic knowledge of Python or PyQT scripting is an asset, but not required 
ScrapedJobID571:
Lead and execute the internal communications plan for all people-related narrative threads and issues Manage the internal communications calendar, and the production of all employee-facing speaker series and town halls Work closely with our Director, Brand Communications to ensure we have integrated, inside-out communications across all of our channels and audience groups Support leaders and cross-functional partners from across the business with their employee-facing communications Lead operational and change communications internally Support reactive communications for sensitive issues internally, as needed Introduce new internal channels that leverage digital to enable simple and streamlined communication and collaboration Provide overall leadership to Bosa’s future intranet Build and manage internal email campaigns Execute day-to-day emails on behalf of HR Create and execute brand content at our facilities to engage employees Design basic internal creative, such as email headers and training materials, in line with our Bosa Family Companies brand guidelines Support the refresh of our employer brand and help ensure that all of our content and messaging is consistent across internal and external channels Create and execute a content strategy across key employer brand channels, including LinkedIn, our Careers page on web and Glassdoor Create content that reflects our values, brings our employer brand story to life and helps candidates understand what they can expect from a career with Bosa Family Companies Equip our Talent Acquisition team with content, creative and copy for all channels and events that support their interactions with candidates and help them attract great talent Support the organization and execution of large-scale in-person events designed to drive a best-in-class culture and connect our employees – including staff parties, Bosa Games and our signature development event, Bosa Connect Support communication needs for the Bosa Family Foundation Drive employee engagement programming including volunteer opportunities, team recognition and cultural moments Help ensure major company and culture initiatives are rolled out powerfully to our employees, in collaboration with initiative owners A minimum of 5 years’ experience in communications, marketing, HR and/or organizational development Strong writing skills above all, along with a healthy balance of visual communication and speaking skills An innovative approach to communications, leveraging technology and a variety of formats to meet specific audience needs You are adept at calmly and effectively managing fast-moving and unexpected communications within tight timelines Flexibility with tasks—you’re nimble, have a “can-do” attitude and are willing to take on anything and everything You build trusted relationships and work well with others You’re a lifelong learner Medical and Dental Coverage: Our industry leading benefits package covers you and your dependents at no cost RRSP Matching: We support your future goals by matching up to 5% of your salary Friends and Family Program: Early and exclusive access to our newly released projects BOSAconnect™: Our annual development conference that is hosted by our leadership and complemented by a range of world-class speakers and workshop experts. BOSALeads: Our proprietary Leadership Development program designed to support your continued growth, development and leadership capabilities; Professional Development and Education Support 
ScrapedJobID572:
Thoroughly monitor and discuss all live NBA and WNBA content (as well as historical archives) with the goal of identifying candidate plays that would resonate with Top Shot collectors. Provide editorial guidance and feedback in the video cutting process for highlights that appear in the product, with the goal of sufficiently capturing the excitement of the chosen play. Scour available photo databases for thumbnail images that capture the context of and provide additional value to the Moments, while working within the framework defined by our relationship with company partners. Edit, refine and polish the media assets to be included in the render of potential Moments based on the feedback of key stakeholders. Work closely with marketing and creative teams to ensure that the most compelling and captivating aspects of our content are identified and made available to be featured in promotional campaigns. You live and breathe basketball with expert-level knowledge of the sport, past and present. You’re comfortable and familiar with the names and faces of all current NBA and WNBA rosters, with a solid grasp of past personnel and the pertinent historical context of each league. You not only appreciate the game on a personal level but understand modern-day fandom, new media and the role that a product like NBA Top Shot can play in shaping basketball culture. You have a keen eye for compelling video content and an intimate understanding of the editing process. You have first-hand experience editing photos for publication either online or in print. You understand the visceral impact that compelling media has on viewers and embrace the challenge of making captivating, beautiful content. 
ScrapedJobID573:
Highly competitive extended health and dental plans for you and your family A yearly RRSP contribution on company’s behalf, plus employee contribution matching program to help you grow your financial well-being An annual performance bonus Paid time off to volunteer and give back to the community, on your own or as a part of a group with your co-workers Free convenient parking, or choose the green transportation option and be paid for it Social Committee events almost every month, from potlucks, game nights and LAN parties to camping and skiing Substantially discounted membership to a local gym in the Selkirk area Awards and recognition for service and accomplishments Assistance with tuition or skills training relevant to your role …and most importantly, a genuinely great culture fostered by the senior management team and sustained by fantastic people! Front line tech support to incoming calls from our dealer network, mostly on the phone, and by e-mail Test and verification of firmware and software within our QA department Support internet connectivity setup issues, creation of WAN’s with routers and Reliable’s IP based products To work with internal technical staff to identify potential product issues Troubleshoot hardware, software or networking issues by replicating, visualizing and analyzing each problem Document trouble tickets, and maintain a database of support issues Understand the application of the software so that all elements of the application can be properly tested Fully understand the Reliable Controls product line, including software and hardware products. Use this knowledge to help people less educated on the products. A minimum of 3 years of experience in a technical support capacity A minimum of 3 years of demonstrated customer service experience within a fast-paced environment A Diploma/Degree in Information and Computer Systems, networking, HVAC or electronics Background in HVAC controls industry, electronics, or related trade would be an asset Outstanding customer service, communication and active listening skills A strong software, computing and IT background is necessary Solid understanding of IP networks and networking technologies Hands-on experience and understanding of hardware and electronics Ability to accurately log, track and manage support calls Ability to think critically, troubleshoot proactively and solve complex problems Strong understanding of SQL databases would be an asset 
ScrapedJobID574:
3 + years of experience working in a software quality engineering capacity with a focus on automation testing Knowledge of test automation tools, test and defect management tools such as Jira, Bugzilla etc. Knowledge of overall architecture of websites, mobile applications, set top boxes, and online games Understanding of quality assurance best practices and software testing methodology Enterprise-grade services testing/QA experience Charles Proxy/Postman other HTTP Proxy services experience Hands-on knowledge of coding/scripting language (at least one is a must) Hands-on experience (not only record/play automation tools experience) in writing code with tools like Selenium, Appium etc. Familiarity with general web tech (Headers, Cookies, URL manipulation, etc) Exposure to OTT devices (Roku/Chromecast) Development experience is considered an asset Demonstrated ability to measure general quality of software and optimize processes Worked in a project environment which followed Agile methodology Strong attention to detail, and possess analytical and problem solving skills Work well in an ever-changing, fast paced, high pressure environment that requires meeting tight deadlines. Ability to work independently as well as in a group of team members including developers, project managers, directors, and clients Excellent written and verbal communication skills Willingness to learn, adapt to new technologies and tools Fully company-funded health, vision, dental, and life insurance coverage with access to an online doctor Pension plan contribution matching Healthy living allowance Annual professional development allowance Bi-weekly and monthly Project and Tech shares Annual salary and performance reviews A flexible work environment with remote work options, in office opportunities or a mixed approach Financial relocation assistance Social and team building events Charitable donation matching 
ScrapedJobID575:
Working in an open and collaborative environment Competitive compensation and benefits package Work from home office option Employee discounts for Bosch products Access to global network of industry experts for collaboration or new learning Free drinks, coffee, and snacks Monthly office lunches alongside town halls Recreational outlets such as table tennis, foosball and PS4 games Evaluate what solution works best and what doesn’t; you’ll confidently make decisions with a “Customer-First” mentality Approach problems with a quality-centric approach and won’t settle for solutions that are “good enough” - you will strive to create the best solution possible Collaborate with different stakeholders across the business to ensure correct features are delivered on time Coach and mentor team members, strengthening the team Build scalable and reliable multi-server solutions, architecting and designing SaaS solutions, knowing the best technologies to use to solve problems Drive proper software architecture design and development practices 5+ years of experience developing backend solutions Expertise with Java EE (full stack), Java persistence API, Java SE, JEE Experienced with Springboot 2 Experienced with Kubernetes & Container Technology (Docker, Podman, containerd, etc.) Experienced with Microservices, server design patterns and best practices Understands full scope of system; from infrastructure to deployment and operations Proficiency with deployments in both cloud and customer environments Effective in working in Agile Scrum, and DevOps culture Follow a Clean Code approach and understand it's benefits Experience with SQL, NoSql, and other database technologies Security Architecture and Solutions Practical cryptography experience CI/CD Proficiency with full scope of testing - unit, integration, system, load, etc. 
ScrapedJobID576:
Build and implement HR strategy - offer thought leadership regarding organizational and people-related strategy and execution Provide insights to guide decision-making and offer proactive solutions. Provide expertise and mentor managers on appropriate people management practices, i.e. org design, performance management, rewards & recognition, and retention Build and maintain employee morale and culture for teams you support as well as develop high-functioning organizations Be the glue that brings all relevant information from multiple partners to help motivate change and translate to best practices Develop a positive relationship with all relevant external partners such as finance and recruiting to ensure all budgets and headcount are carried out towards plan Experience in a strategic HR role, working directly with senior-level management, preferably having partnered with a commercial/go-to-market organization before Exercise judgement with sensitive/confidential issues - strong coaching, conflict resolution, relationship, and team-building skills, and a proven ability to influence others Thrives in the grey where problems are not clearly defined and not all processes are fully built out - can dig into the weeds as needed to execute with excellence Ability to work autonomously with a remote manager Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience. MBA or MA in HR-related field is preferred Passionate about the employee and manager experience An appetite to try new and creative approaches Project Management Experience 
ScrapedJobID577:
Develop software to automate chaos and resiliency test cases that simulate failures in a system that performs financial data processing. Build a re-usable software library using a combination of open-source software and in-house technology that will be made available to other software developers at the Firm. Analyze new system architectures to identify single points of failure and other areas that may present a resiliency deficiency. Design tests to Execute the tests as part of nightly builds and Game Days. Software programming experience in distributed languages E.g. Java, Python, C++, Perl Etc. Hands on software development or test automation coding in on-premises and public Cloud environments; preferably Azure. Ability to script in Linux with exposure to administration or engineering. Experience with DevOps tooling such as Pipelines, Cloudify, Terraform is desirable. Experience with writing programs that interact with relational distributed databases like IBM DB2, Oracle SQL SQL Server. Willingness to learn new technologies and the ability to work in a dynamic and rapidly changing environment Chaos / Resiliency testing experience and stochastic modelling. Experience with industry leading chaos / resiliency technologies a plus. Deep knowledge of distributed systems architecture e.g. microservices, REst, message queues, distributed transactions, distributed functions, fault tolerant systems. Ability to code using modern testing frameworks e.g. Junit, BDD, Robot. Understanding of the test automation development lifecycle and test measurement. Knowledge of container technologies such as Docker, Kubernetes Etc. Excellent communication skills both verbal and written. Minimum of 5 years of experience working for a software or Telco global firm. Bonus pay Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID578:

ScrapedJobID579:
Redefine our approach to production monitoring, favouring common processes and rituals across the organisation, and implementing the necessary tools for following progress (KPIs, dashboards, milestone meetings, OKRs, budget, etc.); Provide a high-level view of the overall Online Services development activity to support data-informed decision-making; Define KPIs to measure and track the health of Online Services projects; Together with the Online Services Director accountable for a given project, review and advise on that project’s roadmap with respect to available resources and strategic objectives set by the Executive Director, anticipating and mitigating risks that are potential blockers to delivering on time and within scope; Develop a sharing and reuse strategy, working closely with the Product Director to identify areas of improvement within and across projects; Advise the Executive Director on subjects related to production intelligence and optimization. Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID580:
Design and develop microservices, large-scale web services, and APIs for an engineering platform - PaaS - Platform-as-a-Service, while using modern software development best practices; Produce clean and efficient code based on a simple development process aimed at reusable, optimal and maintainable solutions that will improve the quality of the platform; Work with the operations team to ensure support of developed applications in all environments; Design and develop the frontend application in micro-frontend architecture for the platform services; Contribute to architecture and design requirements while creating technical documentation with a focus on quality deliverables; Enhance development and build tools and improve items such as CI/CD flows; Write unit and integration tests and participate in code reviews; Identify and troubleshoot system deficiencies and recommend solutions; Keep up to date with new technologies in the fields of online services, game development and the web in general; Work closely with teammates in the design, coding and review of test plans to contribute to the creation of robust software and promote knowledge sharing. Strong background in software engineering and development and knowledge of the NodeJS language; Experience in web development such as REST, gRPC, CI/CD pipeline, GitLab CI, Spinnaker, experience with Terraform, Docker, Ansible, Kubernetes and understanding of object-oriented programming - OOP; Experience in frontend development and experience with React, Preact/Redux, CSS/SCSS as well as knowledge of Design Systems; Experience with Agile development - Scrum and experience working in an Agile and DevOps environment; Ability to make complex information accessible and to communicate easily within distributed teams and excellent communication skills in French and English, both written and oral. 
ScrapedJobID581:
Be an active planner, developer and contributor to the overall software architecture. Producing, testing and debugging code. Working with Brud’s Product team across different technical challenges. such as Brud’s web3 community voting tool, blockchain based marketplace and many others. Help create and update documentation explaining our processes and tools. Ensure all content falls in line with Brud’s company mission, vision and values. Strong ability to collaborate and communicate across teams in person and virtually. Ability to manage multiple projects and responsibilities under strict deadlines. Multitask and prioritize; be comfortable executing at a high level. Strong problem solving skills and management skills. Ability to take on whole projects and see them through from ideation to deployment. Knowledge of traditional VFX or Game pipelines is preferred. Knowledge of various front/backend tools, such as Python, Go, Nodejs, React, Redis, MongoDB, Docker as well as Git. Smoothly execute new projects and evolve Brud’s existing pipeline forward. Take ownership of projects and make suggestions for increased efficiency. Early spotting of any potential software design issues. On time delivery of work to keep inter department work running smoothly. Clear communication with team members, end users, and stakeholders. 
ScrapedJobID582:
Solve our clients’ business problems by using a variety of technologies to develop systems that are well-architected and meet the clients’ needs. Analyze projects to determine feasibility and create time estimates. Design, code, and test systems for our clients. Create system design documentation outlining overview, diagrams, and designs specific to users, application systems, and technical requirements. Assist with identifying and establishing tools, operating environments, design, and development standards. Recommend improvements for development and system maintenance processes and identify technical considerations in project planning, risk mitigation, task identification, estimating, and task dependencies. Proficient in JavaScript frameworks, e.g., React, Angular, Vue.js. 5+ years of experience in .Net Framework. Experience in web application frameworks. Experience in web services. Experience working in both Agile and Waterfall environments. Knowledge of SOLID design principles. Experience with unit tests and mocking frameworks. Understanding of database technologies and performance tuning Professional Development budget and days Interest-free tech-enablement loans A Career Mentor to support your growth and development RRSP/401K matches Bonus programs Wellness program 
ScrapedJobID583:
Concevoir des API de service afin d'optimiser les fonctionnalités de la gestion des crash de serveurs, clients et services sur l'ensemble des environnements (Dev, QA, Prod) du jeu Maintenir et développer de nouvelles fonctionnalités sur le lanceur de jeu (Game Launcher) de Star Citizen: principalement applicatif (frontend et backend) et une partie plus mineure en web (surtout backend) Développer des outils répondant aux standards de sécurité du marché Plus occasionnellement, soutenir les besoins internes d'outils pour l'équipe des microservices du jeu (ex. Outils de mesure de performance et de load testing) Application Electron avec javascript, React, Redux (Saga) Plateforme web et APIs en PHP Travailler dans un environnement technologique diversifié. Développeur.euse fullstack, vous êtes plutôt orienté.e backend mais le frontend ne vous rebute pas, vous savez être versatile. Avoir un bon esprit d 'équipe. Une bonne ambiance dans votre milieu de travail est tout aussi importante pour vous que l'excellence de votre code. Faire montre d'autonomie et de minutie. Vous vous adaptez à des priorités parfois changeantes en gérant votre emploi du temps, tout en sachant quand il devient pertinent d'impliquer les autres membres de votre équipe. Faire preuve de productivité et d'efficacité dans les projets Faire avancer les choses, partager les bonnes pratiques en développement backend, contribuer à la mise en œuvre de processus efficaces, explorer de nouvelles technologies Travailler dans un environnement bilingue (Français et Anglais) Expérience de programmation pertinente ou baccalauréat en informatique 4 ans+ d'expérience en développement web et/ou applicatif 2 ans+ d'expérience en programmation avec PHP et JavaScript Expérience avec Electron et/ou Python; un atout Expérience dans la mise en place de pipelines de CI/CD; un atout Intérêt pour monter en compétence avec C++; un atout Intérêt pour les jeux vidéo; un atout Collaborer au sein de l'équipe Outils sur le lanceur (Game launcher) ainsi que sur le pipeline de gestion de crash du jeu vidéo intergalactique AAA Star Citizen Faire partie d'un environnement de développement à itération rapide au sein d'une équipe soudée. Intermédiaire à senior, vous cherchez à rencontrer des développeurs.euses qui continueront de vous amener plus loin. Permettre aux joueurs de lancer le Jeu Star Citizen en tout temps en développant un lanceur de jeu fiable, robuste, sécuritaire et évolutif Développer une compréhension technique des demandes provenant de Cloud Imperium Games ainsi que de leurs impacts immédiats et à plus long terme sur le produit Diviser le travail en tâches précises, estimer adéquatement l'effort nécessaire afin de respecter les délais de livraison Vous intéresser aux besoins des développeurs du jeu et des autres équipes afin de fournir des outils et des applications optimisant leur travail Designing service APIs in order to optimize the crash management functionalities of servers, clients and services on all environments (Dev, QA, Prod) of the game Maintaining and developing new features on the Star Citizen Game Launcher: mainly application (frontend and backend) and a more minor part in web (especially backend) Developing tools that meet market security standards More occasionally, supporting internal tool needs for the Microservices Team of the game (ie. performance measurement and load testing tools) Electron application with JavaScript, React, Redux (Saga) Web platform and APIs in PHP Working in a diversified technological environment. As a fullstack developer, you are more backend oriented but the frontend does not put you off, you know how to be versatile. Having a good team spirit. A great atmosphere in your workplace is just as important to you as the excellence of your code. Showing autonomy and thoroughness. You adapt to sometimes shifting priorities by managing your schedule, knowing when it becomes relevant to involve other members of your team. Demonstrating productivity and efficiency in projects Getting things done, sharing best practices in backend development, contributing to the implementation of efficient processes, exploring new technologies Working in a bilingual environment (French and English) Relevant programming experience or bachelor's degree in computer science 4 years+ of experience in web and/or application development 2+ years of programming experience with PHP and JavaScript Experience with Electron and/or Python; an asset Experience in setting up CI/CD pipelines; an asset Interest in developing skills with C ++; an asset Interest in video games; an asset Collaborating within the Tools Team on the Game launcher as well as on the crash management pipeline of the AAA intergalactic video game Star Citizen Being part of a fast iterating development environment within a tight-knit team. Intermediate to senior, you are looking to meet developers who will continue to bring you further. Allowing players to launch the Star Citizen Game at any time by developing a reliable, robust, secure and scalable game launcher Developing a technical understanding of the demands coming from Cloud Imperium Games as well as their immediate and longer term impacts on the product Dividing work into specific tasks, adequately estimating the effort required to meet delivery deadlines Taking an interest in the needs of game Developers and other teams in order to provide tools and applications that optimize their work 
ScrapedJobID584:
Create custom character rigs in Maya; Collaborate with the animation technical team to automate and streamline rigging processes; Rig and skin characters and objects to create clean and high-quality animations and improve movements as well as ensure they respect naming conventions; Collaborate with the artists, character modelers, technical animators and animation team to understand the game vision and rigging needs; Find a balance between artistic aspects and technical limitations with the help of technical animators and Directors; Create proxy meshes of existing models to improve framerates; Ensure a nomenclature in accordance with the projects standards and the selection sets in the main scenes in order to facilitate animators’ work. Minimum three to four (3-4) years experience in game development or equivalent rigging in Maya; Experienced working on a published AAA game from conception to release is a strong asset; College diploma in 3D Animation or equivalent; In-depth knowledge of Maya is a must; Knowledge of MotionBuilder and 3DS Max is a plus; Experience with Unreal4 is a plus; Knowledge of at least one programming or scripting language is preferred; An excellent understanding of clothes and anatomy is important; A fundamental understanding of animation; Rigged at least one character or a complex object (with a video link); Good communication skills and the ability to clearly document any work; Have a general knowledge of videogames and the methods the developers used to create them; Have some experience with facial animation is a must; Have a curious nature and a thirst for knowledge; Positive team-building skills; Proven problem-solving skills adapted to rapid iteration development environment; Excellent communication skills in English and French (both oral and written).  
ScrapedJobID585:
Identify suitable candidates for research studies by sourcing profiles through professional websites, public profiles, LinkedIn, and other social networks. Contact candidates on behalf of Unity, inviting them to participate in research. Handle the submission and organization of research incentives. Coordinate with Unity research managers to run recruitment logistics. Support the Unity research team with other ad-hoc projects as they come up (e.g. market and competitive intelligence gathering and analysis). Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Can actively engage potential research participants with the right voice and message to generate interest and buy-in. Presents themselves professionally, particularly over email. When someone in this role reaches out to a potential research participant on LinkedIn, it may be that person's first interaction with Unity, so it's important to build a positive first impression. Excellent project management skills. In a busy month, we will need help finding dozens of research participants, and finding a single qualified participant may require reaching out to 10+ potential candidates, so organization is paramount. A creative self-starter who can find the right approach for recruitment, in collaboration with a Unity market research manager, and execute on projects without day-to-day supervision. Ability to learn subject matters quickly, to identify the right respondent profile for each new recruitment project. Familiarity with the technology industry, especially software Experience in a customer-facing role Curiosity about UX, market research and the video games and digital entertainment industry 
ScrapedJobID586:
Solve our clients’ business problems by using a variety of technologies to develop systems that are well-architected and meet the clients’ needs. Analyze projects to determine feasibility and create time estimates. Design, code, and test systems for our clients. Create system design documentation outlining overview, diagrams, and designs specific to users, application systems, and technical requirements. Assist with identifying and establishing tools, operating environments, design, and development standards. Recommend improvements for development and system maintenance processes and identify technical considerations in project planning, risk mitigation, task identification, estimating, and task dependencies. Proficient in JavaScript frameworks, e.g., React, Angular, Vue.js. 5+ years of experience in .Net Framework. Experience in web application frameworks. Experience in web services. Experience working in both Agile and Waterfall environments. Knowledge of SOLID design principles. Experience with unit tests and mocking frameworks. Understanding of database technologies and performance tuning Professional Development budget and days Interest-free tech-enablement loans A Career Mentor to support your growth and development RRSP/401K matches Bonus programs Wellness program 
ScrapedJobID587:
Concevoir des API de service afin d'optimiser les fonctionnalités de la gestion des crash de serveurs, clients et services sur l'ensemble des environnements (Dev, QA, Prod) du jeu Maintenir et développer de nouvelles fonctionnalités sur le lanceur de jeu (Game Launcher) de Star Citizen: principalement applicatif (frontend et backend) et une partie plus mineure en web (surtout backend) Développer des outils répondant aux standards de sécurité du marché Plus occasionnellement, soutenir les besoins internes d'outils pour l'équipe des microservices du jeu (ex. Outils de mesure de performance et de load testing) Application Electron avec javascript, React, Redux (Saga) Plateforme web et APIs en PHP Travailler dans un environnement technologique diversifié. Développeur.euse fullstack, vous êtes plutôt orienté.e backend mais le frontend ne vous rebute pas, vous savez être versatile. Avoir un bon esprit d 'équipe. Une bonne ambiance dans votre milieu de travail est tout aussi importante pour vous que l'excellence de votre code. Faire montre d'autonomie et de minutie. Vous vous adaptez à des priorités parfois changeantes en gérant votre emploi du temps, tout en sachant quand il devient pertinent d'impliquer les autres membres de votre équipe. Faire preuve de productivité et d'efficacité dans les projets Faire avancer les choses, partager les bonnes pratiques en développement backend, contribuer à la mise en œuvre de processus efficaces, explorer de nouvelles technologies Travailler dans un environnement bilingue (Français et Anglais) Expérience de programmation pertinente ou baccalauréat en informatique 4 ans+ d'expérience en développement web et/ou applicatif 2 ans+ d'expérience en programmation avec PHP et JavaScript Expérience avec Electron et/ou Python; un atout Expérience dans la mise en place de pipelines de CI/CD; un atout Intérêt pour monter en compétence avec C++; un atout Intérêt pour les jeux vidéo; un atout Collaborer au sein de l'équipe Outils sur le lanceur (Game launcher) ainsi que sur le pipeline de gestion de crash du jeu vidéo intergalactique AAA Star Citizen Faire partie d'un environnement de développement à itération rapide au sein d'une équipe soudée. Intermédiaire à senior, vous cherchez à rencontrer des développeurs.euses qui continueront de vous amener plus loin. Permettre aux joueurs de lancer le Jeu Star Citizen en tout temps en développant un lanceur de jeu fiable, robuste, sécuritaire et évolutif Développer une compréhension technique des demandes provenant de Cloud Imperium Games ainsi que de leurs impacts immédiats et à plus long terme sur le produit Diviser le travail en tâches précises, estimer adéquatement l'effort nécessaire afin de respecter les délais de livraison Vous intéresser aux besoins des développeurs du jeu et des autres équipes afin de fournir des outils et des applications optimisant leur travail Designing service APIs in order to optimize the crash management functionalities of servers, clients and services on all environments (Dev, QA, Prod) of the game Maintaining and developing new features on the Star Citizen Game Launcher: mainly application (frontend and backend) and a more minor part in web (especially backend) Developing tools that meet market security standards More occasionally, supporting internal tool needs for the Microservices Team of the game (ie. performance measurement and load testing tools) Electron application with JavaScript, React, Redux (Saga) Web platform and APIs in PHP Working in a diversified technological environment. As a fullstack developer, you are more backend oriented but the frontend does not put you off, you know how to be versatile. Having a good team spirit. A great atmosphere in your workplace is just as important to you as the excellence of your code. Showing autonomy and thoroughness. You adapt to sometimes shifting priorities by managing your schedule, knowing when it becomes relevant to involve other members of your team. Demonstrating productivity and efficiency in projects Getting things done, sharing best practices in backend development, contributing to the implementation of efficient processes, exploring new technologies Working in a bilingual environment (French and English) Relevant programming experience or bachelor's degree in computer science 4 years+ of experience in web and/or application development 2+ years of programming experience with PHP and JavaScript Experience with Electron and/or Python; an asset Experience in setting up CI/CD pipelines; an asset Interest in developing skills with C ++; an asset Interest in video games; an asset Collaborating within the Tools Team on the Game launcher as well as on the crash management pipeline of the AAA intergalactic video game Star Citizen Being part of a fast iterating development environment within a tight-knit team. Intermediate to senior, you are looking to meet developers who will continue to bring you further. Allowing players to launch the Star Citizen Game at any time by developing a reliable, robust, secure and scalable game launcher Developing a technical understanding of the demands coming from Cloud Imperium Games as well as their immediate and longer term impacts on the product Dividing work into specific tasks, adequately estimating the effort required to meet delivery deadlines Taking an interest in the needs of game Developers and other teams in order to provide tools and applications that optimize their work 
ScrapedJobID588:
Create custom character rigs in Maya; Collaborate with the animation technical team to automate and streamline rigging processes; Rig and skin characters and objects to create clean and high-quality animations and improve movements as well as ensure they respect naming conventions; Collaborate with the artists, character modelers, technical animators and animation team to understand the game vision and rigging needs; Find a balance between artistic aspects and technical limitations with the help of technical animators and Directors; Create proxy meshes of existing models to improve framerates; Ensure a nomenclature in accordance with the projects standards and the selection sets in the main scenes in order to facilitate animators’ work. Minimum three to four (3-4) years experience in game development or equivalent rigging in Maya; Experienced working on a published AAA game from conception to release is a strong asset; College diploma in 3D Animation or equivalent; In-depth knowledge of Maya is a must; Knowledge of MotionBuilder and 3DS Max is a plus; Experience with Unreal4 is a plus; Knowledge of at least one programming or scripting language is preferred; An excellent understanding of clothes and anatomy is important; A fundamental understanding of animation; Rigged at least one character or a complex object (with a video link); Good communication skills and the ability to clearly document any work; Have a general knowledge of videogames and the methods the developers used to create them; Have some experience with facial animation is a must; Have a curious nature and a thirst for knowledge; Positive team-building skills; Proven problem-solving skills adapted to rapid iteration development environment; Excellent communication skills in English and French (both oral and written).  
ScrapedJobID589:
Identify suitable candidates for research studies by sourcing profiles through professional websites, public profiles, LinkedIn, and other social networks. Contact candidates on behalf of Unity, inviting them to participate in research. Handle the submission and organization of research incentives. Coordinate with Unity research managers to run recruitment logistics. Support the Unity research team with other ad-hoc projects as they come up (e.g. market and competitive intelligence gathering and analysis). Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Can actively engage potential research participants with the right voice and message to generate interest and buy-in. Presents themselves professionally, particularly over email. When someone in this role reaches out to a potential research participant on LinkedIn, it may be that person's first interaction with Unity, so it's important to build a positive first impression. Excellent project management skills. In a busy month, we will need help finding dozens of research participants, and finding a single qualified participant may require reaching out to 10+ potential candidates, so organization is paramount. A creative self-starter who can find the right approach for recruitment, in collaboration with a Unity market research manager, and execute on projects without day-to-day supervision. Ability to learn subject matters quickly, to identify the right respondent profile for each new recruitment project. Familiarity with the technology industry, especially software Experience in a customer-facing role Curiosity about UX, market research and the video games and digital entertainment industry 
ScrapedJobID590:
Research and identify solutions to software issues Diagnose and troubleshoot technical issues, including account setup and network configuration Ask customers targeted questions to quickly understand the root of the problem Track computer system issues through to resolution, within agreed time limits Talk customers through a series of actions, either via phone, email or chat, until they’ve solved a technical issue Properly escalate unresolved issues to appropriate internal teams (e.g. software developers) Provide prompt and accurate feedback to customers Refer to internal database or external resources to provide accurate tech solutions Ensure all issues are properly logged Prioritize and manage several open issues at one time Prepare accurate and timely reports Document technical knowledge in the form of notes and manuals Min 2 years of experience in a similar role Familiarity with remote desktop applications and help desk software Excellent problem-solving and communication skills in English Ability to provide step-by-step technical help, both written and verbal Basic knowledge of application development Ability to work collaboratively in teams and develop meaningful relationships to achieve common goals UNIX / Linux skills, including the ability to use at the command line Database skills in Postgres (or any other SQL based database) Basic Knowledge of a programming language (ex: Bash, Ruby, Python, Zsh, Perl) AWS cloud exposure and Kubernetes Associate degree in appropriate field or equivalent experience 100% Company-paid comprehensive health & dental coverage, access to a virtual care platform (wellness, medical & nutrition), employee assistance program and Personal & Healthcare spending account with Sun Life Competitive compensation package, including performance incentive bonus plan based on company, team and personal objectives Generous vacation days with additional flex days Group RRSP Matching Program up to 5% Monthly virtual social committee-lead activities (games night, happy hour, health challenges, etc.) Virtual companies get togethers (demo days, Town Halls, and more!) & yoga once per week Open source days for software engineers Employee Referral Program Perkopolis website with great rebates, coupons and promotions Amazing discounts through Samsung Employee Discounts website 
ScrapedJobID591:
Only applies to full-time positions. Own mobile game product development, data vision and investigation opportunities. Analyze data visualizations and utilize best practices to ensure optimal decisions are being made in-game. Understand the game economy and apply knowledge to guide economic optimization to maximize retention and revenue. Become the authority in the psychology of games. Work closely with the design team and create a problem space for them to design into. Build a comprehensive understanding of what features and themes increase user engagement and retention. You love games! You have a passion for creating new game features and playing mobile games. 5+ years of experience as a Product Manager and has recently launched or worked on a chart-topping game. Mastery in interpreting data visualizations into features. Strong organizational and analytical skills with an emphasis on metrics driven decision making. Strategic thinker who loves creating incredible user experiences. Can graphically create wire-frames and give interface direction to UI team. Knowledge of mobile technology - its boundaries and unique potential as it applies to games. Engineering background. Game design and/or UI/UX background and experience. Company news and events on our LinkedIn Company Blog Employee Feedback on our Comparably page Find videos on our teams and games on our Youtube 
ScrapedJobID592:
Collaborate with and learn from a cross-functional team of seasoned developers, product owners and operations experts who are passionate about what we are building at Vintri Delivering high-quality solutions to customers, helping to meet and exceed internal and external customer needs A fully remote development team, operating with flexible hours and applying an Agile approach to getting things done Design, develop, and test new features in the application Consult with product owners/business partners to translate requirements into software design Regularly communicate with others involved in the development process Participate as a team member in fully agile deliveries Actively participate in a collaborative work environment Collaborate on peer code reviews as an opportunity to learn and mentor Help shape our products and the Vintri brand 6+ years of professional full-stack software development experience with advanced proficiency in JavaScript Proven experience with with Vue.js Experience developing Express.js based RESTful web applications Experience with multi-tenancy implementations Experience in designing and querying NoSQL databases Demonstrable responsive UI design using bootstrap Experience developing software deployed to Cloud Platforms (Azure/AWS) Proficient with GIT distributed source control Experience developing against Microsoft Azure's Cosmos DB Designing and documenting RESTful API's using the Swagger framework Experience writing progressive web applications with offline functionality Working and collaborating with remote team members Experience with CI/CD pipelines Impact: Our products and services are helping make data more trusted and available for our customers, their clients and the world as a whole. Have a trusted voice: We maintain a team structure built on open communications across all levels where employees drive the company's decisions and culture. Acceptance: Diversity is our differentiator! We speak up for inclusion and respect all forms of intelligence. Have fun: Our company events, social hours & games are just a few ways to ensure we don't take ourselves too seriously! Be innovative: We give dedicated time to focus on your passions, while encouraging new ideas in all that we do. We thrive on disruptive thinking. Have an idea? Take 10% of your week to try it out! Growth: We make your growth a priority. We create opportunities to take on new projects in deployment, security and operations. Expect rapid growth and paid training with certifications! Life balance: Work from home opportunities, flexible work hours, medical benefits, and vacation with paid time off Provide your original resume. Must be in PDF format to be considered. Provide a message along with your application and include the following Be ready to do a quick proficiency test (we will provide the link after reviewing your resume and code examples) Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Store discount Work from home Monday to Friday Which city in Canada do you currently reside in? Are you a Canadian citizen or a permanent resident? Software development: 6 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID593:

ScrapedJobID594:
Work as part of an Agile development team to write, test and release Java applications Participating in code reviews and business/technical discussions Providing input into and following established development guidelines and standards Assist with the triaging of defects and bringing them to resolution When applicable, assist with design of Java applications under the direction of Architect When required, research and evaluation of new technologies and tools for development Assist the Agile team with the estimating, planning and prioritizing of work with the Product Owner Be an activate participant in all Agile processes On-call expectation University degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience with demonstrated progressive responsibilities 7+ years’ experience in Java / J2EE web application development (JSP, Servlets, EJB, etc.) 4+ years’ experience with frontend technologies (JavaScript, jQuery, HTML5/CSS, Responsive Web Design) Experience with Spring framework, Spring Boot, Docker, Ansible, GitLab, CI/CD, Angular, Bootstrap, NodeJS or other JavaScript Frameworks a plus. 4+ years’ experience with Linux Minimum 2 years’ experience with agile methodologies Strong working knowledge of SQL Proven ability to write well-documented, high performance, reliable, maintainable code Commitment to delivering high quality solutions in an Agile, team-focused environment In-depth experience with object-oriented design/development Working knowledge of Postgres databases an asset Excellent ability to learn new technologies quickly Must work collaboratively with other departments and all levels within the organization Excellent verbal and written communication skills Creative/innovative thinker Strong analytical, problem resolution and decision making skills Experience building and deploying containerized applications under Docker/Ansible/Kubernetes an asset 
ScrapedJobID595:
Develop interactive real-time 3D applications Develop software, strategies and recommendations for customer and partner projects Good command of C# and/or C++ programming languages and/or Experience with server-side web services software development (back end) and/or Experience with client-side web services software development (front end) Interest towards 3D computer graphics, photography, digital vision and image processing Experience with Unity 3D and/or Unreal Engine game engines Experience in deployed cloud applications maintenance (ex. AWS, Azure, Docker) Experience with low-level graphics APIs (e.g.: DirectX, OpenGL, Vulkan) Experience in programming shaders (e.g.: GLSL, HLSL, ShaderLab) Experience in developing Windows applications (WPF/UWP) Good knowledge and mastering of one or many programming languages related to web development such as: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript, Node.js, Java, Python, Ruby or PHP Experience in developing Web applications (JavaScript, HTML, CSS, WebGL) Experience in developing mobile applications (iOS/Android) Experience with modelling softwares (e.g.: 3ds Max, SketchUp, Revit) Experience with rendering engines (e.g.: V-Ray, Arnold) Flexitime Telework policy Competitive salary Group insurance Banked overtime policy and paid vacations between Christmas and New Year’s Day Public transportation expenses 50% refund Sports expenses 50% refund Referral program Free coffee Bicycle rack Shower Pastry nearby Grocery nearby Parc des Saules nearby Job in the beautiful Capitale-Nationale (Quebec City) Close to major roads (Robert-Bourassa, Félix-Leclerc, Charest, Henri IV) 
ScrapedJobID596:

ScrapedJobID597:
Develop and implement a content strategy and editorial calendar to support inbound lead generation. Create blog articles, case studies, whitepapers, infographics or other engaging and educational content. Publish and promote content through social media, email, and other digital marketing channels. Collaborate with internal stakeholders and external partners to integrate unique and innovative first-party insights into content. Produce marketing material & assets in collaboration with the Design team. Copyright, proofread and edit a wide range of company marketing materials while ensuring a unified tone of voice and alignment with the target audience. Define goals & KPIs for all content initiatives, then track and report on the performance. Stay up to date with the mobile ad-tech and gaming industry in order to leverage the latest opportunities and trends. Élaborer et mettre en œuvre une stratégie de contenu et un calendrier éditorial pour appuyer la génération de leads entrants. Créer des articles de blog, des études de cas, des livres blancs, des infographies ou tout autre contenu éducatif et attrayant. Publier et promouvoir le contenu par le biais des réseaux sociaux, du courrier électronique et des autres canaux de marketing numérique. Collaborer avec les parties prenantes internes et les partenaires externes pour incorporer au contenu des perspectives « first-party » uniques et novatrices. Produire du matériel et des actifs marketing en collaboration avec l'équipe chargée de la conception. Rédiger, revoir et corriger une large gamme de documents de marketing de l'entreprise, en veillant à l'uniformité du style et à l'alignement sur le public cible. Définir les objectifs et les KPI de chaque initiative de contenu, puis assurer le suivi et les comptes-rendus de performance. Se tenir au fait des évolutions du secteur de l’ad tech et des jeux mobiles, afin de tirer parti des dernières opportunités et tendances. 2-3+ years of experience in content marketing or a related field Proven track record creating and executing successful inbound marketing initiatives Excellent communication skills, both written and spoken in English Capable of leveraging both a data-driven and creative mindset for problem solving Strong project-management skills with attention to details and deadlines Knowledge of the tech industry, mobile advertising, or gaming is a plus. 2 à 3 ans d'expérience minimum en marketing de contenu ou dans un domaine connexe. Expérience avérée dans la création et dans l'exécution d'initiatives de marketing entrant réussies. Excellentes aptitudes à la communication en anglais, à l'oral comme à l'écrit. Capacité à faire appel à un esprit à la fois créatif et axé sur les données pour résoudre les problèmes. Solides compétences en gestion de projets, et attention portée aux détails et aux délais. La connaissance de l'industrie technologique, de la publicité mobile ou des jeux constitue un atout. 
ScrapedJobID598:
Use our modern tech stack, AWS (Redshift & Kinesis), Databricks and PySpark, Airflow, and Tableau to develop innovative tools Work closely with marketing teams to craft, test, verify and implement machine learning models to optimize Zynga audience growth Apply statistical methodologies to evaluate performance and account for uncertainties in major initiatives Design and develop using standard practices within a GitHub environment BS in Computer Science, Math, Statistics, Economics, or other quantitative field; Masters or PhD strongly preferred 3+ years of work experience in data science, machine learning or analytics role Demonstrated experience with some or all of the following: machine learning, data mining, predictive modeling, statistics, experimental design, computational analytics, econometric modeling, data visualization Proficient in Python, SQL, and other programming languages; Experience in applying machine learning on large datasets, preferably using Spark on Databricks Strong written and oral communication skills Zynga Stock RSUs and Bonus Plan Full medical, dental, vision benefits as well as life insurance Generous Paid Maternity/Paternity leave Open vacation policy for all full time employees Flexible working hours on many teams Work alongside driven individuals towards a common goal 
ScrapedJobID599:
Masterful client communications, providing regular two-way communication between the client and team, ensuring strong team representation and setting realistic client expectations Ensuring client and team compliance with scope and deliverables Clearly conveying clients’ goals and objectives to the team in an organized manner Understanding Chatterson’s breadth of services and effectively communicating our expertise to clients Estimating and assisting in proposal development Experience with media recommendations and/or buying, budget and blocking chart creation and management is an asset Developing comprehensive digital and web strategies to meet the needs of clients Coordinating and participating in the research, writing, editing and approval of marketing materials for a variety of client projects Content development strategy, supervision and quality check Collaborating with internal teams to create and execute strategic creative, digital and web solutions for a diverse client roster 2+ years working in a marketing role 2+ years’ experience in a client-facing role Self-starter, a quick learner, tolerance for a fast-paced environment and ability to work under tight deadlines with minimal supervision Showcase exceptional customer service and confidence in all communications, include phone, email and face-to-face Experience with paid media management tools (Facebook Ads, Google Ads) and other online marketing tools Ability to write proposals, issue quotes, lead client presentations and negotiations Exceptional organizational skills Superior writing skills Computer and social media savvy Familiarity with open source CMS systems such as WordPress is an asset Casual dress Company events Discounted or free food Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site gym Paid time off Work from home Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID600:

ScrapedJobID601:

ScrapedJobID602:
Build the technologies critical to our business, which is working with the biggest game publishers in the world, as well as video game engine creators, streaming platforms, and indie developers. Assist with multimedia programming, network streaming, performance improvements, memory optimizations, and other native programming tasks. You will dig in and assist in tool development so that our plugins and other technologies work smoothly 7+ years of proven experience as a developer 5+ years Development in a Windows Desktop environment 5+ years of C++ knowledge and experience required, modern C++ (C++11/14/17) an asset 5+ years in development in Windows Desktop environment 3+ years in developement in Linux environment Knowledge of versioning tools (Git/Hg) Bilingual French and English written and verbal communication skills Experience with Agile methodology Positive go-getter attitude Ability to work as a team player in a remote team environment Bachelor's degree and/or relevant computer science/ technical field experience Experience in the gaming, multimedia and/or web services industry Experience in Unit Tests/ Functional Tests/ Automatic Test Development in a Linux environment a plus Creative problem-solving capabilities Other languages (Python,, C#) a plus Network programming experience a plus Parallel programming experience a plus Experience debugging in Windows, and Linux a plus Profiling and optimization skills a plus Unity experience (with native plugins integration) a plus Unreal Engine 4 experience (with Blueprint integration) a plus Docker experience a plus Demonstrated success autonomously managing complex projects that require input from many stakeholder. Start-up Experience 
ScrapedJobID603:
Improve our users' experience by making changes and developing new features in our client code. Collaborate with other developers to build high-quality software that runs on a multitude of platforms including consoles, mobile and desktop. Work with a team who come with various experiences in and out of the gaming industry. Highly proficient with C++. Experience working in one or more of the following areas: digital signal processing, networking, real-time threading, and/or memory management. Experience with Android or IOS software development A desire to build outstanding developer and player experiences. A record of diving into an existing codebase and making positive and creative changes. iOS native development experience. Android native software development with the NDK and JNI Experience working on software crafted to run across platforms. Améliorer l'expérience de nos utilisateurs en apportant des modifications et en développant de nouvelles fonctionnalités dans notre code client Collaborer avec d'autres développeur(euse)s pour élaborer un logiciel de grande qualité qui s'exécute sur de nombreuses plateformes, notamment les consoles, les appareils mobiles et les ordinateurs de bureau Travailler au sein d'une équipe forte d'expériences variées dans l'industrie des jeux vidéo et d'autres domaines Une très grande maîtrise du langage C++ Une expérience de travail dans un ou plusieurs des domaines suivants : traitement des signaux numériques, mise en réseau, segmentation de processus en temps réel et/ou gestion de la mémoire Une expérience dans le développement de logiciels Android ou iOS Une volonté de créer des expériences exceptionnelles pour les développeurs et les joueurs Une expérience en matière d'immersion dans des bases de code existantes et de modification positive et créative de celles-ci Une expérience dans le développement de logiciels natifs pour iOS Une expérience de développement de logiciels natifs pour Android avec les interfaces NDK et JNI Une expérience de travail sur des logiciels conçus pour fonctionner sur plusieurs plateformes 
ScrapedJobID604:
Participate in the entire development lifecycle, focusing on coding, debugging, and optimizing. Work closely with front-end developers and interdependent teams across our studios. Implement security and data protection. Design and integrate data storage solutions & maintain server infrastructure. Deploy the game application on iOS and Android + adapt it to new platforms. Around 3 years of web or mobile development experience or related experience Understanding of HTML5, CSS3, NodeJS, and Javascript Knowledge of server infrastructure; cloud providers; Android and iOS development tools; bug tracking software (e.g. Jira); and source control software Automated testing and database experience A degree in Computer Science or equivalent A collaborative spirit Excellent communication and problem-solving skills + plenty of flexibility Curiosity and a willingness to continue learning (new tools, new techniques – anything to develop best practices and bring about innovative ideas) Your CV, highlighting your background and skills 
ScrapedJobID605:
Lead a team of programmers towards the goals of a project Identify where to focus team resources in order to achieve the goal of the project Provide technical advice and solutions to other areas of the development team Interview for new team members for both cultural and technical alignment Advising, designing, prototyping, implementing and refining of game systems Adapting to unfamiliar areas of code or concepts when investigating a problem Be a positive motivator for the rest of the programming team to create a healthy work environment Maintain core services used by the development team such as Perforce, TeamCity, GitLab, and our build agents Improve our internal monitoring with new dashboards, metrics, and improved logging solutions Coach the development teams on DevOps practices and help them improve their build pipelines where possible Minimum of 6 years full time experience working as a software engineer; preferably within the games industry Minimum 2 years full time experience working as a lead, preferably within the games industry Excellent understanding and experience using modern software engineering practices such as peer reviews, scrum, CI/CD and testing Experience with game engines, preferably Unreal Engine Experience managing systems on bare metal, cloud, or mixed environment as a sysadmin Windows and Linux environment experience Proficient in a programming or scripting language (e.g Bash, Batch, Powershell, Python, Go, C#) Good understanding of Hyper-V, KVM, ESXi and/or other virtualization products Experience with configuration management tools (e.g Saltstack, Chef, Puppet, Ansible) Experience with infrastructure as code tools (e.g. Terraform) Experience with Perforce Competitive salary Health and dental benefits Wellness spending account 3 weeks paid vacation and 2 weeks paid studio shutdown over the December holiday period Annual employee anniversary gifts Wonderful colleagues! 
ScrapedJobID606:
Develop creative animation for game videos. Assist designers and engineers with gameplay prototypes in Unity. Work with the lead animator to ensure timely completion of character assets at the desired quality bar. Serve as an active participant in team art discussions, critiques, and reviews. Other related tasks. A minimum of 2 years of experience in game development animating characters using Maya or 3DMax. Familiar with Unity timeline. Strong understanding of traditional animation principles and how they can be used to enhance gameplay Self-motivation, good communication skills, and a great team-player attitude Able to work creatively as part of a large or small group Proven problem-solving / prototyping ability Able to effectively collaborate with game designers and programmers A passion for video game Familiar with 3ds Max Experience with Mocap clean up Have shipped Video/Mobile game title(s) as an animator Experience in rigging Understanding of the visual style of IGG games and a passion to push it to the next level 
ScrapedJobID607:
Ontario St, Toronto, ON, Canada Employees can work remotely Full-time Department: Code Location: Canada / Toronto Project: Undisclosed IP Developing and maintaining the tools and systems necessary to implement gameplay features Prototyping new gameplay features Coding for complex gameplay mechanics Coding for level layout, event scripting, balancing, pacing, and tuning Testing, debugging, profiling, and optimizing implementations Actively attending code review At least 5+ years of experience in the production of games for consoles and PC Shipped title experience A keen sense of what makes gameplay systems fun Ability to work well in a fluid, changing environment as creative challenges evolve Ability to work with game developers from all disciplines Strong skills in C/C++ Familiarity with AI, physics, animation, and gameplay code in general Knowledge of any project management and bug tracking software (like JIRA) Ability to write solid, reliable, efficient code Being able to work efficiently under tight deadlines Strong verbal and written communication skills in English Open-minded team player attitude Strong work ethic and self-motivated Passionate about playing and making video games A competitive salary and performance-based bonuses Personal development opportunities and the possibility to work in a multicultural environment Work in a creative team with people full of passion for what they do Private health care & gym card Business trips and integration events Comprehensive assistance in relocation Fresh fruits, snacks, and beverages for everyone in the office Free library with a wide range of games and books In-company English language classes and Polish lessons for foreigners An informal atmosphere, no dress code, no unwanted formalities 
ScrapedJobID608:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field Strong leadership and mentor abilities Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to work virtually (with Slack and Zoom) Ability to pick up new technologies quickly Ability to strongly voice your opinions, while still actively hearing others Foresight to find and fix issues before anyone ever notices something is wrong. Professional experience in CMS and/or web development Professional experience working with Java, C#, or modern front-end frameworks Canadian Citizenship or authorization to work within Canada The ability to work in the USA and willingness to travel globally (Post-Covid) Passion for what you do Lead a team, ensuring all on your team know what they’re doing and have the resources needed to be successful Manage projects – budgets, estimates, resource management. You’ll have ample opportunity to take ownership. Consult with clients – build relationships, discuss requirements, lend expertise Develop innovative solutions that deliver not only what’s asked for, but goes beyond to what they didn’t realize they needed. Implement your solutions, get into the nitty gritty alongside your team Work independently on internal projects or for one off clients Share your knowledge – be a mentor and/or present lunch and learns to help everyone grow A sense of humour No fear of dogs (semi-mandatory) Board games you don’t mind occasionally sharing with the team Willingness to pitch in and wear different hats occasionally (figuratively, and maybe literally) A resume that tells a story. Show us your leadership journey An understanding of what being a consultant means Office dogs Flexible hours and generous time off Annual bonuses and raises based on performance Work in a small team, with enterprise grade projects Health benefits from day 1 RRSP Matching Program Travel opportunities A variety of comfortable working spaces Exciting social events Hilarious co-workers Excellent office-supplied coffee, drinks, snacks, and espresso 
ScrapedJobID609:

ScrapedJobID610:
Design, implement and maintain workflows for volumetric experiences in Unity. Work closely with a cross-discipline team and technical artists to provide highly productive authoring workflows in Unity. Design powerful and extensible APIs. Build and maintain production quality code for rendering, tools, and testing. Extensive experience with Unity, including proficiency in C# programming, rendering, artist tools and Unity workflows. Experience developing UI, tools and workflows with cloud backends and Unity. Understanding of DevOps including version control like Git, SVN and/or PlasticSCM, continuous integration (Jenkins etc), and development workflows. Performance-minded development, code profiling and optimization skills. Tight-knit collaboration and communication skills with the ability to adapt quickly to new technologies and tasks. Previous experience with a variety of concepts, practices, and procedures used in live TV & Broadcast. Experience with esports; casters, streamers and love for sports (soccer, basketball, football) A good grounding in the principles of customer/user experience design. 
ScrapedJobID611:
Work on a small team of engineers to come up with world-class engineering solutions. Partner with other engineers, designers, artists, QA, audio and animators on a variety of tasks. Collaborate with the Technical Director to help establish a unified technology vision for the project including writing and reviewing technical design documents. Participate in code reviews. Mentor more junior engineers. Our team consists of a variety of levels. While mentoring more junior engineers is part of the job, you will be learning from them while you’re mentoring them. You have a degree in Engineering or you are self-taught. How you got there doesn’t matter so much, how you perform is more important to us. You have shipped several titles. Experience programming in C++. Experience with Unreal 4 or other game engines. We use Unreal 4 for most of our game development so experience with that engine would be a bonus. Experience with game backend technologies: dedicated servers and backend services. A positive attitude and a willingness to learn and knowledge share. Competitive salary. 4 weeks of paid vacation, plus a studio closure over the Winter holidays. Participation in the Employee Shares Option Plan. An extensive health and dental plan. An inclusive culture where you get to work with talented and respectful team members who want to make awesome games, just like you. Weekly studio update so that you know what’s going on, followed by a happy hour. Frequent virtual team events. 
ScrapedJobID612:
Rechercher des références en animation Produire divers ensembles d'animations pour des personnages, des créatures et des véhicules selon les besoins du design/de la jouabilité tout en respectant l'identité visuelle et la direction de l'animation établies (navigation set/combat/combos/compétences, etc.) Aider l'animateur technique à créer des rigs personnalisés, et à faire le skinning des créatures/personnages/véhicules dont ils sont responsables Assurer une collaboration étroite avec les graphistes de personnages 3D, l'équipe VFX et les responsables techniques de l'équipe afin de maîtriser les contraintes de production Veiller à maintenir une communication constante entre les divers départements Maintenir un standard de qualité supérieur Researching animation references Producing various animation sets for characters, creatures and vehicles according to design/gameplay needs, while adhering to the established visual identity and animation direction (navigation set, combat/combos/skills, etc.) Helping the technical animator to create custom rigs, and to skin creatures/characters/vehicles for which they are responsible Ensuring close collaboration with the 3D character artists, the VFX team, and the team's technical leads to contend with constraints related to production Ensuring that there is constant communication between the various departments Maintaining a superior level of quality Maîtrise des 12 principes fondamentaux de l'animation (compression et étirement, anticipation, mise en scène, toute l'action d'un coup et partie par partie, continuité du mouvement initial et chevauchement de deux mouvements consécutifs, ralentissement en début et en fin de mouvement, trajectoire arquée, détails secondaires en mouvement, cohérence physique et cohérence théâtrale, exagération, qualité du dessin, charisme) Bases académiques solides : anatomie ; compréhension des contraintes physiques mécaniques et organiques ; règles élémentaires de composition Maîtrise parfaite des principes d'animation de caméra et de mise en scène Sens créatif, souci du détail, analyse pertinente du contenu narratif Vaste connaissance des arts visuels (films d'animation, jeux, design de personnages, design industriel/automobile, bande dessinée, photographie, etc.) Adaptation/polyvalence à différents styles/univers graphiques Maîtrise de divers progiciels de production d'animation 3D (3ds Max [character studio / Biped, CAT, custom rig], Maya, MotionBuilder, Spine, etc.) Compréhension des arbres/systèmes d'animation et de leur fonctionnement Expérience en mise en place de rigs personnalisés pour des personnages/véhicules (obligatoire) Notions fondamentales sur les contraintes de production et les limitations techniques ou légales Capacité à vulgariser des idées complexes ou techniques Bon sens organisationnel Bon sens de l'analyse et du jugement dans la résolution de problèmes Mastery of the 12 fundamental principles of animation (squash and stretch, anticipation, staging, straight ahead and pose-to-pose, follow through and overlapping action, easing in and easing out, arc, secondary action, timing, exaggeration, solid drawing, appeal) Solid educational background: anatomy; understanding of physics-related constraints, both mechanical and organic; basic rules of composition Complete command of camera animation and of staging principles Creative, attentive to detail, and able to clearly analyze narrative content Broad knowledge of the visual arts (animated films, games, character design, industrial/automobile design, comics, photography, etc.) Versatile and able to adapt to various visual styles/worlds Mastery of a variety of 3D-animation production software packages (3ds Max [character studio / Biped, CAT, custom rig], Maya, MotionBuilder, Spine, etc.) Understanding of animation trees/systems and how they work Experience setting up custom rigs for characters/vehicles (must-have) Basic knowledge of fundamental production constraints and of technical or legal limitations Able to simplify complex or technical ideas Good organizational skills Good analytical skills and judgment related to problem-solving Parce que vous voulez vivre une expérience exceptionnelle, au sein d'une entreprise en constante évolution ! Parce que vous voulez travailler avec des collègues talentueux et pionniers dans l’industrie ! Parce que l’idée d’ouvrir vos horizons à une culture internationale et au partage de connaissances avec des collègues à l’autre bout du monde vous enchante ! Ou tout simplement parce que vous recherchez un endroit où il y fait bon travailler ! Horaire flexible Dès votre embauche, 3 semaines de vacances et des congés mobiles Congé offert entre Noël et le jour de l'An pour bien débuter la nouvelle année Programme de REER collectif avec participation de l'employeur Programme d'assurances collectives avantageux Accès gratuit à une clinique médicale virtuelle 24h/24, 7 jours/7 Programme d'aide aux employés et à leur famille immédiate Programme de remboursement partiel pour votre déplacement au bureau (transport en commun et/ou stationnement) Accompagnement lors de toute relocalisation pour les nouveaux collaborateurs en provenance de pays ou de régions hors Québec Programme de référencement avec bonus Activités et prix offerts régulièrement par le comité social Local à vélos sécurisé et montant offert pour encourager le transport actif (période estivale) Collations offertes quotidiennement (fruits, café, etc.) 4@7 les vendredis Espaces de jeux Terrasse sur le toit Studio à proximité du parc Jarry et des nombreux attraits du Mile-Ex et de la Petite-Italie Activités physiques organisées à même le studio ou au parc Jarry (ex. : yoga) Because you want to be part of an exceptional experience within a company that is constantly growing! Because you want to work with talented people who are industry pioneers! Because you want to join a global company and meet great people around the world from all walks of life. Or, just because you’re looking for a great place to work! Flexible schedule 3 weeks’ vacation and mobile days off, available as of your start date Time off between Christmas and New Year’s Day to help you start the year off on the right foot Group RRSP program with employer contributions Great group insurance program Free 24/7 access to a virtual medical clinic The Employee and Family Assistance Program Partial reimbursement of your commuting costs (for public transit and/or parking) Support for new employees relocating from countries or regions outside Quebec Referral program with bonuses Regular activities and prizes courtesy of our Social Committee Secure bike storage room and a subsidy to encourage active transportation (during the summer) Daily snacks (fruit, coffee, etc.) Friday happy hours A game room A rooftop terrace Studio located near Jarry Park and the charming Mile-Ex and Little Italy neighbourhoods Fitness classes at the studio itself or at Jarry Park (e.g., yoga) 
ScrapedJobID613:
Work on all phases of the software development life cycle in an Agile environment on IoT and embedded projects for in-vehicle devices Analyze the needs for new embedded products and components Write the software requirements and design documents Contribute to the design of software architectures Develop real-time embedded applications in C/C++ for ARM Cortex, PIC, NXP, and Nordic RF chips Debug and test your code and algorithms Work with the team in resolving field issues Maintain software products after their releases (bug fixes and adding functions) Bachelor’s degree in engineering (Software, Computer or Electrical) 15 years + of professional experience in a similar position Strong RF domain knowledge with at least 7 years of hands-on software development experience Extensive Experience with programming languages such as C and C++ Experience with system integration and test Experience developing real-time and multi-task software Experience developing wireless interface (RF, and Bluetooth/BLE) Experience with software architectures for ARM Cortex Experience with communications peripherals such as CAN, UART, SPI, I2C Excellent communication verbal and written skills (English and French) You are a team player, and result oriented Autonomous, honest, and organized Systematic approach to problem solving Experience developing serial interfaces (LIN, J1850 and OBDII) Experience developing firmware/drive for cellular and GPS applications Experience in ASM programming Experience with SiLabs cortex M4 and M0 Experience with software architectures 8051 and PIC A modern working environment with a flexible schedule Great health benefits and RRSP with employer contribution Gym and game tables 
ScrapedJobID614:
Partner with the Clients and our internal External Productions group to understand the overall game vision and the requirements of the project in order to be involved in the planning strategies. Pave the way for production: optimize workflows and pipelines and implement effective means to facilitate interaction between colleagues. Set clear goals for your team members to achieve + use tracking tools to make sure the process of delivering those goals is as smooth as possible. Understand dependencies, anticipate risks & put plans of action in place to minimize disruption of production. Build reports to clearly represent progress of the development. Proven experience shipping a real-time 3D game as a project manager, producer, or technical role Flexibility to adapt to a range of situations & navigate interdependencies Excellent communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills Proficiency in written and spoken English and are able to clearly communicate ideas and technical knowledge. A diligent, collaborative, and proactive spirit that gets results but never loses sight of the dedicated people behind the work that we are doing. Familiarity with the Unity Engine Experience working in a certain/multiple domains in AAA game development. Experience with Jira 
ScrapedJobID615:
Build an innovative blockchain as the foundation for an entire ecosystem of consumer applications, starting with games, collectibles, and the apps that interact with them. Defy accepted wisdom on the scalability of blockchain platforms. Design, develop, and deploy new systems that enhance throughput, latency, availability, and security. Apply cutting-edge research and new developments to daily work. Ensure that our work is ethical and values-driven to create a positive impact on the world. Demonstrated excellence in software engineering including exposure to distributed systems, scalability, and algorithms, preferably in Golang. Experience with technical leadership of engineering teams including mentorship and coaching. Experience in blockchain and/or decentralized architectures, consensus and/or cryptographic systems. Demonstrated technical design capabilities, architecting complex technical features despite ever-evolving product requirements. Focused on delivering impact and results to the makers and consumers who will benefit from this new ecosystem. Excited about joining an open and honest work environment with supportive, ego-free colleagues committed to solving hard problems. 
ScrapedJobID616:
Build an innovative blockchain as the foundation for an entire ecosystem of consumer applications, starting with games, collectibles, and the apps that interact with them. Defy accepted wisdom on the scalability of blockchain platforms. Design, develop, and deploy new systems that enhance throughput, latency, availability, and security. Apply cutting-edge research and new developments to daily work. Ensure that our work is ethical and values-driven to create a positive impact on the world. Demonstrated excellence in software engineering including exposure to distributed systems, scalability, and algorithms, preferably in Golang. Experience with technical leadership of engineering teams including mentorship and coaching. Experience in blockchain and/or decentralized architectures, consensus and/or cryptographic systems. Demonstrated technical design capabilities, architecting complex technical features despite ever-evolving product requirements. Focused on delivering impact and results to the makers and consumers who will benefit from this new ecosystem. Excited about joining an open and honest work environment with supportive, ego-free colleagues committed to solving hard problems. 
ScrapedJobID617:
Collaborer avec les responsables de produit et les architectes pour créer des technologies de pointe. Développer des solutions logicielles en utilisant les bonnes pratiques en matière de développement (c.-à-d. normes de qualité du code, examen par les pairs, essais de rendement, analyse statique du code, essais unitaires et tests de fumée, dans les délais établis). Collaborer avec les services de soutien et de qualité pour maintenir les capacités existantes et améliorer les technologies. Appliquer les méthodes Agile grâce à des communications régulières, au partage de l'analyse des risques, à la proposition d'options et à la prise d'initiatives. Framework Cadre et services de visualisation basés sur le moteur de jeu Framework Cadre du pipeline de rendu Framework Cadre des composantes matériaux Framework et services de Visualisation 3D basés sur le Web Boite à outils d’interfaces et d’interactions utilisateur Infrastructures 2D et 3D Structure de géométrie procédurale et de la présentation de la scène API Rest / RestFul Diplôme universitaire en informatique ou en génie informatique, ou expérience de travail équivalente Excellentes aptitudes pour le langage C++ et expérience en conception orientée objet Bonne connaissance des API graphiques et des langages de shader (DirectX/HLSL, OpenGL/GLSL, Vulkan, etc.) Excellentes compétences en mathématiques 3D Expérience avec les moteurs de jeux (Unreal / Unity) Maîtrise des techniques de programmation multithread pour les systèmes temps réel Bonnes compétences en optimisation et débogage CPU et GPU Expérience avec les logiciels de génération Image (IG), un atout Bilinguisme - Excellentes compétences en communication orale et écrite Passion de comprendre des problèmes complexes et de trouver des solutions techniques novatrices Travail significatif qui favorise le perfectionnement professionnel Environnement qui encourage les employés à se prendre en charge et à exercer leur leadership Possibilité de travailler dans l’industrie technologique et de s’y épanouir Environnement de travail axé sur la collaboration Équipe de haut niveau Les bureaux de Presagis se trouvent à distance de marche d’une station de métro En plus d’être un endroit formidable où travailler, Presagis offre une gamme complète d’avantages sociaux :
Régime d’assurance collective souple
Régime de retraite à prestations déterminées
Régime d’achat d’actions du personnel
Régime enregistré d’épargne-retraite (REER) collectif
Programme de bien‑être physique
Programme d’aide aux employés
Prestations de maternité complémentaires
Horaire de travail variable
« Vendredis californiens » tout au long de l’année Régime d’assurance collective souple Régime de retraite à prestations déterminées Régime d’achat d’actions du personnel Régime enregistré d’épargne-retraite (REER) collectif Programme de bien‑être physique Programme d’aide aux employés Prestations de maternité complémentaires Horaire de travail variable « Vendredis californiens » tout au long de l’année Collaborate with product owners and architects to create cutting edge technologies Develop software solutions using good development practices (i.e. code quality standards, peer review, engineering testing, static code analysis, unit tests and smoke tests, within established deadlines) Collaborate with support and quality departments to maintain existing capabilities and improve the technologies Enforce Agile methods by communicating regularly, sharing risk analysis, proposing options, taking initiatives Game Engine Based Visualization Framework and Services Rendering Pipeline Framework Surface Materials Framework Web Based 3D Viewport Framework and Services User Interface Toolkit and Interaction Models 2D and 3D Asset Framework Procedural Geometry and Scene Layout Framework Rest/RestFul APIs Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering (or equivalent) experience Strong C++ language skills and OO design experience Good knowledge of graphics APIs and shader languages (DirectX/HLSL, OpenGL/GLSL, Vulkan, etc.) Excellent 3D math skills Experience on Game Engine Technology (Unreal / Unity) Demonstrated proficiency in multi-threaded programming techniques for real-time systems Good CPU and GPU optimization and debugging skills Experience on Image Generation (IG) software is an asset Bilingual – Excellent oral and written communication skills; Passion for understanding complex problems and driving innovative technical solutions Meaningful work that drives professional development Environment that encourages individuals to take ownership and exercise leadership Ability to enter and grow within the technology industry Working in a collaborative environment Being part of a high-performance team Presagis’ offices are walking distance to a metro station In addition to being a great place to work, Presagis offers a comprehensive benefits package including,
Flexible Group Insurance
Plan Defined Benefits Retirement Plan
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Group Registered Retirement Savings Plan (RRSP)
Physical Wellness Plan
Employee Assistance Plan
Supplementary Maternity Plan
Flextime
California Fridays all year Flexible Group Insurance Plan Defined Benefits Retirement Plan Employee Stock Purchase Plan Group Registered Retirement Savings Plan (RRSP) Physical Wellness Plan Employee Assistance Plan Supplementary Maternity Plan Flextime California Fridays all year 
ScrapedJobID618:
Apply software engineering techniques to the creation of prototypes and reliable and high-performance tools for game development teams. Work closely with product teams to create complete packages that meet production quality criteria (robustness, documentation, completeness, and performance). Develop and maintain frameworks, libraries, and development tools to facilitate the use of machine learning tools in production. Provide support to production team members by communicating the capabilities and limitations of their products. Contribute to efforts to promote machine learning techniques throughout the company by creating training content and participating in outreach initiatives. Identify opportunities to improve products and make them sustainable. A degree in computer science or software engineering (or related training) At least 3 years of experience in software development or other relevant experience Excellent knowledge of Python programming language Excellent knowledge of machine learning concepts and practices Excellent knowledge of at least one machine learning framework (such as TensorFlow or PyTorch) Good knowledge of big data development and NoSQL and SQL data modeling Good knowledge of data transportation, transformation, storage, and integrity concepts and practices Experience with Git Knowledge of data pipeline alerting and monitoring systems Knowledge of public Cloud services (AWS, Azure, GCP) Knowledge of Docker and Kubernetes considered Your CV, highlighting your background, experience, and skills. 
ScrapedJobID619:
Work with the external game development partners of AMD to enable them to produce their applications as efficiently as possible Optimize game and application performance for discrete GPUs, APUs and CPUs. Design and implement rendering effects using established APIs Integrate features into game titles with a focus on ray tracing Efficiently crafting C/C++ game code for Windows and knows all about data structures, design patterns, language features, standard libraries and writing easy-to-understand code Has practical hands-on experience with DirectX 12 and /or Vulkan development tools and techniques for Windows Has strong graphics code optimization skills, in particular shader code optimizations Understands that requirements are rarely flawless and is willing to extract the spirit of the requirement to make the system or software better Strong verbal and written communication skills while working in a dynamic team environment Is willing to travel domestically and internationally on a regular basis GCN / RDNA graphics architecture experience Experience with DirectX 12 and/or Vulkan graphics APIs Experience with ray tracing Bachelor's or Master's degree in computer science or a related technical field, or equivalent 
ScrapedJobID620:
Quickly gain a deep understanding of the business and how data flows through the organization and through the data engineering codebase while playing an important role in building an efficient and scalable data and reporting layer for the organization. Design, architect and build the BI pipelines for BI & Analytics function and set up tools and processes for effective data management. Continuously improve our data infrastructure and stay ahead of technology. Work closely with product and various partners to understand business issues and recommend approaches to ensure business questions are accurately answered. Excellent SQL and data warehouse skills. At least 6-7 years of recent hands-on experience writing complex SQL queries on large data sets. Experience with database table design and building data pipelines (any on-prem or cloud based MPP database). Programming skills (Python or a similar language) High development standards, especially for code quality, code reviews, unit testing, continuous integration and deployment Excellent verbal and written communication skills – Ability to synthesize complex ideas and communicate them in very simple ways. Highly analytical and thorough. Ability to tackle and fix issues quickly in a fast-paced environment. BA/BS degree in quantitative field (Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Economics). Airflow or another scheduler Knowledge of BI development / dashboarding tools Acquérir très rapidement une connaissance approfondie de l'activité, de la manière dont les données circulent dans l'organisation et dans la base de code de l'ingénierie des données, tout en jouant un rôle important dans la mise en place d'une couche de données et de rapports efficace et évolutive pour l'organisation Concevoir, construire et mettre en place les pipelines de BI destinés à la fonction BI & Analytics, et mettre en place les outils et les processus nécessaires à une gestion efficace des données Améliorer continuellement notre infrastructure de données et rester à la pointe des technologies du secteur Travailler en étroite collaboration avec l'équipe produit et d'autres partenaires impliqués pour comprendre les problèmes de l'entreprise, et recommander des approches qui garantiront une réponse précise à ces problèmes D'excellentes compétences en matière de SQL et de stockage de données en entrepôt Au moins 6 à 7 ans d'expérience pratique récente dans la rédaction de requêtes SQL complexes sur de grands ensembles de données Une expérience de la conception de tables de base de données et de la construction de pipelines de données sur tout type de base de données MPP sur place ou dans le nuage Des compétences en programmation (sur Python ou un langage similaire) Des exigences élevées en matière de développement, notamment en ce qui concerne la qualité du code, les révisions du code, les tests unitaires, les intégrations continues et les déploiements D'excellentes aptitudes à la communication orale et écrite, avec une capacité à synthétiser des idées complexes et à les transmettre de manière très simple Un esprit particulièrement analytique et minutieux Une capacité à s'attaquer aux problèmes et à les résoudre rapidement dans un environnement particulièrement dynamique Un diplôme universitaire ès arts ou ès sciences dans un domaine quantitatif (mathématiques, statistiques, ingénierie ou économie) Une expérience sur Airflow ou un autre planificateur Une connaissance des outils de développement de l'intelligence d'affaires et des tableaux de bord 
ScrapedJobID621:
A collaborative, transparent, and engaging culture, working with awesome technology! Competitive salary and performance-based variable compensation Paid Professional Development time Plenty of vacation and personal days Flexible work options Lucrative employee referral program Employee benefits including RRSP matching and WorkPerks (corporate discounts on travel, fitness Vibrant social crew to organize team events, fundraising, and community initiatives Endless opportunities to learn and grow Fully equipped gym facilities Rec room with pool table, foosball, and video games 
ScrapedJobID622:
Join a team to develop the world's most immersive training simulator for the petroleum industry. Consult with industry experts to program their domain knowledge into our simulator. Read research papers on petroleum engineering and program it into our simulator. Masters or PhD in Computer Science, Mathematics, Petroleum Engineering, or related field. Proficiency with C++ or C# Demonstrated coding ability Published papers in a related field Knowledge of petroleum engineering Unity3D experience in C# Knowledge of advanced mathematics or physics Knowledge of computational modelling techniques Software Developer Software Engineer Software Programmer Game Developer Gameplay Programmer Game Development C# Programmer C# Developer Unity 3D Unity3D Unity Software Engineering 
ScrapedJobID623:
Continuously Improve: We strive to get better each day individually and as a team Own: We see our bytes through from farm to table Deliver: We plan and execute our work efficiently Experiment: We embrace trying new things and learn from our successes and failures Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal Familiar with writing scripts in modern programming languages such as Javascript or Python Working experience with source control systems such as Git, SVN, Mercurial Experience running and monitoring tests in CI/CD systems The ability to balance the need for quality with the need for speed Experience with working in Linux or MacOS Working experience in an agile development team Some experience in using industry standard tools to develop and maintain automated user acceptance test suites 3+ years experience in performing quality assurance for a web based software product 3+ years experience with cross-browser testing, functional, stress/performance, security testing of multi-tiered web applications Understand and be comfortable with Extreme Programming and DevOps practices such as Test Driven Development (TDD), Pair Programming, Continuous Integration (CI), Continuous Deployment (CD) Remote working arrangements; work from anywhere in the world If you want an office to visit, we have an amazing Downtown Vancouver location, 2 mins from Yaletown Skytrain Amazing office amenities equipped with snacks, drinks, games (Nintendo switch, VR, ping pong table), and an on-site gym We have excellent extended health and dental benefits for yourself and your family You may contribute to a Retirement Savings Plan, with employer matching contributions We are family friendly and offer flexibility We’re champions of diversity and welcome beans of all shapes, sizes and backgrounds We have regular team get-togethers, parties, and believe in celebrating our wins and having fun 
ScrapedJobID624:
Responsible for the implementation of Bell business systems and application solutions through the interpretation of client business requirements Familiar with software development lifecycle (SDLC), ITIL and Agile Scrum methodologies Work with the business analysts to translate requirements / user stories into working code Contribute to system architecture and design documentation Contribute to database analysis and design documentation Supervise performance testing and functional unit testing of developed applications Assist in creating testing plans & lead resolution of bugs during testing Works in conjunction with technical resources in other Bell cross functional teams and outside vendors to troubleshoot and resolve issues Working as a part of a development team in a fast paced environment Excellent professional and written/verbal communications skills; well-developed negotiation skills in order to successfully bridge gaps between users and developers. 2+ years of software development experience Telecommunications industry experience is desirable. Must have Experience with Java 1.8+, Spring Boot, Spring and Groovy Must have experience working with web services (REST / SOAP) Must have experience with Apache Tomcat, Apache HTTP or WebLogic application servers Must have Experience with Agile/Scrum A working knowledge of writing SQL queries Familiar with development/deployment pipelines using tools as follows: Jira/Git/Bitbucket/Jenkins/Maven Experience with Salesforce and Salesforce development Experience with PHP, Drupal and DNN Experience with AWS Lambda Working experience with AWS services Experience with AngularJS, NodeJS, Coffeescript, Mocha Experience with Puppet, Chef or SaltStack Familiarity or experience with NetCracker Availability to work occasional weekends and evenings to meet hard deadlines and available to work occasional overnights to take part in deployment activities Ability to travel within Montreal, Ottawa, London and Toronto corridors with little advance notification; travel is typically infrequent depending on project needs 
ScrapedJobID625:
Work and communicate directly with all members of the game team on a regular basis to develop the game and its design throughout production, while remaining in-line with required timelines Write and maintain living design documents for use by design, production, development, and QA staff. Hands-on work during production including play-testing, tuning, data-entry, content creation, and some scripting. Ensure all delivered versions of assigned games are thoroughly play-tested with a design-critical approach and report all issues and required changes. Identify and help to prioritize any issues in assigned games in conjunction with production and other team leads. Identify and report any aspects of the assigned game, its design, or its development process, which may compromise its final quality or overall success. Develop—or contribute to—new concepts and game pitches for the studio as required. Play—and contribute feedback for—all games currently in development or prototyping. Contribute to the studio's growing philosophy of game design, and how we make games. Creative Director Producer / Associate Producer of assigned game QA Team Leader of assigned game Other Designers 4+ years' experience in the games industry Basic scripting experience (C#, XML / JSON, VBA) Fluency with Microsoft Excel Experience with the Unity game engine Degree (any subject)—or alternatively—games industry experience Technical knowledge of the videogame development process An avid player of both PC and console games Deep interest and knowledge in one or more mainstream sports. 
ScrapedJobID626:
Understand the challenges and objectives of the project; Identify, design and prototype game mechanics and their levels; Make rapid iterations, improve and adjust the concepts and their designs; Participate in brainstorming sessions and collaborate with the other game / level designers of the project; Participate in the development and conduct of playtest sessions; When necessary, communicate with our external partners on the progress of the project and offer them design solutions. Maintain the necessary design documentation, communicate complex concepts clearly; Work in close collaboration with the Creative Director and the producers to define the priorities and key challenges of the projects; Create concepts, universes and game systems for our clients' projects and the current pitches. Keep the Creative Director informed of the progress of the pitches and prepare the necessary documentation; Present different concepts, "defend" and justify them to clients by making sure our vision is clearly communicated; Collaborate with developers and artists to ensure that the technical, visual and audio elements align with the design of the project. Flexible schedule, possibility of reduced hours, strict policy limiting overtime; Holidays for the annual closure in December, holiday banks (paid, sick, mobile, unpaid); Training policy for the entire team; Possibility to work on personal projects; Hack week and game jam during working hours; Group Insurance, Employee Assistance Program, Online Health Platform; Group RRSPs and TFSAs; Coffee, tea, food and beer Fridays; Our culture: Sharing, Mutual aid, Autonomy, Transparency, Improvement. Minimum of 7 years of experience as a game designer; Has delivered a minimum of 2 PC / Console games; An interest in immersive storytelling is a plus; Ability to use Unreal; Experience in rapid prototyping; Great communication skills; Experience in pitching a project; Ability to manage multiple projects at the same time; Understanding of agile management methods; Excellent video game culture and good knowledge of industry trends; French & English, written and spoken. 
ScrapedJobID627:
Only applies to full-time positions. Creating production ready, high quality code that can be easily maintained and shared. Architecting entire features, innovating and promoting best practices across JCTO. Taking ownership/accountability for all aspects of a certain area of game or codebase. Promoting automated and manual code testing methodologies. Breaking down product or technical features. Understanding and communicating the long term directions for both project and framework level code. Generates new ideas. Sharing knowledge and acting as a “subject matter expert” on the team. BS/MS in Computer Science or equivalent. 5 years of relevant work experience. Expertise with the Unity game engine using C#. Strong understanding of game engines and graphics pipelines. Experience building games for mobile platforms. Ability to write code in C++, C# or other programming language and strong knowledge of game-development engines (Unity) to create games. Owns the quality of their code; helps others improve and doesn’t leave good enough alone, strives to reach greatness. Sees an area for improvement in self and others and works towards achieving it. Plans, organizes, schedules and budgets in an efficient, productive manner; focuses on key priorities. Possesses a strong willingness to work hard and sometimes long hours to get the job done. Follows through on commitments. Does not let important details slip through the cracks. Able to adjust quickly to changing priorities and conditions. Experience with XNA, Unreal Engine, OpenGL/DirectX, C++. Performance optimization skills (FPS improvements, draw calls, etc). Experience with game networking. Contributions to an open source project (include a portfolio or Github profile). Company news and events on our LinkedIn Company Blog Employee Feedback on our Comparably page Find videos on our teams and games on our Youtube 
ScrapedJobID628:
Plenty of opportunities to learn, grow your career, and wear lots of hats. Startup life – flexible, relaxed, yet high stakes work environment. Awesome coworkers who care about their work and each other’s growth. Competitive benefits include medical, dental, vision coverage. Team socials . Work with the Lead Programmer to design systems that are dynamic and scalable for the codebase. Build and implement game mechanics. Maintain the codebase to ensure it stays up to date in the event of depreciation. Develop and implement gameplay systems in a multiplayer environment. Implement game features and integrate engine features as needed to support desired gameplay. Provide hooks between low-level technology and game-level systems. Design algorithms that provide the desired gameplay results within real-time performance and memory budgets. Analyze and refactor code to optimize performance. Evaluate and communicate the potential impact of code changes. Suggest solutions to maximize features and fulfill design desires. Provide regular updates on technology risks and obstacles to designers, leads, and producers. Test, debug and document code. Mentor and train junior programmers. Education requirement: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Math, engineering, or related area or equivalent professional experience / training. 5+ years of game programming experience at indie, AA or AAA companies. Solid grasp of modern C++. Expertise in Unreal Engine 4. Strong understanding of optimization techniques both in UE4 and C++. Self direction and a proven ability to thrive in a dynamic environment. Good interdisciplinary collaboration skills, both verbal and written. Capable of working with and creating game scripting systems. Strong understanding of the coding process, standards and methodologies. Positive attitude, strong work ethic, and the ability to work in a highly collaborative team environment. Excellent analysis, problem solving, and rapid deployment of effective solutions. Ability to prioritize, plan, and organize work. History of shipping AA or AAA games. Experience on multiple platforms. Experience with VR games and titles. Demonstrated passion for games and technology. Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends Have you worked for a Triple A company? Where are you currently located? Bachelor's Degree (preferred) C++: 5 years (preferred) Unreal Engine 4: 3 years (preferred) Virtual Reality: 3 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID629:
Work in an agile dynamic environment and be involved in all technical activities within the team such as estimating, sprint planning, software development life cycle activities, code reviews, research, deployments and documentation creation. Ensure software deliverables align with the technical architecture, development standards and quality practices. Create a learning environment through collaboration, shared knowledge, and leadership. Work with business experts to create requirements and implement working software solutions. 5-10+ years of software development experience combined with industry-related experience, Previous experience working in AWS Cloud development, Experience with object-oriented development, Java or .net preferred and concurrent systems development (multithreaded, distributed, etc.), Scrum or Agile leadership is a plus, A desire to work in an entrepreneurial environment where everybody has a voice and is expected to speak up along with the ability to provide direction and mentorship to other team members, Strong problem solving and programming skills, with the ability to turn high-level goals into creative, efficient, and well-documented solutions. 
ScrapedJobID630:
Contribute from design to code to test to documentation. Cover a broad range of systems and technology: embedded, mobile, cloud, database, devops, etc. Drive integration into on-board vehicle networks and electrical systems, and backend systems. Interface internally with other developers, product managers, solution architects, and other stakeholders. Interface externally with customers, prospects, and vendors. Curious and inventive thinker; you’re not afraid to try something new. Ability to work effectively in a collaborative and time-pressured environment. Strong written and verbal communication in English. A customer-oriented view of development. Solution-oriented and constructive, able to stand up for yourself with respect. Exemplary of the Irdeto values of Trust, Accountability, Innovation, and Agility. 5+ years of full-time software development experience. Experience in agile or lean software development methods. Development on cloud platforms (i.e. AWS, GCP), using Docker, Kubernetes, and other technologies relevant for managing/monitoring cloud native applications at scale. Development of microservices and good understanding of microservices architectures. Work in a CI/CD environment. Mobile UI Development/Design with emphasis on Java and possibly Swift. Development of mobile apps for Android (and iOS). Development of embedded and/or real-time systems in C. An international & multicultural environment where diversity and inclusivity are celebrated and embraced Professional educational opportunities and training program Innovation sabbatical Volunteer Day State of the art office space On the job coaching and mentoring Flexible work arrangements – via our Work Hard Anywhere policy. Some of us run city marathons and even go on snowboarding trips together! Casual Friday? Casual every day! US$ 500 net for your home office setup after you passed your trial period And many additional perks customized to global locations (canteen, fresh fruit, amazing coffee, parking, on-site gym, yoga room to name a few) 
ScrapedJobID631:
Define the technical vision within your area of specialization (e.g. gameplay, animation, UI, physics, AI, 3D, engine, etc.) + plan its technical roadmap. Regularly meet with your programming team to discuss progress; tackle setbacks; share updates; present features; give feedback; informatively and constructively explain the root causes of risks and issues; etc. Mentor and motivate programmers to develop their technical skills + provide them with what they need to work efficiently and achieve quality (tools, pipelines, etc.). Write elegant code customized to the hardware you’re working with. Provide technical oversight by reviewing code and making technical validations. Anticipate and assess complex, escalated issues + propose adapted solutions. Synch up with other technical leads to remove blockers and keep production moving forward. Communicate with interdependent teams on other projects to exchange information. Stay up to date on technological advancements and industry standards to define our best practices + share them with our studios. An undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, or equivalent Around 7 years of programming experience + 2 years of technical leadership A deep understanding of a variety of game engines, systems, programming languages, interdependencies, and critical issues The ability to make informed, immediate decisions with minimal long-term impacts A strategic approach to problem-solving: you don’t just patch problems, you solve them so that they never happen again Excellent mentorship, interpersonal, and presentation skills A highly innovative and collaborative spirit Effective cross-departmental communication: you can easily communicate with all disciplines + break down complex information for various audiences A desire to share your knowledge to push the boundaries of technology & help others improve their skills Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, skills, and any games shipped 
ScrapedJobID632:

ScrapedJobID633:
Lead the development of the annual gross margin budget, financial forecasts, and long-term strategy planning cycles for a portfolio of titles under Executive Publisher ownership. Assess and propose title potential at Macro Region level with corresponding marketing investment. Understand market dynamics, business trends, and competitive landscape to assess impact on financial performance of supported titles. Benchmark against historical data for comparative titles (external / Internal) to determine overall ambition. Provide “real-time” finance analytical support to Executive Publisher. Act as trusted advisor, applying business judgment and financial insights to enable data-driven business decisions related to product life cycle and roadmap Collaborate and coordinate with Executive Publisher and transversal teams to understand and validate underlying business assumptions and assess risks and opportunities for title portfolio performance Work cross functionally with Production studios to understand product roadmap, game strategy and events impacting acquisition. Lead financial modeling for production gates on behalf of Publishing Synthesize data from various sources to develop complex financial analyses and models to assess financial viability of potential deals, valuation, and cannibalization impact Measure the impact and track performance of acquisition tactics, proactively work with pricing and sales team to recommend strategies to boost sales performance to Executive Publisher Support and present executive- level analysis to Executive Publisher and Sr. Leadership team. Strong bias towards action, enjoy finding patterns amidst chaos, and have demonstrated success in using analytics to drive business impact Technical skills to surface insights quickly, and interpersonal skills to communicate those insights in a way that persuades action Advance Excel skills and data manipulation of large, multi-dimensional data sets Strong analytical skills and business judgment to model sophisticated scenarios and apply insights to strategy and planning Excellent business partnering and communication skills, with a proven track record of working across all levels of the organization Your CV, your expertise and/or related experience and skills. 
ScrapedJobID634:
Work with artists and designers to create an immersive and compelling world and environment Work with existing in-game and in-library assets and create new high quality 3D environment assets Collaborate with designers to improve world layouts Optimize assets to ensure performance goals are met Recommend new techniques, tools and workflows to improve quality and efficiency At least 2-4 years’ experience in game development as an artist creating high quality environment assets for games Experience working on PC/console games is preferred Experience working on world layouts Proficient in Maya, Photoshop and ZBrush Solid technical skills with knowledge of game engines and how to export assets Optimization experience Ability to receive and deliver effective feedback Ability to work collaboratively within a multidisciplinary team Strong written and verbal communication skills 
ScrapedJobID635:
Work with the Games Studio stakeholders to model and analyze functional business requirements for required software changes Participate in the software development process from design to release including design, document and develop solutions as well as code review and peer design activities Ensure that all code written is well planned and tested thoroughly before submitting it for code-review including participating in unit and integration testing Deliver projects within project deadlines with a high degree of confidence and quality and be accountable for the changes implemented Any other requests coming from management Knowledge of Front-End technologies/languages such as HTML5, CSS (and pre-processors), JavaScript (ES5, ES6, TypeScript) and related frameworks Experience with 2D games development for mobile platforms (Web Based or Native) Experience with leading web-based gaming frameworks (Such as: Cocos, ImactJS, Unity Tiny, PhaserJS, PixiJS etc.) Experience with OO code and with any OOD coding language such as: C++, Java, C#, Python, GO is an advantage Experience with backend development is an advantage Bachelor’s degree or technical diploma in computer science, computer technology or related field Knowledge of web application development environments Experience working with Agile methodologies and JIRA is an asset Task driven with a great attitude and strong communication skills (including effective communication with remote teams) Health and dental insurance for you and your dependants The option to join our company pension scheme In-house training and development to develop your skills, progressing your career Paid for lunches, as well as fresh fruit, snacks and drinks around the office Regular on-site yoga sessions 
ScrapedJobID636:

ScrapedJobID637:
Shipped a minimum of one game, end to end, in a production role Highly capable in project management methodologies Proven leadership abilities and functioning in a senior producer role previously Experience working with Jira, Perforce, Unreal Engine, Miro, or comparable tools Experience shipping games simultaneously on PC and console Shipped FPS title(s) Experience with distributed teams Professional certification in Scrum or Project Management Located in or willing to relocate to Calgary, AB or Montreal, QC Tenure based vacation Policy Unlimited PTO and Sick Days Studio closure for one week in December Continuing Education and Personal Development Benefits Extended Health Benefits (Drug, Vision, Dental, Specialists) Cost-of-living raises Bonus Program 
ScrapedJobID638:
Project manage strategic initiatives to deliver high impact business results The ad operations prime on cross-platform integration of Digital ad products ensuring proper implementation of ad-related tools (ex: DFP, Permutive, Moat, etc.) Identify opportunities to exhibit thought leadership to create or revise tools and processes within the team that will garner better results (for both user experience and/or revenue) Drive resolution of ad-related technical issues Investigate new ad technologies and Ad Network enhancements (targeting options, cost reduction etc). Develop new products and provide creative ideas to improve our business and lead the industry in digital advertising best practices Enforce standard policies and procedures to maintain quality standards and improve customer satisfaction with Bell Media’s products and services 3+ years related experience in Ad Trafficking on Direct & Programmatic or Technical Account Management preferably within digital ads industry Strong working knowledge of one or more Ad Management Systems (Examples: Google Ad Products, FreeWheel, Cadent, Triton TAP, AdsWizz, etc) Experience with online advertising technologies (HTML5, Streaming video/audio, DAI, Pre-Bid, VAST, VPAID, VMAP) Experience with implementation of Ad product SDKs and DAI integration Working knowledge of web tools: Charles Proxy, Fiddler, developer tools, etc. Experience with troubleshooting digital platforms Web development skills an asset (ex: HTML5, JavaScript, CSS) Knowledge of IAB ad formats and emerging online trends (Examples: viewability, device identifiers, ad blocking, fraud) Understanding of and ability to troubleshoot 3rd Party vedors including dv360, appnexxus, eyeReturn, sizmek, etc Comprehensive understanding of campaign success and reporting metrics: conversions, CPM's, CPC's and CPA's Experience with online video players (ex JW Player, Brightcove, Adobe, etc) and CMS systems, an asset Understanding of the programmatic advertising landscape, and the relationship between DSPs, SSPs, and DMPs Familiar with auction based bidding fundamentals (Deal IDs, Auction Types, Open vs. Private Marketplaces) and programmatic metrics (Winning Bid Price, Bid rate, eCPM, Closing Price, etc) 
ScrapedJobID639:
Builds, modifies, and repairs electronic components, using a soldering iron, operates various test equipment, such as multimeter, logic and test probes, and verify to processing specifications. Evaluates, calibrates, and tests new equipment, Performs preventive maintenance and repair of utility, process and test equipment; troubleshoots computer interfaces to equipment. Excellent customer service skills Positive and energetic Solid work ethic Strong attention to detail Great communication skills and practices (verbal and written) Able to handle feedback, coachable Interested in personal growth and learning Mature Team player Ability to set up new adventures 10 hour shift 8 hour shift Weekend availability No 
ScrapedJobID640:
Note: Due to the Covid-19 pandemic, in order to keep all of our employees and candidates safe, SideFX is hiring and onboarding remotely Assist in the transition of the viewport rendering engine from OpenGL to Vulkan. Develop, maintain and support our existing real-time viewport renderer and its Hydra delegate. Collaborate with other R&D staff, technical directors, and artists to ensure the rendering technology provides the best solutions for interactivity, render quality, and visualization. Other duties as assigned Adjustments will be made to enable duties & responsibilities to be met working remotely considering the current Covid-19 pandemic situation. Computer Science degree or equivalent industry experience, with a record of academic and professional excellence. Industry experience with the Vulkan API Strong knowledge of C++ programming in a multi-threaded environment Experience with advanced real-time/GPU rendering algorithms and techniques Knowledge of OpenGL rendering and GLSL shader authoring History of delivering innovative, robust and scalable code Ability to learn independently, use solid judgment, and develop at a fast pace Extensive experience in algorithm optimization for memory and performance Uncanny ability to uncover and remove bugs in a large software base Excellent verbal and written communication Knowledge of Metal, Qt, and Python Knowledge of OpenCL Help refine the Vulkan-based architecture of Houdini’s next-generation viewport renderer Leverage Vulkan’s ray tracing capabilities for FX such as occlusion and subsurface scattering Convert existing GLSL shaders to Vulkan-compliant shaders Optimize interactivity with massive datasets Optimize simulation update time with compute/graphics interoperability Redesign visualization of simulation attributes Enhance area and environment lighting by means of ray tracing Ensure optimal functioning of the viewport renderer as a USD Hydra delegate Hybrid Work option - A great office in Downtown Toronto (right across from Union station) with the flexibility to work from home (most roles). You can help us test out our Hybrid Pilot Project 3 weeks’ vacation to relax and re-energize Health insurance coverage including a Health Service Spending Account (HSSA only for Canadian employees), for you and your dependents (only permanent employees) Employee Assistance Program (EAP); because sometimes we need a bit of extra support Retirement Plan with company matched contributions (only permanent employees) A highly competitive bonus structure (only permanent employees) A generous sick time entitlement to care for yourself and your loved ones Because you want to be part of a unique experience and winning team that has won an Oscar and an Emmy (Cool, right?) Because you want to be part of an industry-leading company that is constantly mindfully growing Because you want to work with some of the most talented people in the industry on a ground-breaking product Because you want to work with people from all around the world Because you want to be part of an exciting and fun industry Because you want to join and add to a positive, supportive and respected company culture Because you want your job to be GREAT! Location
Toronto, Ontario Department
Research and Development Employment Type
Full-Time Minimum Experience
Experienced 
ScrapedJobID641:
Implement solutions that solve complicated challenges around performance, scaling, and Design and develop applications, system to system interfaces and complete software Refine and enhance the development process used within our teams to drive improvements As a developer, you will manage your own time when accomplishing project goals and are As an operator, you will manage colonies of servers across multiple environments and Demonstrated software development experience in a professional development setting Knowledge of testing frameworks and source control systems (Git) Experience designing, developing, and implementing scalable and resilient restful API Experience with building and managing software packages and/or server images Experience in managing servers, networks, and infrastructure with broad knowledge of the Familiarity with building scalable distributed data processing and visualization tools Strong problem solving, algorithm design, and complexity analysis skills Exceptional communication, both written and spoken . Experience writing documentation and creating diagrams Experience working with cloud-based server environments . Experience with AWS services such as EC2, S3, RDS, Kinesis, SQS, SNS, etc. or other cloud . Familiarity with infrastructure as code tools such as CloudFormation or Terraform . Familiarity with DevOps tools such as Packer, Vagrant, Vault, and Consul Familiarity with monitoring tools such as Graphite, Influx, Statsd, Kibana and Logstash . Familiarity with databases, such as Redis, Cassandra, Elasticsearch, MySQL, or Postgres . Bachelor of Computer Science, equivalent degree or equivalent work experience . An interest in fraud detection and security 
ScrapedJobID642:
Develop weapon, vehicle, and ability mechanics in C++ Support and extend existing gameplay systems Test software in a multi-threaded networked environment and address issues as needed Learn new technologies and systems to meet our technical and business needs Work closely with both the SkyBox game team and our partners to maintain clear communication channels and a collaborative approach to game development 3+ years of experience as a C++ Software Engineer Substantial experience working in Gameplay on a professional game dev team PC and/or console game development experience Advanced math skills Proven strong written and verbal communication skills AAA experience is highly preferred Experience with network replication for games vehicle physics Runtime animation experience Experience shipping a AAA title Exposure to PIX Familiarity or experience with Perforce Experience working in a distributed working environment Experience with games as a service 
ScrapedJobID643:
405 Av. Ogilvy, Montréal, QC H3N 1M3, Canada Full-time Department: Design Location: Canada / Montreal Project: Undisclosed IP Create, pitch and prototype gameplay ideas for core combat and moment-to-moment Implement combatant character with animations and behavior using state machines, Create designs documents, content briefs, system outlines, and other means of sharing Full ownership of the produced function - from conceptual and paper design, through Ensure the core game play is strong, fun and challenging as early as possible in the You will work in engine, tweaking, scripting, and tuning your features, and help in Conduct playtest sessions for involved developers (level designers, artists, animators Collaborate with multiple disciplines, ensuring the correct partners are involved and Remain current on industry and product design trends to enhance the player’s Excellent knowledge of Unreal Engine 4 At least 6+ years of experience in the production of games for consoles and PC 4+ years of experience shipping AAA TPP/FPP shooters titles in combat or systems Demonstrated ability to communicate and align design vision with internal partners and Exceptional ability to conceptualize, pitch, and implement game systems and features Knowledge of an iterative development process and ability to quickly prototype and Excellent analytical, facilitation, and organizational skills Deep passion for gaming, preferably Shooter games Extensive experience with online action games Strong verbal and written communication skills in English High work ethic and self-motivation A familiarity with scripting languages and a strong foundation in math is beneficial Deep understanding of systems design, player psychology, and emerging industry trends is beneficial A competitive salary and performance-based bonuses Personal development opportunities and the possibility to work in a multicultural environment Work in a creative team with people full of passion for what they do Private health care & gym card Business trips and integration events Comprehensive assistance in relocation Fresh fruits, snacks, and beverages for everyone in the office Free library with a wide range of games and books In-company English language classes and Polish lessons for foreigners An informal atmosphere, no dress code, no unwanted formalities 
ScrapedJobID644:
Implement and improve various low-level systems that interface with platform APIs, i.e. memory allocators (physical and virtual), file systems, input systems, graphics APIs (Vulkan, DirectX 12, Nintendo, and PlayStation), shader compilers, etc. Analyze and continuously strive to solve and optimize problems related to a modern game engine (load times, memory usage and platform-specific performance issues) Make improvements to platform toolchains, i.e. compiler/linker support, deployment to device, SDK upgrades, platform-specific data management tools, debugger integration, crash reporting, etc. Help us embrace, support, extend and enhance our engine for future hardware Extensive experience with C++ Experience with a broad range of engineering areas in shipping games or real-time visualization systems, with special attention given to low-level code and deep optimization Experience with OS-level systems on Xbox One, Xbox Series X/S, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Switch and Stadia Well-versed in software engineering principles, especially API design Familiarity with development tools and profiling on game consoles, including PIX, Razor, Renderdoc, etc. You're user-focused, passionate, scrappy, solutions-focused, and innovative. These traits equal success at Epic and influence everything we do. 
ScrapedJobID645:

ScrapedJobID646:
Collaborate with your fellow colleagues to build, operate, and progress the Harbour platform. Foster relationships with service development teams to understand their online needs and provide guidance. Act as a studio-wide reference on code scalability, resiliency architecture, deployment automation, risk management, and more. Implement tools and work methods to facilitate the safe and controlled deployment of services + set up and improve incident management processes. Monitor the platform, keeping an ever-watchful eye on availability, latency, performance, and capacity + diagnose and resolve technical issues. Take part in an on-call rotation to handle live service emergencies. Create and maintain technical documentation to transfer knowledge. Security expertise with Cloud providers (AWS) through orchestration, containerization and network management. Experience in site reliability, software development, or system administration (or other relevant experience) Proficiency in either Python, C#, or Go In-depth knowledge of Docker and Kubernetes, CI/CD processes, and public cloud services (preferably AWS) Experience with:
Agile methodologyconfiguration management software, like AnsibleLinux systems administrationa version control system, such as GitInfrastructure as Code tools, like Terraform Agile methodology configuration management software, like Ansible Linux systems administration a version control system, such as Git Infrastructure as Code tools, like Terraform A desire to automate everything possible & to understand current limitations and find ways to overcome them Critical thinking, resourcefulness, and plenty of flexibility Solid interpersonal and communication skills A collaborative, innovative, and user-centric spirit An investigative approach to problem-solving: you’re not one to scratch the surface; you care to get to the root cause of issues and come up with long-term solutions to resolve them Your CV, highlighting your background and skills 
ScrapedJobID647:

ScrapedJobID648:
Work closely with the Art Director and dev team to define and communicate visual direction. Create a wide variety of concept art including characters, creatures, environments, structures, and props. Explore, revise, and iterate on visual designs quickly and efficiently. Provide in-depth research and reference materials to help drive visual development. Work on polished key art and marketing pieces. Consistently deliver work of the highest caliber that can inspire the team. 3+ years of industry experience Excellent design sense, illustration skills, and art fundamentals Ability to quickly generate wide ranges of visual ideas Ability to work in a collaborative environment Strong practice of visual research 3D software experience You have a passion for games (with a leaning towards the strategy genre) You’re up-to-date with pop culture You have an understanding of the history of art, architecture, design, and fashion 
ScrapedJobID649:

ScrapedJobID650:
A healthy work/life balance and employee wellness. Exhausted developers are bad developers. We want you to enjoy your life outside of work A great bonus structure and generous vacation allowance We care about your career and foster a culture of learning. We provide dedicated time to improve your skills, lunch and learns, online and live courses, knowledge sharing between team members, and many more opportunities We value open, honest communication between team members, challenging each other to continually improve We take our work seriously, but ourselves a little less so. Events are planned throughout the year to celebrate our successes, be it backyard BBQs, bowling, or game nights A company subsidized cafeteria with a variety of daily options Flexible work arrangements and remote work arrangements for those who meet the distance qualification. We also give an additional day off each year so that you can spend that time helping a charitable organization Lead a team of developers to design and develop high-performance, scalable applications and database solutions Mentor junior and intermediate team members in good coding practices and new technologies Contribute business and technical expertise to the development and planning process Research and recommend appropriate new technologies to the team and management Provide system design recommendations based on long-term IT organization strategy Investigate and analyze production system problems and recommend workable solutions Provide on call production support Document all program and system changes for ease of future support A strong technical background with high proficiency in Visual Basic 6, .Net 4.8 and CORE, C#, and Windows Forms with at least 5 years of relevant experience A solid knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server, Transact SQL, ADO.NET and Entity Framework with at least 5 years of relevant experience; SSRS, SSIS (assets) A working knowledge of API development including RESTful services and tools such as Postman and Swagger A working knowledge of technologies like LINQ, Regex, JSON, XML, XSD, SOAP, and WSDL Hands on experience using testing frameworks with priority on NUnit and Visual Studio Experience with Azure DevOps Server, Team Foundation Server, and GIT Experience working as part of an agile team (an asset) Experience with Office products (Word, Excel, Visio) Excellent communication, interpersonal, analytical, and organizational skills Degree or diploma in Computer Science or a related field General knowledge of insurance industry (an asset) 
ScrapedJobID651:
Assemble finished digital collectibles using content delivered from the NBA on a regular cadence. QA the collectibles to ensure accuracy of the information and a high level of production quality. Maintain a steady flow of new content as games are played. Collaborate on the upcoming stream of collectibles and merchandising strategy. Create collections of content during the offseason. Extensive knowledge of the NBA, the players, it’s history and what fans want. Deep understanding of NBA fans and the culture of basketball. Excellent and up to date knowledge of basketball rules and terminology. Experience with sports collectibles/trading cards and the collector mindset. Proficient with computer data entry. Able to quickly learn and master custom computer tools and interfaces. Excellent verbal and written skill. Able to work evenings and weekends as needed. Confident team collaborator who is comfortable taking direction or setting direction. Solid communication skills with the ability to interact at all levels of management. 
ScrapedJobID652:
Assemble finished digital collectibles using content delivered from the NBA on a regular cadence. QA the collectibles to ensure accuracy of the information and a high level of production quality. Maintain a steady flow of new content as games are played. Collaborate on the upcoming stream of collectibles and merchandising strategy. Create collections of content during the offseason. Extensive knowledge of the NBA, the players, it’s history and what fans want. Deep understanding of NBA fans and the culture of basketball. Excellent and up to date knowledge of basketball rules and terminology. Experience with sports collectibles/trading cards and the collector mindset. Proficient with computer data entry. Able to quickly learn and master custom computer tools and interfaces. Excellent verbal and written skill. Able to work evenings and weekends as needed. Confident team collaborator who is comfortable taking direction or setting direction. Solid communication skills with the ability to interact at all levels of management. 
ScrapedJobID653:
Working with the business to determine and streamline inefficiencies by leveraging scripts, programming languages, and/or associated tools Working with respective subject matter experts to establish efficiencies within their workstreams Collaborating with other KM ITS organizations to standardize on development efforts Participating in the development of processes, documentation, and training material Handling multiple assignments, managing priorities, and meeting strict deadlines Acting as an escalation point for their area of expertise Outstanding communicator with client first mentality Team player with an ability to work with multiple stakeholders and departments Committed to continuous professional development and training Innovative and passionate about technology and efficiency Experience with automation integration, testing, and deployment methodologies Experience with the following technology
C# .Net 4.6+
Visual Studio 2015, 2017+
ASP.NET MVC, Web API, and REST API
Entity Framework
CSS
JS/JQuery
PowerShell
SQL Server 2012+
Git, Gitlab C# .Net 4.6+ Visual Studio 2015, 2017+ ASP.NET MVC, Web API, and REST API Entity Framework CSS JS/JQuery PowerShell SQL Server 2012+ Git, Gitlab Familiarity with Agile and Scrum methodologies Familiarity with Microsoft Azure / Office 365 College diploma or University Degree

What We Offer A collaborative, transparent, and engaging culture, working with awesome technology! Competitive salary and performance-based variable compensation Paid Professional Development time Plenty of vacation and personal days Flexible work options Lucrative employee referral program Employee benefits including RRSP matching and WorkPerks (corporate discounts on travel, fitness programs, and shopping!) Vibrant social crew to organize team events, fundraising, and community initiatives Endless opportunities to learn and grow Fully equipped gym facilities Rec room with pool table, foosball, and video games 
ScrapedJobID654:
Perform hands-on software design and development Implement software based on provided design from Architecture Work closely with multiple game studios to develop commercial gaming applications Write unit tests and perform peer design/code reviews Work closely with requirements engineers to estimate and developed to quality products Promote high quality and timely completion of projects Work with onsite and remote teams Strive for continuous improvement in efficiency Deliver top quality feature rich software on time on budget Computer Science Bachelor's degree, College degree or equivalent experience Proficiency in C++, C# Knowledge of software debugging tools Good understanding of Object-Oriented Programming Priority consideration will be given to candidates with familiarity design patterns, code quality, and unit testing Solid experience with version control systems Game development experience Familiarity and experience with production deployment and troubleshooting Must be able to pass a security investigation Familiarity with popular game engines Experience with build automation tools like Jenkins Safeguards platform assets by identifying and solving potential and actual security problems Protects system by defining access privileges, control structures, processes, and resources Implements security solutions by assessing current situation, evaluating trends and anticipating requirements Building collaborative relationships Decision making Drive results Foster innovation Personal energy 
ScrapedJobID655:
Quickly gains proficiency when exposed to unfamiliar technical patterns, systems, or languages Is able to unblock individuals when they are faced with technical challenges Is a strong communicator who can collaborate well with other non-technical functions (e.g. Product & Design) Has the courage to try out new tools, fail fast, and dive into unknowns to solve new and challenging problems Familiar with our commonly used technology choices (Golang, Node, Javascript) Developing DApps or interacting with blockchains Understands the deployment process, and is comfortable with Docker, containers, and Kubernetes Event driven architecture, familiarity with kafka and comfort with having eventual consistency across multiple services Has a strong understanding of application and API security 
ScrapedJobID656:
Join a growing multidisciplinary team of developers contributing to improve our Unity platform Participate in exciting internal or external project evaluations with a focus on performance and quality Improve customer success by honing, architecting and developing new technologies based on real cases experiences Build up relationships with Unity's various R&D teams and capture domain specific skills Provide fierce feedback Unity's future technologies Game developer industry standard skill set that can plan tasks efficiently, develop as well as profile, debug and optimize code in multi-platform environments (Unity experience being a plus). Strong programming skills in C# (or C++). Experience with or ability to learn C# is a requirement Experience in shipping multiple games or other real-time interactive applications, including a proven understanding of software development lifecycles Great communication skills with ability to work in a multi-disciplinary team as well as write technical reports Comfortable with taking ownership on domains outside of expertise and work autonomously Extensive experience in a specific domain like 3D graphics, AR/VR, animation or core programming is a plus Experience in multithreaded programming Cutting edge proficiency of the C# standard and its ecosystem 
ScrapedJobID657:
This group performs some or all of the following duties: Computer programmers Write, modify, integrate and test software code Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications May lead and co-ordinate teams of computer programmers May research and evaluate a variety of software products. Interactive media developers Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive video games, Internet and mobile applications Program special effects software for film and video applications Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce, Internet and mobile applications Assist in the collection and documentation of user requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications May lead and co-ordinate teams of interactive media developers May research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products. Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID658:
Programming of generic VR components in Unreal, with both C++ and blueprints. Development of content tools and maintaining of art, sound and design pipelines. Integration with backend clusters and other web-connected systems. Development of tests, test harnesses and CI infrastructure. Technical design documentation writing and part-taking in agile/lean development planning. Code reviews, mentoring and occasional supervision of junior developers and interns. Keeping up to date on relevant technologies that include real-time rendering techniques and advancement in VR software and hardware solutions. Technical decision making, occasional leadership and helping to drive the quality bar higher. Excellent knowledge of Unreal Engine 4 / 5 and C++ or Unity and C# Solid understanding of development for VR headsets such as HTC Vive, Oculus, Samsung Gear, Microsoft’s HoloLens and Google ARCore platforms. Minimum 5+ years of progressively complex related experience. Successfully shipped at least two VR experiences or successful game titles or can clearly explain what works and what does not in VR, as well as why. Strong knowledge of relevant CG math, concepts and software engineering. Experience with multiuser (player) VR and/or multimodal user feedback.
B.Sc. in Computer Science, B.Eng. Computer Engineering, equivalent degrees or self-taught. Proven exceptional problem-solving and decision-making skills. Great communication, organization and collaboration skills. Capable of working in a team environment or independently, of working remotely as well as on-site, and of providing mentorship as well hands-on coding. Adept in fast-paced environments, multi-tasking and attention to detail. Opportunity to grow and develop professionally. Competitive salary with health care and sport packages. Creative and international working environment. Modern office with game consoles, VR setup and access to all note-worthy VR experiences. 
ScrapedJobID659:
Develop and maintain highly available single page applications and underlying application infrastructure. Work with gift card program staff to identify work and see it to completion. Work with external game partners to identify API integration needs. Help team leads identify technology requirements and project risks. Maintain platform documentation. Contribute to code reviews. Bachelor's degree in computer science, related field, or equivalent training and professional experience. 3+ years of experience developing backend services in a language like NodeJS, Ruby, Java or Go. 3+ years working experience with a frontend framework like Angular or React. Excellent communication skills Familiarity with Amazon Web Services (AWS) or another major cloud provider. Familiarity with Linux. Familiarity with various database technologies (we use MySQL) Working experience with serverless / lambdas. Familiarity with Docker. Familiarity with load testing. Multiple platform development experience (Linux, Windows, OSX) Développer et maintenir des applications monopages hautement disponibles et l'infrastructure applicative sous-jacente. Travailler avec l'équipe du programme de cartes cadeaux pour identifier les tâches à compléter et les mener à bien. Travailler avec les partenaires de jeu externes pour identifier les besoins d'intégration des API. Aider les chefs d'équipe à identifier les exigences technologiques et les risques du projet. Maintenir la documentation de la plate-forme. Contribuer aux revues de code. Baccalauréat en informatique, dans un domaine connexe, ou formation et expérience professionnelle équivalentes. 3+ ans d'expérience dans le développement de services backend dans un langage comme NodeJS, Ruby, Java ou Go. 3+ ans d'expérience de travail avec un framework frontend comme Angular ou React. Excellentes compétences en communication Familiarité avec Amazon Web Services (AWS) ou un autre grand fournisseur de cloud. Familiarité avec Linux. Familiarité avec diverses technologies de bases de données (nous utilisons MySQL). Expérience de travail avec serverless / lambda. Familiarité avec Docker. Familiarité avec les tests de charge. Expérience en développement sur plusieurs plateformes (Linux, Windows, OSX). 
ScrapedJobID660:
Lead a team of programmers towards the goals of a project Identify where to focus team resources in order to achieve the goal of the project Provide technical advice and solutions to other areas of the development team Interview for new team members for both cultural and technical alignment Advising, designing, prototyping, implementing and refining of game systems. Adapting to unfamiliar areas of code or concepts when investigating a problem. Be a positive motivator for the rest of the programming team to create a healthy work environment. Coordinating with the testing team to work on fixes for bugs. Working and coordinating with members of other departments on cross-department features [e.g., sound, animation, VFX]. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or equivalent. Minimum of 6 years full time experience working as a software engineer; preferably within the games industry. Minimum 2 years full time experience working as a lead software engineer, preferably within the games industry At least one shipped game title; preferably using Unreal Engine. Excellent understanding and experience using modern software engineering practices such as peer reviews, scrum, CI/CD and testing Excellent understanding of C++. Experience with game engines, preferably Unreal Engine Familiarity with command line tools and operations. Competitive salary Health and dental benefits Wellness spending account 6 weeks vacation including a paid annual week-long company trip Wonderful colleagues! 
ScrapedJobID661:
Collaborate with individuals and teams within the Engineering organization to produce and maintain high-quality documentation for a variety of different uses, such as process documentation, architecture, FAQs, technical specifications, etc. Partner with stakeholders across Engineering to create and maintain relevant documentation for onboarding new hires Create an internal content strategy for developing, publishing, maintaining and finding relevant information Help organize and curate our existing documentation on Confluence, Google Docs, and other documentation platforms as needed Develop and host workshops and information sessions to help train team members about documentation best practices Have 3+ years working as a Technical Writer in an Engineering organization Demonstrate experience in technical writing for software or infrastructure projects and creating technical documentation for developers Showcase strong interpersonal skills and the ability to build relationships across multiple teams Have superior verbal and written communication skills Possess a keen eye for detail Be comfortable using Confluence, Jira, and GitHub Experience with information architecture Be part of a team of incredibly talented, passionate, and driven people focused on building and innovating on a best-in-class learning platform Make an impact with your work—each person has an equal opportunity to contribute to our goals and every day, we get to see how Thinkific is empowering both course creators and their students Join one of the fastest-growing companies in Canada and find opportunities to grow in your own career—offering advancement opportunities for our team members is important to us! Contribute to Thinkific's award-winning culture—we're one of Canada's Most Admired Corporate Cultures and a certified Great Place to Work! We offer competitive salaries, a comprehensive benefits package including health, dental, vision, and mental health coverage, and an Employee and Family Assistance Program to support the wellbeing of you and your family Whether you're at our Vancouver HQ or working from home, you'll have the opportunity to build meaningful relationships with Thinkers on your team and across the company through team-wide events, meet and greets with new team members, and regular social events Have fun with our team, even while we're working remotely—join us for an online games session, virtual trivia and paint nights, at-home fitness challenges, or even an online coffee brewing demo! Get additional health and wellness support through a lifestyle or health spending account to put your dollars where you need it most, whether that's subsidizing your gym membership, covering out-of-pocket expenses, or getting new gear Enjoy our open vacation policy and flexible work environment, because we know the importance of having a great work-life balance (and sometimes, you do your best work in slippers) Learn and Grow is one of our values and we take it seriously, providing opportunities through lunch and learns, training, workshops, mentorship, and our $1500 education allowance Grow your career AND your family at Thinkific—you'll be taken care of with our parental leave top-ups as you add to your family Meet the many @dogsofthinkific (and yes, they're as cute and cuddly as they look) Work with the hardware you're most comfortable with, and upgrade or replace your system when you need to with our technology bonus Get set up for success, whether that's at the office or at home. Whether you need a monitor, laptop stand, keyboard, mouse, or even a desk, we'll work to ensure you have what you need to do your best work Be confident bringing your whole self to work—we're proud to be an inclusive company with a diverse team and values grounded in ethics and equality Here at Thinkific, we know that the different perspectives on our team have led to amazing ideas, more innovation, and, ultimately, our success as a company. Our team welcomes applicants of all backgrounds, experiences, beliefs, identities, and statuses. Whoever you are—we can't wait to meet you! 
ScrapedJobID662:
Analyzing, debugging, and improving existing tools, plugins, and testing frameworks Defining needs and building new tools and optimizing existing ones Helping solving technical challenges by maintaining regular communication with the content teams (Artist, Level Designers) Testing, debugging, profiling, and optimizing tools implementations Creating and maintaining high-quality documentation Actively attending to code review At least 3 years of professional software development experience or production of games for consoles or PC Skills in writing UIs with a toolkit such as wxWidgets, WPF, QT, Slate, Windows Forms Great skills in C/C++/C# Ability to write solid, reliable, efficient code Being able to work efficiently under tight deadlines Strong verbal and written communication skills in English Open-minded team player attitude Strong work ethic and self-motivated Passionate about playing and making video games
Nice to have Experience in game dev Familiarity with Unreal engine Shipped at least 1 AAA title BS (or higher) in Computer Science or similar discipline (Physics, Math, EE, etc.) Competitive salary Personal development opportunities and the possibility to work in a multicultural environment Working with highly-skilled, senior-level professionals Being part of a young organization and having a true impact on your daily work Opportunity to work on innovative, exciting AAA projects with the newest technologies An informal atmosphere, no dress code, no unwanted formalities 
ScrapedJobID663:
7+ years of experience working as a software developer. Great partnership, communication and coordination skills. Computational problem solving skills. Experience with OOP and working in agile development models. Experience building large-scale web sites. Proficiency in C#. Proficiency in ASP.NET. Proficiency in HTML 5, CSS3 and JavaScript/TypeScript. Proficiency in AngularJS or ReactJs. Knowledge of the Web UX industry today. Bachelor’s degree Computer Science, related discipline or equivalent work experience. Experience with Web UX design. Collaboration and leadership skills, with ability to mentor other engineers. 
ScrapedJobID664:
Are you happiest when you’re taking all the pieces and making them work together without a hitch with rock-solid code? Would you like to build across the full range of functionality of our global infrastructure as well as get opportunities to do technical design and architecture? Are you excited about creating efficient tools and streamlined development experiences for our team? Implement solutions that solve complicated challenges around performance, scaling, and security while instrumenting services to provide high quality insight into emerging issues Design and develop applications, system to system interfaces and complete software solutions, perform vendor-related activities, and create documentation such as user guides and software development guides Refine and enhance the development process used within our teams to drive improvements to development efficiency As a developer, you will manage your own time when accomplishing project goals and are encouraged to grow your skills with continual learning, workshops, conferences, and talks. Leadership is technical, meetings are short As an operator, you will manage colonies of servers across multiple environments and regions, deploying updates, migrating databases, and architecting self-healing infinitely scaling services Demonstrated software development experience in a professional development setting Java experience, or experience with at least one object-oriented language such as Java, C#, C++, Python, or Scala with some prior experience with Java Knowledge of testing frameworks and source control systems Experience designing, developing, and implementing scalable and resilient restful API services Experience with building and managing software packages and/or server images Experience in managing servers, networks, and infrastructure with broad knowledge of the following: Linux, networking, servers, virtualization, security, availability, resiliency, redundancy, alerting, and monitoring Familiarity with building scalable distributed data processing and visualization tools Strong problem solving, algorithm design, and complexity analysis skills Exceptional communication, both written and spoken Experience writing documentation and creating diagrams Experience working with cloud-based server environments Experience with AWS services such as EC2, S3, RDS, Kinesis, SQS, SNS, etc. or other cloud providers Familiarity with infrastructure as code tools such as CloudFormation or Terraform Familiarity with DevOps tools such as Packer, Vagrant, Vault, and Consul Familiarity with monitoring tools such as Graphite, Influx, Statsd, Kibana and Logstash Familiarity with databases, such as Redis, Cassandra, Elasticsearch, MySQL, or Postgres Bachelor of Computer Science, equivalent degree or equivalent work experience An interest in fraud detection and security 
ScrapedJobID665:

ScrapedJobID666:
Develop a modern build solution, improving build distribution by harnessing tools and tech to manage dependencies (NuGet, Docker, etc.). Continuously improve productivity processes: compilation, build process, test execution, etc. Integrate new and evolve existing solutions to handle distributed testing and complex, multi-platform integration testing + implement metrics and tools to monitor quality and performance. Collaborate with game development teams to enhance our current deployment processes for SDKs (Artefactory/Conan, etc.) and online services (Docker, Kubernetes, etc.). Evaluate and implement technologies + review and adapt our best practices. Gather and understand team needs to enrich the pipeline, help replicate it, and make it a new standard for a wide range of SDKs and online services. Be a go-to person in all DevOps-related topics (automation, infrastructure definition, configuration management, deployment, system and service monitoring, integration, continuous delivery, etc.). Experience in software development and C++/C# build process automation In-depth knowledge of CI/CD pipelines and deployment tools (ideally for both SDKs and online services: Git/GitLab, Jenkins/Team City or equivalent, NuGet, Artifactory, Conan, and Docker/Kubernetes) Understanding of scripting languages A degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering (or related training) Solid communication and interpersonal skills: you’re able to collaborate with an array of teams from a variety of technical backgrounds Attention to detail, critical thinking, resourcefulness, and plenty of flexibility The ability to solve problems and take initiative + quickly grasp and adapt to new tools and environments Your CV, highlighting your background and skills 
ScrapedJobID667:
Maintain and extend "Unity WebGL", Unity's Web-based platform Prepare Unity for next-gen Web-based frameworks (WebGPU) Help build 1.0 of Project CloudLab, Unity's new platform for Web-based content authoring tools. Collaborate with Unity R&D across the globe on core engine improvements and requirements, but also enable developers to ship the best games and experiences possible for the Web Communicate with browser vendors such as Google, Mozilla, Apple and Microsoft to help keep Unity at the frontier of the Web's ever-changing landscape Strong C++/C and JavaScript skills Strong initiative and ability to work independently Excellent communication skills Performance-minded development Development experience with technologies such as LLVM, WebGL, Emscripten and/or WebAssembly Working knowledge of current Web Standards and browser compatibility OpenGL experience, C# development experience and/or experience using Unity's engine and tools Assurer la maintenance et le développement de Unity WebGL, la plateforme Web de Unity Préparer Unity pour les infrastructures Web de nouvelle génération (WebGPU) Participer à la conception de la version 1.0 du projet CloudLab, la nouvelle plateforme de Unity pour les outils de création de contenu sur le Web Collaborer avec le service de recherche et développement de Unity dans le monde entier au sujet des améliorations et des exigences du moteur de base, mais également permettre aux développeur(euse)s de proposer les meilleurs jeux et expériences possible pour le Web Communiquer avec les fournisseurs de navigateurs comme Google, Mozilla, Apple et Microsoft pour aider à maintenir Unity à la pointe du paysage en constante évolution du Web De solides compétences en C++/C et JavaScript Un sens de l'initiative et la capacité de travailler de manière autonome D'excellentes capacités de communication Un souci du développement des performances Une expérience de développement avec des technologies telles que LLVM, WebGL, Emscripten et/ou WebAssembly Une connaissance pratique des normes Web actuelles et de la compatibilité des navigateurs Une expérience avec OpenGL, une expérience de développement avec C# et/ou une expérience de l'utilisation du moteur et des outils Unity 
ScrapedJobID668:
Monitoring 3D Team's art direction & working with the Project Manager to follow/maintain the deadline; Oversee and Mentor the 3D Team; Shoulder the responsibility of the quality and completion of all work projects assigned to members of the UA team Participate in and provide regular opportunities for professional development and growth to team Create high and low polygon 3D scenes/props in Max / Maya / Unreal Develop a beautiful cohesive layout with 3D assets resulting in an immersive Unreal scene. Create and modify existing textures with the latest techniques (diffuse, normal, specular, and emissive) Create marketing images for Appstore and advertisements (renders, screenshots) Conceptualize campaign vision, harnessing original graphics, copy, content websites, social media, and other marketing materials ; Develop creative briefs based on ideas established in brainstorming sessions with direction, schedules, and expected deliverables for the UA team Work together with HRs for interviews & performance reviews & pass probation reviews etc. Anticipate problems that may impede a project from completing on time and implementing solutions; Other tasks assigned by the Team 6 + years of experience in a 3D/2D Artist role in the videogames/VFX/Animation industry - Art Sense(Our New Mobile Game is in need of the look for 3D render to 2D style); Experience in a Lead Artist role in the videogames/VFX/Animation industry. Ability to work in a fast paste work environment, with good leadership skills, and to delegate work accordingly. Must be creative, detail-oriented, and able to handle multiple projects under pressure; Self-motivated and proactive & Strong problem-solving skillset; Positive attitude and a genuine team player; Excellent interpersonal and communication skills with leads and team members of different departments. Ability to take direction well; Strong knowledge in Maya or 3DS Max, Hand-Painting Skills, Photoshop, and Substance Painter; Tileable texture creation with Substance Designer Expert knowledge of lighting techniques; Versatile, flexible, and willing to do what's needed in a fast-moving environment; Share knowledge and open to learning from others; Passion for videogames and extensive knowledge of different game genres across all platforms Knowledge of Unreal engine; Proven track record of art assets on projects that have made it to market Interest in pop culture, movies, and games Understanding of typography, the basic principles of design, and color theory Proven portfolio showing an ability to manage diverse styles Familiarity with casual games on iOS and Android platforms Previous experience with the development and shipment of AAA titles Proficiency in various shader techniques including light mapping, ambient occlusion, specular. Experience creating real-time visual effects and particle systems; Proficiency in various shader techniques; Comprehensive benefits after 3 months include extended health, dental, vision & prescription coverage. Paid Vacation + paid Sick days: 18 days(accumulated and based on percentage earning) Active Living Benefits (such as Fitness Memberships, Registration fees for team sports reimbursement) after 3 months Training and development fee reimbursement after 3 months Dependent Child Benefit Paid Holiday Closure between Christmas & New Year week Statutory paid holidays RRSP matching after 1 year Monthly Commute Allowance after 3 months Monthly Team lunch On-site car and Bike Parking Work hours: 10 am to 6 pm with 1 hour paid lunch. Foosball & Pool Tables on site Gym on site Dress code: Casual Child Gift Lots of snacks, drinks available Random extra Bonus/Gifts Referral Bonus 
ScrapedJobID669:
Agir à titre de coach auprès de son équipe; Responsable de l'attribution et de la livraison du sprint et des milestones; Participer au développement des méthodes de travail (méthodologies, outils et technologies); Garantir la performance de son équipe; Participer à l’architecture conceptuelle et la réalisation du produit; Participer à définir les exigences techniques clés pour répondre aux besoins du client; Estimer les temps de travail avec les membres de l’équipe de développement; Responsable de la livraison à temps du sprint / milestone; Communication / synchronisation avec les autres chefs de service sur le projet; Effectuer un contrôle qualité sur le travail effectué; Accueillir et intégrer les nouveaux employés; 50% de gestion - 50% de code (variable par projet et équipe). Act as a coach with his team; Responsible for assignation and delivery of sprint and milestone; Participate in the development of working methods (methodologies, tools and technologies); Guarantee the performance of his team ; Participate in the conceptual architecture and the realization of games Participate in defining key technical requirements to meet customer needs; Estimate working times with members of the development team; Responsible for on time delivery of sprint / milestone; Communication / synchronisation with other department leads on the project; Perform quality control on the work performed; Welcome and integrate new employees; 50% management - 50% Code (variable per project and team). Expérience de travail en développement web; Expérience dans un environnement multi-projets; Plus de 5 ans d'expérience en équipe technique et en gestion de programmation; Maîtrise de Drupal, PHP; Expérience avec tout autres environnement de développement (atout); Le bilinguisme (français et anglais) est un atout. Work experience in web development; Experience in a multi-project environment; More than 5 years experience in technical team and programming management; Mastery of Drupal, PHP; Experience with any other development environment (asset); Bilingualism (French and English) is an asset. Salaire compétitif ; Assurances collectives offrant une couverture pour un large éventail de soins de santé, les soins dentaires, l’assurance salaire courte et longue durée et une assurance voyage ; REER collectif avec contribution avantageuse de l’employeur ; Stationnement gratuit ; Horaire régulier de 37,5 heures par semaine ; Projets originaux et variés ; Collations santé offertes gratuitement tous les jours ; Réel impact sur les projets ; Accès à ton propre espace personnalisé au cœur d’un espace ouvert, lumineux et branché ; Des clients d’envergure internationale dans les domaines du jouet et du divertissement ; Travailler avec des gens compétents et talentueux ; Une culture du jeu très forte ; Des activités sociales et beaucoup de plaisir ! Competitive salary; Group insurance offering health, disability and dental coverage and travel coverage; RRSP program including an employer contribution; Free parking; Schedule of 37,5 hours per week; Work on original and various projects; Free healthy snacks offered every day; Real impact on your projects; Own personalized space in our bright, comfortable and trendy open environment; Top international clients in the toys and entertainment business. Does Hasbro, Disney, Cartoon Network, Warner Brothers ring a bell? Work with talented and competent people; Strong gaming culture; Social events and a lot of fun! 
ScrapedJobID670:
Apply software engineering techniques to the creation of prototypes and reliable and high-performance tools for game development teams. Work closely with product teams to create complete packages that meet production quality criteria (robustness, documentation, completeness, and performance). Develop and maintain frameworks, libraries, and development tools to facilitate the use of machine learning tools in production. Provide support to production team members by communicating the capabilities and limitations of their products. Contribute to efforts to promote machine learning techniques throughout the company by creating training content and participating in outreach initiatives. Identify opportunities to improve products and make them sustainable. A degree in computer science or software engineering (or related training) At least 3 years of experience in software development or other relevant experience Excellent knowledge of Python programming language Excellent knowledge of machine learning concepts and practices Excellent knowledge of at least one machine learning framework (such as TensorFlow or PyTorch) Good knowledge of big data development and NoSQL and SQL data modeling Good knowledge of data transportation, transformation, storage, and integrity concepts and practices Experience with Git Knowledge of data pipeline alerting and monitoring systems Knowledge of public Cloud services (AWS, Azure, GCP) Knowledge of Docker and Kubernetes considered Your CV, highlighting your background, experience, and skills. 
ScrapedJobID671:
Working with different project managers and back-ernd developers to technically design and use patterns for final project Writing code and ensuring compatibility through different mechanisim Produce technical documentation for external and internal purposes Develop and innovate different applications for the company and to mentor these ideas to team members 4+ years in the gaming industry or mobile application development experience Need to be knowledgeable on dynamic data (JSON, XML, AMF) Experience developing with one of the following areas: Experience with Java, PHP, Node, Python Experience with SQL and ORM 
ScrapedJobID672:
Mettre en application des solutions techniques et créatives tout en développant des expériences interactives originales dans les jeux vidéo, en RV, RA et dans d’autres technologies émergentes. Travailler avec les responsables de la production et de l’équipe artistique pour transformer des exigences techniques et créatives ambiguës en tâches bien définies. Collaborer avec les artistes, les concepteurs et les producteurs pour établir l’ordre de priorité du travail et un échéancier. Être proactif dans la détermination des tâches et des problèmes auxquels il faudra s’attaquer. Faire preuve d’une compréhension approfondie des logiciels d’architecture et de la conception. Mettre au point un code précis, structurable et bien documenté. Élargir les capacités créatives et la vision de notre équipe grâce à l’expérimentation, à la recherche et au perfectionnement professionnel continus. Expérience d’au moins quatre ans reliée à l’industrie de la programmation avec un portfolio d’applications publiés ou de jeux vidéos. Baccalauréat, de préférence en informatique, ou diplôme dans une discipline liée à la technologie. Maîtrise de Unity et C# Expérience dans le développement, le déploiement et le soutien de jeux vidéo et d’applications mobiles réussis. Enthousiasme à travailler sur une grande variété de tâches. Capacité de mener plusieurs tâches de front, de travailler sous pression et de respecter les échéances. Capacité d’évaluer la charge de travail et d’exécuter le travail dans le délai prévu. Attitude positive et capacité de travailler dans un environnement collaboratif et d’interagir positivement avec les artistes, les producteurs et les autres intervenants du cycle de développement de logiciels. Travailleur autonome et motivé. Capacité de prendre l’initiative de s’acquitter des tâches ci-dessus et d’autres tâches qui faciliteront le fonctionnement de l’organisation. Expérience dans l’organisation de centres de divertissement hors foyer, d’évènement en direct et d’espaces d’installation. Connaissance des consoles (XB1, PS4 ou Switch) Maîtrise du langage C# et Python Connaissance d’outils audio, comme FMOD ou Wwise Expérience de programmation en réseau et pour joueurs multiples Une certaine expérience des logiciels 3D comme Maya ou 3DS Max Employ technical and creative solutions while developing original interactive experiences in games, VR, AR and other emerging technologies Work with production and art team leads to turn ambiguous technical and creative requirements into well-defined tasks Collaborate with artists, designers, and producers to prioritize and schedule work Be proactive in identifying tasks and problems that will need to be tackled Demonstrate an in-depth understanding of Software Architecture and Design Write clean, maintainable, and well-documented code Expand our team’s creative capabilities and vision through continued experimentation, research and professional development 4+ years related industry programming experience with a portfolio of published apps or games Preferred BS in Computer Science or technology related degree Excellent proficiency in Unity, C# Experience developing, deploying and supporting successful games and mobile applications Enthusiasm for working on a wide variety of tasks Ability to multi-task, work under pressure and meet deadlines required Ability to estimate work load and execute on the work in the time estimated Have a positive attitude with the ability to work in a collaborative environment, interacting successfully with artists, producers, and others during software development cycle Self-motivated and independent worker. Must take initiative in handling above duties and additional tasks which will aid the function of the organization. Experience in LBE / Live Events / Installation space Console experience (XB1, PS4, or Switch) Experience in Unreal, C++ and Python Experience with audio tools like FMOD or Wwise Network and multiplayer programming experience Some experience with 3D software like Maya or 3DS Max 
ScrapedJobID673:
Develop and support computer applications; Participate in the development of the architecture and design; Team up with project managers for functional analysis and customer challenges; Be aware of business needs and the achievement of objectives at each stage of the project; Apply and improve internal design and programming methods; Evaluate the impact of proposed solutions on existing systems to ensure that they will increase productivity and collaboration between teams and studios; Analyze the features of the systems to ensure that they meet the needs and are reliable; Be on the lookout for new techniques and propose development tools; Plan tasks, manage risks and impacts of developments; Communicate the progress of the work with the project manager, his superiors and with the internal client; Diagnose and resolve technical problems in applications; Develop reports; Perform any other related tasks. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science (or equivalent). Minimum of 5 years experience in : C# programming, Javascript, ASP.NET Core MVC, Unit testing (NUnit or other), MS SQL. Experience in workplace quality assurance and customer service. Experience with CICD: Teamcity, Jenkins, Linux operating system; and with multiple environments:SQA, UAT, PROD. Basic knowledge of bugs (Jira, BugTracker), Source Control tools (e.g. Perforce, GIT), Agile methods, specifically Scrum, and the different stages of deployment (SQA, UAT, PROD). Master problem solving. Demonstrate creativity, autonomy. Be customer oriented. Master process management. Ability to adapt easily. Bilingual in written and spoken English and French. Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID674:
Work closely with engineering, product management, and QA management to define acceptance criteria, identify risks, and plan testing coverage for Twinmotion import and export functionalities. Work in collaboration with the Unreal Engine Datasmith Team to identify dependencies, track milestones and adjust test planning consequently. Participate in team planning meetings to help define testing scope for a given sprint. Find the root cause of issues on features in development methodically and rigorously and document high quality bug reports in our database for engineering to come to a resolution. Validate features work and Bug fixes as they get available during the Sprint. Collaborate with our test automation team to gather client projects coming from various 3D CAD programs and develop test scenarios for them to automate. Actively participate in our Beta program to gather information around user's experience, inform beta sites about already known issues and workaround and document newly reported bugs. Work in collaboration with the support team to document known bugs and offer workaround to clients on the released versions. Create user workflow test scenarios and execute them during regression testing phases 3+ years of experience in using 3D CAD programs such as Revit, SketchUp, Archicad, Rhino in Architecture 3D visualization, Landscape Design or Interior Design. Strong understanding of 3D concepts and applications such as 3DS Max, Maya, C4D, Blender. Ability to write effective and efficient test cases based on complex systems and features Strong verbal and written communication skills with the ability to express complex ideas, designs, and issues to both technical and non-technical staff. Excellent collaboration skills, with the ability to work without too much supervision in a complex and sometimes ambiguous environment. Proven track record of successful contributions to the release of high-quality projects. Technical understanding of Windows and Mac operating systems and platforms. Ability to thrive while working in a fast-paced working environment, with the ability to juggle multiple tasks. Strong English speaking and writing skills is essential. Understanding of test methodologies in an Agile iterative development environment. Experience with Unreal Engine. Bilingual (English French) would be very nice to have 
ScrapedJobID675:
Write robust, efficient and maintainable code primarily in Java and TypeScript. Ability to write efficient SQL statements and work with databases and database caches Write tools in TypeScript and React Work with CI/CD tools using industry best practices Ability to do code reviews and provide feedback to other developers Mentor junior developers and help them develop their technical skills Approach code with a deep understanding of software, using appropriate profilers to ensure performance Experience with solving difficult bugs in production Completed post secondary education in Computer Science or Engineering 6+ years of full stack development experience Shipped multiple features and projects in a live environment Experience with web frameworks generally a strong plus Experience with PHP or GraphQL is a plus Experience with Redis, Memcache, Docker, and Ansible would be highly beneficial Enjoy playing games F2P game development experience Health, Dental, Vision Benefits A generous amount of Paid Time Off (Vacation, Personal Days, Sick Days, Family Leave) Competitive Salaries Professional Growth Health & Wellness Benefits (Employee Assistance Program, Monthly Spending Account, Wellness Initiatives, Perkopolis) Vikoins (Peer Recognition Program & Rewards) Stock Options Group RRSP Frequent remote events/meetings to stay connected with your peers and share company updates 100% remote work environment 
ScrapedJobID676:
Travailler avec les concepteurs UI pour décomposer les capacités nécessaires à la réalisation de leur vision Effectuer des recherches indépendantes sur des questions générales relatives au UI afin de fournir des informations et des orientations à l'équipe Créer les systèmes fondamentaux du UI en tenant compte de l'avenir Rédiger du code performant et facile à maintenir pour réaliser les conceptions techniques Définir les normes dont s'inspireront les futurs développeurs UI Fournir des suggestions et des commentaires sur les conceptions de UI afin d'aider à produire le meilleur UI pour les joueurs Work with UI designers to break down the capabilities needed to realize their vision Independently research broad UI questions to provide insight and direction to the team Architect foundational UI systems with an eye towards the future Write maintainable and performant code to realize technical designs Set the standards that future UI developers will learn from Provide suggestions and feedback on UI designs to help produce the best UIs for players Plus de 5 ans d'expérience dans le développement de logiciels Expérience avec le C++ moderne Connaissance des concepts fondamentaux de UI, tels que la mise en page 2D, l'animation et le rendu du texte Familiarité avec plusieurs cadres de UI (jeu, web, application, etc.) Familiarité avec les « shaders », les systèmes de particules et le rendu 3D Capacité à collaborer avec d'autres programmeurs dans une base de code partagée 5+ years of software development experience Experience with modern C++ Knowledge of fundamental UI concepts like 2D layout, animation, and text rendering Familiarity with several UI frameworks (game, web, application, etc.) Familiarity with shaders, particle systems, and 3D rendering Ability to collaborate with other programmers in a shared code base Diplôme en informatique ou expérience équivalente Expérience avec les frameworks déclaratifs de UI comme React Expérience de l'architecture de jeu client/serveur Expérience avec les outils de UI Expérience avec ECS Expérience avec le profilage et l'optimisation Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience Experience with declarative UI frameworks like React Experience with client/server game architecture Experience with UI tooling Experience with Entity Component System Experience with profiling and optimization 
ScrapedJobID677:
Work as a technical liaison with development teams to address build issues and improvements Develop and maintain automation pipelines Develop robust workflows to deploy changes in a live product environment Monitor automation systems and proactively respond to breakages Create and monitor metrics to improve automation systems Manage virtual infrastructure, including deploying and monitoring VMs Maintain the product backlog including tasks and their priorities 3+ years of experience or education in software development, or related discipline Excellent troubleshooting and debugging abilities Experience designing and creating automation jobs in CI systems (e.g. Jenkins, TeamCity) Experience with scripting languages (e.g. Powershell, Batch, Python) Strong knowledge in source-control administration and good practices (e.g. Perforce, Git) Experience making PKGs for First Party Platforms Creative, curious, and motivated to grow your technical abilities Ability to communicate and discuss technical topics with both technical and business audiences Excellent documentation skills Strong sense of initiative and ownership Willingness to work in Toronto is preferred, but remote opportunities are available Experience with OO languages (e.g. Java, C++, C#) Experience deploying and maintaining virtual infrastructure (e.g. Virtual Machines) Experience with game engines and the particularities of game development Experience with Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery Experience with monitoring tools (e.g. ZABBIX) Experience with infrastructure automation tools (e.g. Chef, Ansible, Puppet) Experience with secrets management tools (e.g. Hashicorp Vault) Experience with metrics gathering and visualization tools (e.g. Splunk, Elastic Search, Kibana) Experience with container orchestration and management tools (e.g Docker, Kubernetes) Bonus Structure 4.5 weeks paid vacation Relocation assistance Flexible schedule Weekly happy hour Healthcare & benefits 
ScrapedJobID678:
Design, code, test, integrate and debug networking and multiplayer engine features Drive engine and feature improvements, optimize and refactor code, and identify and solve performance issues relating to gameplay networking Optimize low-level networking systems to improve latency and collaborate with other engineers to improve network replication Develop networking code to interact with backend systems and integrate online services into the game engine Lead and/or participate in code reviews and provide constructive feedback on how to develop and improve processes, tools and workflows Build strong relationships and communicate effectively with both internal team members and our external partners Identify and provide updates on technology risks and obstacles to technical directors and project managers Learn new technologies and systems to meet our technical and business needs Professional software development experience within games or a related industry Strong proficiency in C++ is required Experience working on network-oriented gameplay engineering for PC and/or console with a solid understanding of game networking systems and technologies Excellent optimization and debugging skills A creative thinker with advanced problem-solving skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills Self-directed and takes initiative in order to drive progress Experience shipping at least one game title Experience providing technical leadership and/or mentorship to other engineers A passion for Minecraft or games in general! 
ScrapedJobID679:

ScrapedJobID680:
Build and maintain trusting and collaborative relationships with our co-development partners and interact with various key internal and external stakeholders Align with our partners on artistic direction to ensure high quality assets creation Work with art, production and technical leads to coordinate milestone schedules Anticipate and identify potential risks associated with meeting project deadlines, ensuring the appropriate steps are taken to resolve issues that may hinder progress or compromise project objectives Provide hands on solutions to help solve complex problems or blockers Evaluate and provide recommendations to improve processes, tools and workflows Create and manage team schedules and establish proper workflow among the art team Set out and assign tasks for the team and attend regular stand-ups Review the team’s work and provide clear and consistent feedback to ensure quality and alignment with project goals and artistic vision Provide career management to the art team through performance reviews, ongoing mentorship and feedback, and regular 1-on-1s 8+ years of experience in the games industry with a strong background in 3D character and/or environment art 5+ years of people management experience leading a team of artists, with a strong interest in mentorship and career development Experience shipping multiple game titles on PC and/or console Proven ability to provide artistic, technical and development feedback on a range of art assets Strong stakeholder management skills Strong attention to detail, organizational and time estimation skills Proactive with the ability to anticipate potential risks and issues and come up with appropriate solutions Able to take direction and receive feedback well Capable of managing competing priorities and working independently within established guidelines Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to lead, influence and motivate others Experience working with external development partners is a plus Experience working on AAA action/adventure titles Strong understanding of in-game visual production and processes 
ScrapedJobID681:
You will be a key senior member of the build engineering team Your role is to help design and build a world class build system to help deliver key project goals You care about the software you create and value the quality of build processes and tools over rapid development You strive to collaborate with other developers to find elegant solutions, and understand how to gather requirements for the systems you create You are delivery focused and push to set the bar for how we implement features on the project As a Senior Build Engineer you will be expected to drive the development of our technology and build processes forward to improve the delivery of quality content for the game. You have experience as a Build Engineer working end-to-end on projects with an understanding of the entire process You have an excellent understanding of build engineering practices such as CI, source control, bug tracking, automated testing etc. You’re excellent in self-managing workloads through Jira or another tracking methodology You can identify issues and propose solutions that improve the software development process build pipeline You’re able to choose the best tool for the job and keep up with the industry in having a good awareness of modern build tools You have 3+ years experience in build engineering Ideally you have experience with Unreal Engine 4 (preferable) You may have experience with any popular cloud hosting provider (AWS, GCP, Azure) You’re able to create tutorials, guides or other important documentation for more junior staff members You’re able to mentor more junior members of the software team You’re skilled in one or more common scripting languages (Python, Bash, Powershell, etc). 
ScrapedJobID682:
Create, illustrate, and animate video, display, and/or playable advertisements for a variety of mobile games Understand and benchmark mobile ads in the market Work with greater team to come up with creative generation strategy and schedule Understand and define creative trends for in-app advertising Proven excellence in motion design using tools like After Effects, Photoshop and Illustrator Strong marketing mindset and must be comfortable working closely with business/data teams to build ads with high engagement Experience leading people/being go-to for decision-making Knowledge of the mobile advertising industry, from ad channels to creative technologies and trends (Facebook, TikTok, Youtube) Knowledge of Unity Engine Knowledge of 3D Package Gaming experience Créer, illustrer et animer des vidéos, des affichages ou des publicités jouables pour une variété de jeux mobiles Comprendre et comparer les publicités mobiles existantes sur le marché Travailler avec une équipe étendue pour élaborer une stratégie et un calendrier de création Comprendre et définir les tendances créatives dans la publicité dans l'application Une excellence démontrée dans le domaine de la conception du mouvement en utilisant des outils comme After Effects, Photoshop et Illustrator Présenter un esprit marketing affirmé et aimer travailler en étroite collaboration avec les équipes commerciales et des données pour créer des publicités à forte interaction Une expérience de la direction de personnes et de la prise de décision Une connaissance du secteur de la publicité mobile, des canaux publicitaires aux technologies et tendances créatives (Facebook, TikTok, Youtube) Une connaissance du moteur Unity Une connaissance des paquets 3D Une expérience dans les jeux vidéo 
ScrapedJobID683:
Assess current business infrastructure and develop migration roadmap for the cloud. Work closely with IT teams to integrate existing structures into cloud-based systems. Make recommendation to optimize business processes and applications with public, private and hybrid cloud infrastructure. Work closely with the Enterprise Cloud Architect to define high level design cloud solution. Support preliminary cost assessment and business case for moving workloads to cloud. Develop Low Level Design Architecture documents jointly with Enterprise Cloud Architect Translate Architectural requirements and deploy, administer & operate scalable, Highly Available and Fault Tolerant systems which includes the compute, data, security and network requirements. Apply DevOps and continuous integration / continuous deployment best practices to allow speed and fast scaling of the cloud business. Provision cloud services with high level of automation for reuse and scalability. Manage configuration of cloud workload if required. Monitor cloud workload efficiency and adjust solution design to optimize performance, stability and cost without compromising security. Ensure security of the data in the cloud and implement best practices throughout the process Communicate progress to Enterprise Cloud Architect and work closely with IT teams to integrate existing structures into cloud-based systems. You have Bachelor's degree in computer science or information technology. You have 10 years of software development experience, working with a variety of programming languages such as .Net, Java, Node.JS, C++, and Python. You have min 5 years’ experience in Azure cloud migration and operational management, tools and frameworks You have experience of multiple projects deployed with container technologies (Docker, Kubernetes) You have 3-5 years of Azure Solution Architecture and Development You have 2-3 years of DevOps Implementation and Operations You have At least two Microsoft Azure certification from the list below (equivalent certification on AWS would be considered)
Microsoft Certified: Azure Developer
Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator,
Microsoft Certified: Azure Solution Architect,
Microsoft Certified: DevOps Engineer Expert,
Microsoft Certified: Azure Security Engineer Microsoft Certified: Azure Developer Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator, Microsoft Certified: Azure Solution Architect, Microsoft Certified: DevOps Engineer Expert, Microsoft Certified: Azure Security Engineer You have sound knowledge of various Azure services including Express Route, VPN Gateways, Azure Firewall, API Manager, Application Gateway, Load balancer, AD, Logic Apps, Azure Monitor and App insights. You have sound knowledge on cloud deployment model - IaaS, PaaS and SaaS as well as hybrid cloud. You must have experience gathering requirements, analysis and documentation You have experience with AIX, Linux and Wintel workload migration to cloud You have experience deploying infrastructure as code and highly automated cloud provisioning environment (Terraform, Azure Resource Manager, Puppet, Chef) You have experience of at least 20 projects (workload) deployed and supported on a public cloud You have good understanding of cloud security principles You have experience delivering project following Agile methodology / Scrum You have ITIL 3 or ITIL 4 certification You must have experience with handling customer and other third-party vendors effectively. You must have problem solving ability to provide solutions to complex and new business problems. You have the ability to generate innovative ideas and apply them in implementing solutions. You must be flexible and adaptable towards changing organizational needs. You must excellent communication and inter-personal skills 
ScrapedJobID684:
Design and implement tailored tools and systems on a particularly large spectrum, from game engines to game editors or any middleware used in production. Program in a clear and structured manner in keeping with performance, scalability, and maintenance requirements. Support the production teams by ensuring that their tools and systems are stable and effective + help guide integration. Debug and optimize already existing systems + create and run advanced tests. Participate in code reviews and discussions to evolve solutions and improve workflows. Work closely with other service teams (like Harbour, our online solutions team) to exchange information and learnings (related to middleware, architecture, design, automated testing, documentation, etc.). Stay up to date on technological advancements and industry standards to define our best practices (notably in terms of CI/CD pipelines and InnerSource projects.). Write and maintain documentation that will serve as a company-wide reference. Proficiency in various programming languages, especially C++ and C# The ability to design maintainable, well-optimized, easy-to-integrate code Knowledge of game engines and their limitations 3D math, optimization, and debugging skills A degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering (or related training) Effective communication to interact with all disciplines Plenty of flexibility to adapt to shifting priorities, requirements, and tech (engines, consoles, operating systems – you name it) Innovation that drives you to explore and bring about new ways of doing things Your CV, highlighting your background and skills 
ScrapedJobID685:
Design and develop new product features and improve existing functionality Write high-quality code that supports existing and future functionality of the product Work to ensure high-quality delivery with unit and integration tests Operate within a distributed team and collaborate with colleagues both local and remote Prior software development experience using Golang, as it is our primary language Ability to clearly communicate your ideas and solutions and discuss them with the team Ability to craft and reason about services in a distributed system, including communication patterns, data protocols and reliability Excellent project management skills Quality-driven attitude and approach Experience working within an Agile environment (SCRUM/KanBan/XP) An understanding of container and orchestration technologies such as Docker, Kubernetes of Nomad Working experience with at least one of the three major cloud providers. Concevoir et développer de nouveaux produits, et améliorer les fonctionnalités existantes Écrire du code de grande qualité qui prend en charge les fonctionnalités actuelles et futures des produits Œuvrer à assurer une livraison de haute qualité grâce à des tests unitaires et d'intégration Évoluer au sein d'une équipe virtuelle et collaborer avec des collègues sur place et à distance Une expérience en conception de logiciels avec Golang, notre langage de travail principal La capacité de communiquer clairement vos idées et vos solutions, et d'en discuter avec l'équipe La capacité de concevoir et de raisonner sur les services dans un système distribué, y compris les modèles de communication, les protocoles de données et la fiabilité D'excellentes compétences en gestion de projets Une attitude axée sur l'approche et la qualité Une expérience de travail dans un environnement agile (SCRUM/KanBan/XP) Une compréhension des technologies par conteneurs et d'orchestration comme Docker, Kubernetes ou Nomad Une expérience de travail avec au moins un des trois grands fournisseurs de services infonuagiques 
ScrapedJobID686:
Provide AI/Machine Learning and Data Science skills as required to advance our AI innovations or client project requirements using AI methods. This includes both end user Interface development (Front End) and Back End Technical support Advocating and communicating technology capabilities internally and externally, including leadership with our customers, partners, and vendors. Conducting research to remain up-to-date and knowledgeable regarding industry trends and emerging technologies, as well as leading internal R&D to maintain a technological advantage for teaching and learning, in partnership with strategic suppliers or institutions (governmental, educational or others) Proactively establish relationships and meet with current and potential customers to demonstrate the company's credentials at solving problems with technically-differentiated solutions 5 + years of programming experience is required as a full-stack software engineer. You have work experience in early stage / start-up Software Commercialization companies. You have strong communication skills given client interactions in set-up and configuration requirements, or developing custom functional specifications. You have proven success building high-performing technical teams and working with rapid growth and implementing change You are a strategic thinker and effective communicator offering expertise in technological development and the demonstrated ability to implement and execute organizationally. You bring knowledge and experience with Agile software development and agile scrumming practices and ensuring effective logging of software developments. Java, Python Experience in database design, development, and enhancement. Specifically with SQL or related / Mongo (or other NoSQL) Working experience and knowledge of Amazon server infrastructure and technical operations Advanced experience in application design, development and implementation of medium to large database projects supporting Software as a Service (SaaS) Applications Javascript + AngularJS (or similar front-end framework), html + css Experience with SalesForce CRM Integrations Experience with version control i.e. Github and maintaining documentation function/feature practices Mongo Database (Structured and Unstructured data) Redis Experience with unix/linux AI/Data Sciences: Python: numpy / pandas / scikit /WEKA Android Stack for Mobile Application Development PowerBI (Advanced Analytics visualizations) Data Wrangling. – data science skills and advanced analytics Amazon Infrastructure Operations NLP (GPT-3 / Bert) Documenting Source Code Documentation and disciplined software development practices (ie: ticket logging in Assembla) You will be able to work with acclaimed thought leaders in the field of AI, Data Sciences, and Software as a Service, both in the company and also interact with our prestigious board of directors, and board advisors. You will work in a culture that values inclusiveness and diversity. You will have access to health and wellness and fitness benefits to ensure you keep healthy and strong in body, mind and spirit. You will participate in a corporate culture that values weekly open communication - Happy Snappy Monday to keep employees informed of company developments and highlights to recognize on a continual basis employee performance - weekly happy shout outs to give thanks. You will have a holiday incentive package that is generous and customized to your personal and family needs - ie: the office fully closes between xmas and new years, statutory holidays and three weeks of vacation. Access to attend educational and training forums as required that support the company’s business goals and your personal growth needs. You will have a financial incentive package with a base of $100K+, plus year end bonus, plus equity participation in the company shareholder agreement. Salary is commensurate with work experience and meeting business needs. Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Stock options Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Do you have at least 5+ years of programming experience as a full-stack software engineer? English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID687:
Able to quickly dissect and analyze existing Python code and Qt-based interfaces Contribute to the design and implementation of the Pipeline infrastructure, tools, processes, and automation. Work with, and inform, leadership to shape the technical implementation and architecture or key client services in the pipeline Help leadership to track progress and outcomes, and provide key insight when a change of direction is needed Design and/or contribute to tools for conforming, composition, and exchange across stages of production, departments, authoring and consumption environments Mentor, support and enable production TDs to help resolve issues and solve problems Contribute to developer facing or user facing documentation as applicable. Operate as a domain specialist and point person for multiple teams or projects when applicable Proven experience in high end VFX or AAA Game setting Proven experience in a graphics, pipeline or tool development role STEM Degree or demonstrable equivalent knowledge; as related to problem solving, analysis, and system design Late intermediate to advanced knowledge of the Python and C++ languages and development environments. Additional languages like Scala, JavaScript, Go, and Java a strong plus. Good understanding and some experience with concurrent and parallel programming models and inter-/remote-process communication, with knowledge or gRPC and protobuf a plus. Extensive experience with the APIs of one or more of our principal DCCs: Houdini, Maya, Nuke, Substance, Mari, in that order of importance. Experience with relational databases and SQL, with specific knowledge of Shotgun a plus. Experience with Qt (PyQt, PySide) and QML, with other web-based or cross-platform GUI/UX toolkits/frameworks a plus. Deep understanding and experience with the Linux operating system, and competency with Windows, including all their associated shell scripting and run-time environments. Experience and vision around the structuring, estimating and implmenting large Pipeline projects Experience with structured development operations (agile, ticketing, reportage, version control etc.) Understanding of, and the ability to operate in a structured DevOps context Familiarity with modern structured development practices, documentation needs, and the tools that support them is very important. Highly committed and able to transition between independent work and team participation. Good communicator with the willingness and ability to mentor and guide others when required. Self sufficient and a good self-starter attitude with an emphasis on learning, sharing and mentoring team members. Organized and methodical with an ability to communicate efficiently within a global technical team. Experience in any creative department or a strong understanding and ability to relate to the needs and operations of TDs and/or artists DevOps related experience Knowledge of a game engine, operation and/or development (Unreal preferred) 
ScrapedJobID688:
Architect, implement and maintain core animation systems used across MetaHuman products. Work closely with other engineers, animators, technical animators, product designers, leads and external technology partners across multiple teams and time zones. Write technical documentation and designs. Extensive experience writing C++ applications. Excellent linear algebra skills and applications of linear algebra in software. Experience with rigging systems, animation state machines, low-level animation systems, physics-based animation and/or IK systems. Experience with multi-threaded programming and system tasks such as graphics, audio, I/O, networking, memory handling, debuggers, etc. Experience with application-level programming such as script compilers and user-facing tools. You're user-focused, passionate, scrappy, solutions-focused, and innovative. These traits equal success at Epic and influence everything we do. 
ScrapedJobID689:

ScrapedJobID690:
Develop frontend UI components, using React, for key systems such as screen flow, menu architecture, event systems, match-making and lobby UI, and in-game 2D heads-up display Work closely with UI artists and designers to implement mockups as working components using CSS Interact with other engineers to improve the whole technical team and process Assess requirements and provide effort estimates to guide an evolving development plan Embrace and help improve our engineering practices for solid design, testing, and implementation 3+ years of proven web development experience with React. Experience with React Hooks Strong familiarity with CSS3 for layout and styling Self direction and a proven ability to thrive in a highly dynamic environment Strong interdisciplinary collaboration skills, including verbal and written skills Ability to work with an existing code base. Experience with Typescript Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent Understanding of modern C++ Experience shipping AAA games Demonstrated passion for games and technology Experience with Unity 3D, Unreal, or other similar full-featured game engine. 
ScrapedJobID691:
Ontario St, Toronto, ON, Canada Employees can work remotely Full-time Department: Code Location: Canada / Toronto Project: Undisclosed IP Developing and maintaining the tools and systems necessary to implement gameplay features Prototyping new gameplay features Coding for complex gameplay mechanics Coding for level layout, event scripting, balancing, pacing, and tuning Testing, debugging, profiling, and optimizing implementations Actively attending code review At least 5+ years of experience in the production of games for consoles and PC Shipped title experience A keen sense of what makes gameplay systems fun Ability to work well in a fluid, changing environment as creative challenges evolve Ability to work with game developers from all disciplines Strong skills in C/C++ Familiarity with AI, physics, animation, and gameplay code in general Knowledge of any project management and bug tracking software (like JIRA) Ability to write solid, reliable, efficient code Being able to work efficiently under tight deadlines Strong verbal and written communication skills in English Open-minded team player attitude Strong work ethic and self-motivated Passionate about playing and making video games A competitive salary and performance-based bonuses Personal development opportunities and the possibility to work in a multicultural environment Work in a creative team with people full of passion for what they do Private health care & gym card Business trips and integration events Comprehensive assistance in relocation Fresh fruits, snacks, and beverages for everyone in the office Free library with a wide range of games and books In-company English language classes and Polish lessons for foreigners An informal atmosphere, no dress code, no unwanted formalities 
ScrapedJobID692:
Foster relationships with production teams and be their primary contact person. Investigate technical problems encountered by game developers or detected by automated alerts. Assess infrastructure issues + modify servers and network equipment. Improve our tools and methods to detect and prevent incidents. Recommend robust and sustainable solutions + find fixes and develop new features. Guide technical teams throughout product integration (SDKs, APIs, etc.). Train production team members by teaching them how to use our products. Support our shift towards InnerSource by personally contributing or by encouraging our community to contribute to our code database. Create and maintain technical documentation that will serve as a reference. Ensure that the technical solutions developed by production respect our constraints and best practices. Around 1 to 3 years of experience in computer science, programming, front-end development, network infrastructure management, or other relevant experience (experience in online development, a plus) An undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Software Development, or Computer Engineering (or related training) Proficiency with C++ Experience and interest in frontline support, including direct contact with users Knowledge or interest in DevOps principles and methodologies Knowledge of incident management methodologies is considered an asset  A collaborative and creative spirit Innovation that allows you to come up with sustainable, flexible, and stable solutions in an ever-evolving industry Attention to detail, curiosity, critical thinking, resourcefulness, and plenty of flexibility Solid communication and interpersonal skills An ability to manage priorities & balance many projects and different subjects Motivation to help others resolve technical and complex problems Your CV, highlighting your experience, education, and skills 
ScrapedJobID693:
Design and architecture of the SDK Unity SDK offering. Work hand-in-hand with the key stakeholders and Unity team lead using the SDK, Unity 3D and associated tools. Write elegant, maintainable, reusable code, leveraging test driven principles to develop high quality applications Troubleshoot and resolve software defects and other technical issues Act as a mentor for Unity team developers. Review individual developer's code in the team to ensure highest code quality in the SDK Unity 3D team. 5 to 7+ years of extensive experience working on software products 5+ years extensive experience working with Unity 3D engine and have source code experience At least 3 years of full time C# programming experience Experience with native plugin development for Unity, including marshaling Full knowledge of C# language and .NET standards for C# code Basic understanding of software design patterns Experience with VR, AR, or MR/XR development Experience with performance optimization in Unity Experience with Git Experience working in engineering teams in an agile and dynamic environment Extensive experience working with developer tools like emulators, debuggers, profilers etc Strong functional and automated testing, test strategy and planning and development experience Experience with mobile software development a plus Experience building Game Engines is nice to have BA/BS. MS is preferred All your information will be kept confidential according to Equal Employment Opportunities guidelines 
ScrapedJobID694:
Be an integral part of the QA testing process for a world class mobile game Act as the link between the internal development team and remote testing teams around the world Design test plans and smoke tests to verify that new features work flawlessly Be a driving force for game quality by giving feedback on game features and design Document, prioritize, and assign bugs so that they can be tracked down and fixed Work with game developers to reproduce and resolve issues in the game Use a suit of debugging and profiling tools to diagnose complex problems Play and analyze competitive games to maintain our high quality bar Passion for mobile free-to-play games and solid understanding what makes a high quality game Demonstrated aptitude for mobile game testing, which could be shown through:
Professional videogame QA experience
A post-secondary degree in game development, computer science, or a related field
QA work on hobby game projects, game jams, or hackathons Professional videogame QA experience A post-secondary degree in game development, computer science, or a related field QA work on hobby game projects, game jams, or hackathons Working knowledge of QA techniques and tools Highly focused attention to detail Strong technical skills and the ability to learn new software tools Creative problem solving skills and ability to think outside the box Ability to quickly adapt and hit deadlines in a fast-paced and creative environment Strong written and verbal communication skills Collaborative spirit and love of teamwork A broad understanding of the videogame production process Work From Home wherever you are located for an undetermined time due to the Covid-19 Pandemic Flexible working hours to suit your schedule 3 weeks’ vacation for work- life-balance Health insurance coverage Employee Assistance Program; because sometimes we need a helping hand Social Club events with awesome prizes and giveaways Mentorship program and Training Subsidies to help you strengthen your skills or learn something new Relocation assistance for those who are joining our team from abroad Because you want to be part of an exceptional experience, within a company that is constantly growing! Because you want to work with talented people who are industry pioneers! Because you want to join a global company and meet great people around the world from all walks of life. Or, just because you’re looking for a great place to work! Please submit your CV and cover letter. Please note that only selected candidates will be contacted and your CV will be saved in our files for a period of 6 months. 
ScrapedJobID695:
Work in an Agile (Scrum/Kanban) environment and be involved in all technical activities within the team such as estimation, sprint planning, software development life cycle activities, code reviews, research, and documentation. Participate in a cross-functional team tackling exciting new features, challenging bugs, and performance issues. Contribute as a full-stack developer, working closely with our back-end and front-end stacks. Ensure software deliverables align with the technical architecture, development standards, and quality practices. Assist in building and executing unit tests. Develop well documented, intent-revealing code. Assist in monitoring the team’s code in a live environment. Participate in a learning environment through collaboration, knowledge sharing, and leadership. Work within your agile team to gather production metrics and stakeholder feedback using them to iterate and grow your team’s projects. A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering equivalent professional experience is required. Minimum 10 years of software development work experience. Familiarity of Agile (Scum/Kanban) practices and concepts Familiarity with HTML/JavaScript, TypeScript, React (or other modern front-end frameworks). Strong knowledge of C# (or Java and interest in learning C#), Web API, REST, Micro Services Strong Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) skills. Experience with Object Relational Mappers such as Entity Framework or Dapper Extensive experience with writing RESTful APIs and web development best practices. Must be able to write clean, well-factored code based on S.O.L.I.D. principles. Experience in writing, analyzing, and tuning well-performing TSQL queries. Experience with Test Driven Development is an asset. Self-motivated and driven to meet long-term goals. Ability to independently manage time to meet project deadlines. Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work collaboratively with other team members. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Can operate under tight deadlines. Understanding Object-Relational Mappers such as Entity Framework. General cloud-computing concepts (AWS). Experience with microservice architectures. Absorb LMS, C#, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript, React, ASP.NET/Web API, SQL Server Work-life balance. Paid vacation. RRSP matching. Employer-paid benefits: health, dental, and vision. Professional development plans. Career progression/internal mobility opportunities. Inclusive work environment. Casual dress code. Volunteering opportunities. Company/team building events. Games room, meditation & yoga space, state-of-the-art workplace. This position is eligible for participation in Absorb’s bonus program as outlined in Absorb’s Bonus Program Policy. The successful candidate may be located remotely in Canada. In the event a current Absorb employee would like to apply for this role they will inform their supervisor prior to submitting their application. This position will be subject to pre-employment background screening, including a criminal record check. The successful candidate must be able to show proof of legal eligibility to work in Canada and/or the USA without sponsorship. Incomplete online applications will not be considered. Please note, this posting will close when a suitable candidate has been identified. 
ScrapedJobID696:
Develop, publish and maintain Unity packages as individual component modules Design and extend gameplay-focused modules, APIs, and custom Unity Editor UI systems used by developers and designers during the design process for multiple types of experiences Improve the architecture of existing systems and craft the architecture of new gameplay systems Document and test your code and related systems used by game developers daily Collaborate with an international development team Fluent in C# Experience building and launching a mobile, console, or desktop game using Unity Experience extending the Unity Editor Experience with network programming Solid understanding of real-time 3D technology and 3D maths Experience crafting one or more plugins for Unity and have published them through the Asset Store Experience with multithreaded Unity Jobs / Burst / ECS systems Built custom tools within Unity for use by a game dev team during production 
ScrapedJobID697:
Baccalauréat en informatique ou dans un domaine technique associé 5+ années d’expérience en Python, C# or C++ 5+ années d’expérience en développement des pipelines de configuration, de version et d'automatisation Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related technical field 5+ years of experience using Python, C# or C++ 5+ years of experience developing build, release and automation pipelines for video games S'approprier les pipelines de configuration, de version et d'automatisation. Rechercher, intégrer et développer des technologies qui supportent l'innovation et améliorent la fiabilité, la performance et la productivité Contribuer à la vision technologique du projet Take ownership of build, release and automation pipelines Investigate, integrate, and develop technologies bringing innovation and improving reliability, performance and productivity Contribute to the technical vision of the project Expérience avec Unreal 4 ou moteur similaire Expérience avec infrastructure d'automatisation Expérience with DevOps Bonne maîtrise du français et de l’anglais Experience with Unreal 4 or similar game engine Experience with automation infrastructure Experience with DevOps Good working knowledge of French and English 
ScrapedJobID698:

ScrapedJobID699:
Identifying, diagnosing, and addressing issues related to 3D artwork, shaders and VFX in the game Assist with capturing and analyzing performance data within UE4 Help create art pipelines and assist in developing new techniques Create and maintain tools to help artists and designers create content Provide hands on support for artists and engineers in order to validate performance and standards Review creative processes and identify opportunities for improvements Solve challenging technical issues in the 3d asset pipeline Create and optimize shaders in UE4’s node system as well as HLSL A range of skills and knowledge related to 3d art pipelines, shaders, and game specific optimization. Good artistic foundation including understanding color and composition UE4 Shader and tool development/maintenance, including HLSL, blueprint, and UE4 shader nodes. Self-motivated and proactive. Positive attitude, genuine team player. A great ability to think creatively and solve complex technical issues. Experienced in modeling and art tools/pipelines (Modelling packages, Substance, Houdini) Experience in procedural asset workflow (ie. building generator), editor utility widget, automation Excellent verbal and written communication skills Experience with lighting and post processing. Ability to work with technical documentation and write new documentation for developed tools and shaders Knowledge of a high level of coding (C++ specifically) Experience developing custom tools and scripts for content creation tools Passion for video games, and an extensive knowledge of different games across many genres and platforms. Competitive salary Health and dental benefits Wellness spending account 3 weeks paid vacation and 2 weeks paid studio shutdown over the December holiday period 1 week paid annual company trip Annual employee anniversary gifts Wonderful colleagues! 
ScrapedJobID700:
Plenty of opportunities to learn, grow your career, and wear lots of hats. Startup life – flexible, relaxed, yet high stakes work environment. Awesome coworkers who care about their work and each other’s growth. Competitive benefits include medical, dental, vision coverage. Team socials. Build and implement game mechanics. Maintain the codebase to ensure it stays up to date in the event of depreciation. Develop and implement gameplay systems in a multiplayer environment. Implement game features and integrate engine features as needed to support desired gameplay. Provide hooks between low-level technology and game-level systems. Design algorithms that provide the desired gameplay results within real-time performance and memory budgets. Analyze and refactor code to optimize performance. Evaluate and communicate the potential impact of code changes. Suggest solutions to maximize features and fulfill design desires. Provide regular updates on technology risks and obstacles to designers, leads, and producers. Test, debug and document code. Education requirement: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Math, engineering, or related area or equivalent professional experience / training 2+ years of game programming experience at indie, AA or AAA companies. Solid grasp of modern C++. Experience in Unreal Engine 4. Good understanding of optimization techniques both in UE4 and C++. Self direction and a proven ability to thrive in a dynamic environment. Good interdisciplinary collaboration skills, both verbal and written. Capable of working with and creating game scripting systems. Strong understanding of the coding process, standards and methodologies. Positive attitude, strong work ethic, and the ability to work in a highly collaborative team environment. Excellent analysis, problem solving, and rapid deployment of effective solutions. Ability to prioritize, plan, and organize work. History of shipping AA or AAA games Experience on multiple platforms Experience with VR games and titles. Demonstrated passion for games and technology. Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends Do you have experience with Unreal Engine 4? If so, how many years (not including your education)? Do you have experience with Virtually Reality? If so, how many years (not including your education)? C++: 2 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID701:
Working with the business to determine and streamline inefficiencies by leveraging scripts, programming languages, and/or associated tools Working with respective subject matter experts to establish efficiencies within their workstreams Collaborating with other KM ITS organizations to standardize on development efforts Participating in the development of processes, documentation, and training material Handling multiple assignments, managing priorities, and meeting strict deadlines Acting as an escalation point for their area of expertise

Who You Are Outstanding communicator with client first mentality Team player with an ability to work with multiple stakeholders and departments Committed to continuous professional development and training Innovative and passionate about technology and efficiency

What You Need Experience with automation integration, testing, and deployment methodologies Experience with the following technology
C# .Net 4.6+
Visual Studio 2015, 2017+
ASP.NET MVC, Web API, and REST API
Entity Framework
CSS
JS/JQuery
PowerShell
SQL Server 2012+
Git, Gitlab
Familiarity with Agile and Scrum methodologies
Familiarity with Microsoft Azure / Office 365 C# .Net 4.6+ Visual Studio 2015, 2017+ ASP.NET MVC, Web API, and REST API Entity Framework CSS JS/JQuery PowerShell SQL Server 2012+ Git, Gitlab Familiarity with Agile and Scrum methodologies Familiarity with Microsoft Azure / Office 365 A collaborative, transparent, and engaging culture, working with awesome technology! Competitive salary and performance-based variable compensation Paid Professional Development time Plenty of vacation and personal days Flexible work options Lucrative employee referral program Employee benefits including RRSP matching and WorkPerks (corporate discounts on travel, fitness programs, and shopping!) Vibrant social crew to organize team events, fundraising, and community initiatives Endless opportunities to learn and grow Fully equipped gym facilities Rec room with pool table, foosball, and video games 
ScrapedJobID702:
Build, mentor, and manage a team of web developers (back-end, front-end, and integrators) Manage projects tha range in size and scope but are extremely strategic to the business Lead the support team, which handles bugs and support requests Communicate with internal clients about progress, deadlines, and roadblocks Perform daily follow up on ongoing tasks, removing roadblocks as needed Determine and implement best practices regarding development, and align yourself with other development departments Motivate the web development team and ensure it's working at maximum efficiency Conduct all task management activities in JIRA Determine and enforce the web development lifecycle workflows (code reviews, QA, go-live process, release notes, documentation) Cultivate operational excellence through metrics and continuous learning Strong technical ability in web development using mostly Microsoft Stack Proven leadership and management abilities to lead to greatness Bachelor's degree in a computer science field is required, as well as 6-9 years of relevant experience. A positive, can-do attitude and the energy to get it done, even when the situation is hard Unwavering attention to detail with an acute awareness that everything counts Proven demonstration of effective problem solving Strong knowledge of how to have efficient workflow for web development Knowledge of CMS; knowledge of Kentico a big plus Excellent written and verbal communication skills Customer-oriented, with a desire to offer a great customer service Ability to effectively coordinate multiple tasks of varying complexities and meet deadlines Strong experience using JIRA Strong, dedicated work ethic TEC provides a unique and advantageous RRSP program: invest in TEC where you can make a difference! TEC offers group insurance for employees Free snacks: we regularly have fresh fruit, bagels, and donuts Monthly 5@7 and other impromptu gatherings Free coffee and tea Gym on premises Free parking or we pay your public transit pass Flexible hours Accessible management: open-door policy 
ScrapedJobID703:
Define the technical vision within your area of specialization (e.g. gameplay, animation, UI, physics, AI, 3D, engine, etc.) + plan its technical roadmap. Regularly meet with your programming team to discuss progress; tackle setbacks; share updates; present features; give feedback; informatively and constructively explain the root causes of risks and issues; etc. Mentor and motivate programmers to develop their technical skills + provide them with what they need to work efficiently and achieve quality (tools, pipelines, etc.). Write elegant code customized to the hardware you’re working with. Provide technical oversight by reviewing code and making technical validations. Anticipate and assess complex, escalated issues + propose adapted solutions. Sync up with other technical leads to remove blockers and keep production moving forward. Communicate with interdependent teams on other projects to exchange information. Stay up to date on technological advancements and industry standards to define our best practices + share them with our studios. An undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, or equivalent Around 7 years of programming experience + 2 years of technical leadership A deep understanding of a variety of game engines, systems, programming languages, interdependencies, and critical issues The ability to make informed, immediate decisions with minimal long-term impacts A strategic approach to problem-solving: you don’t just patch problems, you solve them so that they never happen again Excellent mentorship, interpersonal, and presentation skills A highly innovative and collaborative spirit Effective cross-departmental communication: you can easily communicate with all disciplines + break down complex information for various audiences A desire to share your knowledge to push the boundaries of technology & help others improve their skills Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, skills, and any games shipped 
ScrapedJobID704:
Work directly with the Animation team and multidisciplinary teams to implement in-game animations Contribute to the different cinematics that narrate our story, as well as in-game animations to help create a compelling game experience Participate as part of the creative team to evaluate and improve the game as a whole through constructive criticism and contributions Ensure the artistic vision is being followed and comes across in animation Minimum 3 years of industry experience working on PC or console games Strong understanding of animation tools Plays games regularly and understand the fundamentals of what makes them work Interested in joining a top-level and creative, independent team Travailler directement avec le directeur narratif, les équipes de programmation et de conception pour mettre en œuvre des animations en jeu Contribuez aux différentes cinématiques qui racontent notre histoire, ainsi qu'aux animations en jeu pour aider à créer une expérience de jeu captivante Participer au sein de l'équipe créative pour évaluer et améliorer le jeu dans son ensemble en ce qui concerne l’animation. S'assurer que la vision artistique est respectée et se manifeste dans l'animation 3 ans d'expérience dans l'industrie en travaillant sur des jeux PC ou console Bonne compréhension des outils d'animation Éducation en animation un atout Vous jouez régulièrement à des jeux et comprenez les principes fondamentaux de leur fonctionnement Intéressé à rejoindre une équipe indépendante de haut niveau et créative 
ScrapedJobID705:
Prototyper, concevoir, coder, tester, déboguer, documenter, déployer et maintenir des applications de qualité et des composants logiciels Développer des applications pour le vidéo et l’audio Se tenir au courant des tendances, des solutions, des normes et des méthodologies de l'industrie de la technologie Créer un environnement d'équipe inspirant avec une culture de communication ouverte 7-10 ans d'expérience professionnelle en tant que développeur Connaissance approfondie du langage C ++ et de ses concepts, en plus de la gestion de la mémoire et de la gestion multi-thread Connaissances approfondies et expérience dans la conception et la programmation orientée objet Familiarité avec l'utilisation d'un outil de gestion des sources (ex.: Git, Github) Expérience du développement piloté par les tests (ou le comportement); tests automatisés Expérience dans l'application de méthodologies de développement logiciel Agile Capacité d'apprendre rapidement et de s'adapter aux changements fréquents Capacité à communiquer efficacement et à collaborer entre les organisations Doit être indépendant et faire preuve d'initiative Doit être ouvert au travail sur une grande variété de tâches Compétences de communication écrite et verbale en anglais et en français Développement multiplateforme (Linux, Mac, Windows) Expérience avec les graphiques 3D et la programmation des shaders dans OpenGL ou d'autres API graphiques Expérience avec les algorithmes de traitement d'image Expérience en « media playback » et/ou « streaming » Expérience avec les API graphiques de bas niveau Expérience avec d’autres langages tels que Python, HTML, JS Expérience de développement dans de grandes applications logicielles Expérience dans le développement de bibliothèques et de services de composants (Cloud) Prototype, design, code, test, debug, document, deploy and maintain production-quality applications and software components Develop products for Video and Audio playback and streaming Keep abreast of technology industry trends, solutions, standards, and methodologies Create an inspiring team environment with an open communication culture 7+ years of professional experience as a developer Strong knowledge of the C++ language and its concepts, in addition to its memory management and multi-threading management Thorough knowledge and experience in design and object-oriented programming Experience with revision control systems (GitHub) Experience with test- (or behavior-) driven development; automated testing Experience with applying Agile software development methodologies Ability to learn quickly and to adapt to frequent change Ability to communicate effectively and to collaborate across organizations Must be independent and show initiative Must be open to work on wide variety of assignments Written and verbal communication skills in English and French Multiplatform development (Linux, Mac, Windows) Experience with 3D graphics and shader programming in OpenGL or other graphic APIs Experience with Image Processing algorithms Experience in media streaming and playback Experience with low level graphic API (Metal, Vulkan) Experience with other languages such as: Python, HTML, JS Development experience in large software applications Experience in libraries and component services development (Cloud) 
ScrapedJobID706:
Solve complex problems, applying appropriate technologies and best practices; Maintain and operate the different components composing the Ubisoft Kubernetes Service with an emphasis on using documented, automated installation and support procedures; Develop the tooling to operate the service; Improve continuous integration and delivery systems; Collaborate with other infrastructure teams to meet objectives; Work closely with developer teams to assess their requirements and ensure the platform is designed with operability and ease-of-use in mind; Evangelize cloud native architecture; Assist in evaluating new requirements, technical design and standards. Hands-on experience working with Kubernetes, its internals- CRD, CNI, Admission controller, and experience with other container technologies, like Docker Flannel CoreOS, Containerd; Demonstrated experience with programming languages – Go and Python are a major asset; Experience with automations, scripting, CI/CD pipelines and cloud technologies; You have worked with cloud providers (AWS, GCE, Azure, etc...) and distributed systems; Good knowledges of Linux; Have good interpersonal communication skills and oral and written comprehension of English and French. 
ScrapedJobID707:
Scope, implement and maintain integrations using Absorb’s data integration tool. Gather and document training program requirements, confirm project scope, and work with clients to develop achievable timelines and program goals for their LMS implementation. Manage client projects to completion according to client timelines and requirements. Deliver training, consulting and best practice information on Absorb products & services. Support and implement additional products and integrations such as RESTful API, CRM/HRM integrations, etc. Assist and collaborate with other Absorb teams on technical/data-related issues. Update and maintain internal documentation resources. Build and maintain strong client relationships in order to provide the best possible service experience in every interaction. Strong Communication skills (both written and oral) and presentation capabilities, with an ability to articulate complex technical information clearly to audiences at varying technical levels Strong analytical skills to solve and model complex business requirements and make recommendations on best practices Able to maintain high-quality service delivery and documentation Self-driven, able to work independently and with a team 2-5 years working with data files Experience implementing, training, and/or managing data migrations for a SaaS software Experience with Zendesk, JIRA, and Confluence Experience with RESTful API and SQL Experience with CRM and HRM applications (e.g. Salesforce, ADP, BambooHR, etc.) Second language, French or Spanish would be considered an asset Absorb LMS, SQL (MSSQL), Zendesk, Salesforce, Gainsight, Taskray, JIRA/Confluence, ADP, BambooHR This position is eligible for participation in Absorb’s Bonus program as outlined in Absorb’s Bonus Program Policy. RRSP match program. Employer paid benefits: health, dental and vision. Professional development plans. Career progression/internal mobility opportunities. Inclusive work environment. Casual dress code. Volunteering opportunities. Company/team building events. Games room, meditation & yoga space, state of the art workplace. Flexible remote working options for selected roles:
This role allows employee to have a hybrid remote working option (work from home and work from office options). This role allows employee to have a hybrid remote working option (work from home and work from office options). In the event a current Absorb employee would like to apply for this role they will inform their supervisor prior to submitting their application. This position will be subject to pre-employment background screening, including a criminal record check. The successful candidate must be able to show proof of legal eligibility to work in Canada without sponsorship. The successful candidate must be able to temporarily work remotely during the Covid-19 pandemic. Incomplete online applications will not be considered. Applicants will be accepted until a suitable candidate is found. 
ScrapedJobID708:
Manage the team that creates the digital collectibles and provide a reliable delivery pace with transparency, predictability and flexibility. Be responsible for the quality of the assets created, coordinating between internal and external stakeholders. Set the course for the team's growth and provide opportunities for growth and development of team members. Experience in team coordination/management. Experience running a Live Ops team on a game or live product. 
ScrapedJobID709:
Special Projects and Developments (35%) Demonstrate willingness to learn all aspects of technical systems Create and develop for new special projects or add-ons/upgrades to existing projects. Implement, test, and maintain libraries for shared or useful functions Design, provision, and create new environments for new games or other projects Support decisions with research, reasoning, compare options, and make recommendations based on pros and cons Maintain thorough understanding of security and latest risk trends Collaborate with team members, support team, and game developers to solve problems or issues Consultation (25%) Diagnose issues from technical perspective to resolve an issue and create workaround solution or escalate to respective developers Investigate and solve problems from user reports leveraging strengths of team members Attack problems using logical, systemic, and sequential approach Ensure technical infrastructure is delivering and fulfilling requirements Determine reasonable time frames for tasks and identify risks that can jeopardize the time frame Server Administration and Game Updates (15%) Monitor, install, or update game server software Review updates for technical quality and changes to technical demands Manage network, server, and other technical infrastructure Maintain a stable and secure infrastructure Update and keep relevant documentation Tech Leadership (10%) Embody technology as a means to solve business problems Think ahead to how technology can improve the organization Promote operational benefits through the use of technology and craft new ways to make things more efficient Analyze, troubleshoot, and resolve issues with any company technology, where possible, and as required Predict technology costs and anticipate technology budget Incorporate feedback from team members and other organizational groups Mentoring (10%) Be mentor and coach to other team members Review work produced by team members Manage load and team morale View the team's success as your success Enterprise Backup Administration (5%) Design coverage and ensure functioning of backup and recovery plan together with Managed Services Provider. Be on lookout for signs of failures of backups systems Learn, develop, and implement best practices Be cautious and test recovery scenarios and options Anticipate future backup needs and storage requirements Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent experience and understanding Experience with web/software development or system/network administration Strong understanding of client/server systems Strong understanding of network architecture and applications Strong understanding of web sites and web technologies Comfortable learning and taking ownership of all aspects of technical systems Effective written and oral communication skills Understand the strategic importance and the big picture of your decisions Willingness to work with many disciplines: application development, network management, technical architecture, database management, operations, backups and disaster recovery, and information security Experience with Hyper-V or other virtualization solution Experience with Microsoft SQL, MySQL, or other relational database system Experience with web-related technologies including ASP.NET/C#, HTML, JavaScript/jQuery, CSS Experience with computer/server hardware and remote control/management technologies Experience with web services an asset Experience with CDNs and HTTP cache an asset Experience with SEO an asset Exposure to diverse technologies and environments an asset Proficient analyzing network traffic using WireShark, Fiddler, etc. Open to new ideas and new ways to do things Can work in harmony with others in a team in person or remotely Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID710:
Design and develop new functionality of the platform Maintain and improve existing modules, subsystems and legacy code Take ownership of development tasks and implement on time and with high quality Understand underlying gaming domain and leverage the knowledge in design and development of the systems Design and implement unit and integration tests, and assist QA team with test case modeling Develop APIs and integrations with mobile clients and other systems Participate in troubleshooting and ongoing support of production systems Assist other team-members with resolving various development problems 5-8 years of Java development experience focusing on distributed server-side systems including web and stand-alone applications Good understanding of in-memory data-structures and associated algorithms Solid knowledge of Spring and Hibernate/JPA Solid SQL and data modeling knowledge Experience with MySQL or similar relational databases Experience with Web Services – REST and SOAP Good understanding of multi-threading and concurrency Experience with Groovy/Grails a strong asset Experience with spring boot web services Familiarity with Casino games (poker, etc) a strong asset Experience with Tomcat and Linux as operational environment Knowledge and experience with Object-Oriented and Service-Oriented Architectures Understanding of performance and scalability optimization Understanding of DB scaling and optimizations Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID711:
Design, architect, develop, code review, and test key geolocation-based applications on our cloud platform. The tech stack includes Python, Django, Node.js, ReactJS, Docker, Kubernetes, Lisp, Postgres, MongoDB, and Microsoft SQL Server. Develop, manage and improve current cloud architecture, RESTful APIs, and microservices applicable to the platform. Apply industry best practices and your deep knowledge and expertise to execute an idea from concept to delivery as a member of an agile and collaborative team. Discover, evaluate, recommend and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency and deliver advanced applications. 8+ years’ previous experience in application development including back-end services, mobile applications, and databases. Degree or diploma in Computer Science, computer engineering or related degree, diploma, and/or applicable work experience. You love solving problems, are motivated and methodical, and have high attention to detail. Create Exceptional Experiences. Think like a customer, colleague, partner, and stakeholder. Strive to go above and beyond and have a positive impact on others. Drive to Succeed. Be purposeful and accountable. Persevere through challenges and seek ways to enable success. Operate with speed, agility, and excellence. Empower and Lead. Take the initiative and be proactive. Identify problems quickly and help tackle them. Have a voice, share ideas, and give constructive feedback. Encourage others to do the same. Disrupt Creatively. Be curious, explore ideas without bias, and fearlessly try new things. Foster innovation with diversity of thought. Merit ideas, not titles, and learn from failure. Cultivate Relationships. Build credibility and influence with integrity, honesty, and commitment. Seek win-win outcomes and lead with transparency and high ethical standards. Raise the Bar. Continually improve and grow. Build for the future, develop capability, and help others to learn. Take risks and aim high. Don’t iterate when you can change the game. Play as a Team. Navigate with genuine, care, respect, and inclusiveness. Create momentum through collaborative partnerships. Celebrate successes and have fun. Competitive compensation package, including benefits. Open vacation program with unlimited vacation days. Inclusive, collaborative culture. Social initiatives and virtual events until we are back in the office to battle in our games room (we call it Vegas) and face-off in ping pong, foosball, darts, and board games. Organized fun time – Debate a book in the book club, go for a jog with the running club or join in a lunchtime game of soccer, baseball, hockey, even golf! Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site parking Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends Why are you interested in this position? How many years of experience do you have in full-stack software development? How many years of experience do you have in mobile application development, including back-end services? What are your salary expectations? 
ScrapedJobID712:
Responsible for the implementation of Bell business systems and application solutions through the interpretation of client business requirements Familiar with software development lifecycle (SDLC), ITIL and Agile Scrum methodologies Work with the business analysts to translate requirements / user stories into working code Contribute to system architecture and design documentation Contribute to database analysis and design documentation Supervise performance testing and functional unit testing of developed applications Assist in creating testing plans & lead resolution of bugs during testing Works in conjunction with technical resources in other Bell cross functional teams and outside vendors to troubleshoot and resolve issues Working as a part of a development team in a fast paced environment Excellent professional and written/verbal communications skills; well-developed negotiation skills in order to successfully bridge gaps between users and developers. 2+ years of software development experience Telecommunications industry experience is desirable. Must have Experience with Java 1.8+, Spring Boot, Spring and Groovy Must have experience working with web services (REST / SOAP) Must have experience with Apache Tomcat, Apache HTTP or WebLogic application servers Must have Experience with Agile/Scrum A working knowledge of writing SQL queries Familiar with development/deployment pipelines using tools as follows: Jira/Git/Bitbucket/Jenkins/Maven Experience with Salesforce and Salesforce development Experience with PHP, Drupal and DNN Experience with AWS Lambda Working experience with AWS services Experience with AngularJS, NodeJS, Coffeescript, Mocha Experience with Puppet, Chef or SaltStack Familiarity or experience with NetCracker Availability to work occasional weekends and evenings to meet hard deadlines and available to work occasional overnights to take part in deployment activities Ability to travel within Montreal, Ottawa, London and Toronto corridors with little advance notification; travel is typically infrequent depending on project needs 
ScrapedJobID713:
Solid understanding of AWS services Knowledge of back-end development best practices Experience writing RESTful and GraphQL APIs Can write unit testable code Can write clear and concise documentation Networking knowledge (TCP/IP, HTTP, DNS) Game Design Educational Games Computer Games E-Learning 
ScrapedJobID714:
Flexible working hours in an innovative and exciting industry Health and Wellness Allowance Parking or Transit Stipend Extra Holiday Days Never less than 15 days of vacation, even in your first year Ample paid sick days Health, Dental, Vision and complementary health - shared benefits coverage Located at beautiful Purdy's Wharf with access to many convenient amenities Two company events per year A games room with a pool table and ping pong gear A collaboration and relation space with three TVs to enjoy the latest game as you relax with your view of the harbour Many "Fun Factory" planned ongoing initiatives A collaborative, diverse and team focused environment that supports your growth as a professional This position will have the opportunity to build mobile applications for Kinduct's partners - some of the largest and most recognizable sports and media brands in the world such as NFL, FIFA, NBA, NHL, & MLB Develop core functionality and components for applications; services and websites, in support of Consumer and B2B facing users, by starting with business needs and objectives, creating functional and technical specifications and executing against a plan to launch and maintain applications Review project objectives and determine best technology for implementation Implement best practice standards for development and deployment of code and applications. Ensure clear/straightforward design and comprehensive documentation of code. Identify code/functionality that can be reused and pull it out, improve upon it, and publish it for appropriate reuse within the team. Review emerging technologies and evaluate potential uses for Technology Solutions and other divisions. Develop prototype projects using new technologies. Evaluate software products and vendors for Technology Solutions and other divisions. Recommend action, develop and lead implementation of selected products/services. Work with developers to ensure mobile code standards and best practices are performed for development of applications. Provide mentorship to more junior teammates as required. Strong knowledge of Objective-C or Swift Knowledge of common application and software design patterns Experience in integrating with and designing RESTful APls Familiarity with Git Knowledge of common iOS libraries for persistence, networking, and UI. Apple libraries preferred Knowledge of standard application security practices Take initiative with seeking out tasks, communication, and updating status; Ability to prioritize, multi-task, and perform effectively under pressure; Be willing to ask for assistance when roadblocks impede progress; Ability to define requirements and manage tasks with multiple deadlines under minimal supervision; Display reliability, integrity and trustworthiness; Demonstrate a willingness to learn new technologies during a product life cycle; Possess analytical and problem-solving skills; Displays creative and innovative thinking; Acceptance of differences in team members and a strong commitment to teamwork, cooperation and healthy behaviours Strong motivation to drive impact by creating great products and making improvements to same. Proactiveness, clear communicator of thoughts and ideas and fast learning. Interest in working in a very cross-functional team that touches many of the core systems and user flows at Kinduct. 
ScrapedJobID715:
Participate in training serials in the SEACOT training simulator in NFS Pacific located in Victoria, BC Provide integral training support in one of the following roles for individual and collective training events: Underwater Warfare Commander Anti-Surface Warfare Commander Support training in one of the above roles during Operational Team Training serials; Support the RCN by providing instructors with lesson plan integration support and scenario development, including the development of new games and scenarios with a focus on how to configure the trainers to support training. This includes providing training to new instructors on the operation of the SEACOT and its various simulation modules. Provide classroom and trainer mentoring support, with a focus on CMS operations, including tactical updates and ops room procedures; Provide support to the design, development and delivery of courseware for the RCN customer; Recommend operational insertions that will make the SEACOT/SEAWOLF classrooms effective for their intended purpose; Support Halifax-based NTTTS East team as required to meet RCN training targets, this includes regular attendance at virtual meetings and travel to location when necessary; Liaise with Lockheed Martin’s on-site Configuration Management (CM) and Data Management (DM) as required; Conduct tours and provide demonstrations of the SEACOT as tasked by DND; Identify (with the aid of instructors) and report discrepancies between application contents and operational systems functionality; Support NTTTS West team in preparation for CT serials; Support the development, continuous improvement and coordination of IT and CT games/simulations; Liaise with West Coast functional Technical Training Manager as required to support planning, communication, development and delivery of training to the RCN as well as to highlight areas of potential growth; Liaise with Lockheed Martin staff to report defects and areas for enhancement; Liaise with NTTTS East and West staff, System Administrators and support services; Be flexible to changing customer priorities which may require semi-regular work beyond core hours and/or overtime; Work with minimum supervision and follow common internal company processes; and Liaise with NTTTS staff, software developers, facilitators, subject matter experts (SME), support services, and other Lockheed Martin and/or customer staff as required. Degree or diploma from a recognized school, or commensurate military/civilian training combined with a minimum of 3-5 years of professional/military experience; Recent experience or demonstrated capacity to perform one of the Warfare Commander roles identified above; Experience with Voice Comms and Naval tactics is necessary; Experience or demonstrated capacity to collaborate with teams of Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) to support complex problem solving, planning, scenario / training development activities; Detailed knowledge of CMS 330 and associated trainers; Solid working knowledge of Microsoft Office; Recent experience or demonstrated capacity to instruct in a classroom environment is an asset; Training and experience with course scheduling, authoring training materials, and applying these in the trainers is an asset; Strong analytical and communication skills; and French and/or Spanish language skills would be an asset. 
ScrapedJobID716:
Working with external team to build high-end showcases for Unity Developing features, workflows or tools as needed in collaboration with our partner teams Optimizing systems and tools to work with massive data sets Working with premiere technology inside Unity to tackle ambitious problems and improve our tools before release. AAA game development experience with several titles shipped on PC or Console Excellent and current programming skills. C/C++, C# Strong optimization and debugging skills. Great communication skills and ability to work effectively on shared projects with designers, artists, testers, and other developers Experience with Unity, Unreal, CryEngine or other 3D game engines Experience with animation programming and procedural animation techniques. A love of writing good tools and workflows for all kinds of game developers Realtime networked multiplayer game experience, specifically with rollback prediction models. 
ScrapedJobID717:
Utiliser tes connaissances pour créer des interfaces événementielles esthétiques, et hautement interactives à l'aide d'Angular 9+. Collaborer avec les développeurs côté serveur, les concepteurs de l'expérience utilisateur et les analystes commerciaux. Intégrer la gestion de l'authentification/autorisation via OAuth/JWT et la connexion aux backends via les API gRPC/REST. Interagir avec les autres équipes techniques et de produits tout au long du processus de planification et de la phase de mise en œuvre. Collaborer au processus DevOps pour l'automatisation des processus de développement et de test et des pipelines CI/CD. Toutes autres tâches connexes Maîtrise des versions récentes des technologies d'interface utilisateur : Angular (ou React, Vue), HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript. Expertise en JavaScript: vous comprenez l'héritage prototypique, la portée et les closures. Expérience approfondie du développement côté client acquise lors de la construction d'applications web à page unique. Maîtrise des API avec gestion des authentifications (OAuth / JWT). Avoir une connaissance de REST ou de g RPC. Être familiarisé avec les techniques avancées de gestion du code source avec GitHub, GitLab ou Gerrit. Faire preuve de minutie, de rigueur, d'organisation, de gestion du temps et du stress. Être débrouillard(e) et avoir une excellente capacité de résolution de problème. Avoir un esprit d’équipe, être autonome et organisé(e). Heures de travail flexibles Politique de télétravail flexible Télétravail possible temporairement en temps de pandémie Assurances collectives complètes offertes à 100% Jours de vacances et de maladie avantageuses dès le 1er jour Un environnement de travail stimulant, une ambiance décontractée ainsi qu’une salle à manger toute équipée avec café à volonté Une salle de sport et de jeux sur place Activités de groupe – barbecue, vendredi pizza, 5@7, billard, karting, etc. (hors pandémie) Use your knowledge to build great-looking, event-driven and highly interactive interfaces using Angular 9+. Collaborate with server-side developers, user-experience designers and business analysts. Integrate authentication / authorization management via OAuth / JWT and connection to backends via gRPC/REST APIs. Interact with the other technical and product teams throughout the planning process and implementation phase. Collaborate in the DevOps process for the automation of development and testing processes and CI/CD pipelines. All other related tasks Proficiency in recent versions of user-interface technologies: Angular (or React, Vue), HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript. Expertise in JavaScript: you understand prototypical inheritance, scope, and closures. Extensive client-side development experience gained while building single-page web applications. Mastery of APIs with authentication management (OAuth / JWT). Have knowledge of either REST or g RPC. Be familiar of advanced Source Code Management techniques with GitHub, GitLab, or Gerrit. Excellent problem-solving skills. Demonstrate intrinsic motivation and initiative, be resourceful and autonomous. A team spirit, demonstrate thoroughness, rigor, organization, time and stress management. Flexible working hours Competitive salary Flexible work from home policy A flat hierarchy that fosters communication between everyone Work alongside an international team comprised of industry experts Full group insurance offered at 100%, a voluntary retirement savings plan Advantageous vacation and sick days from day 1 A stimulating work environment, a relaxed atmosphere as well as a fully equipped dining room with unlimited coffee On-site gym, ping-pong table and games Many group activities: on-site barbecues, pizza days, 5@7, billiards, karting, etc. (Post pandemic) 
ScrapedJobID718:
Manage the process and solution development teams, ensuring that Orckestra’s commercial projects are built according to the right architectural approach and delivered successfully; Makes sure to build winning delivery teams; Ensures coordination of the management of the use of freelancers; Be responsible for designing effective solutions that meet customers’ business requirements. You can get into the technical details and support solution architects and technical managers, helping them design and build quality software; Responsible for development, continuous integration, and continuous delivery (CI/CD) processes, implementation of the DevOps approach, test automation and release management for customer projects; Ensure the effective technical integration of your teams and support them in their daily activities, helping them develop their skills in the development of successful enterprise commerce solutions; Mobilize your teams to contribute to tools, portals, game books and processes to improve the experience of developers who use our platform. Participate and contribute with our product team to the implementation and optimization of automated solutions for the configuration, testing, deployment and monitoring of enterprise commerce solutions provided to our customers; Maintain the relationship and ensure a proper coordination of the work and use of our integrator partner’s resources, during the execution and delivery of the project; Support pre-sales activities, particularly in terms of evaluations of the efforts required to carry out projects. In-depth knowledge of modern software architecture and design for large-scale web applications (cloud computing); Backend development using .NET/.NET Core and C# and be comfortable with large data sets (ideally in a SQL Server environment); Knowledge of front-end development and the most common JavaScript frameworks; Excellent communicator, fluent in French and English; Focused on customer satisfaction; Initiative, team management, people oriented; In-depth knowledge of Agile methodologies such as Scrum, etc.; Able to coach new software developers who join the team; Experience in leading cloud application development; Project expertise in e-commerce would be an important asset. Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, or another technical discipline; More than 7 years of experience in a project delivery management role, supporting multiple teams working on different projects; More than 5 years of previous experience as a software developer, solution architect or related roles. A flexible work schedule (37.5 hours/week) in a friendly and dynamic environment; Possibility of teleworking after the pandemic, no minimum number of days in the office will be imposed; Work equipment provided while working from home; Competitive salaries; Full group insurance plans upon hiring; Stock purchase plan after three (3) months; Minimum 3-week vacation; Paid vacations between Christmas and New Year’s Day; Five sick days; Two personal floating days. 
ScrapedJobID719:
Evolve, expand, and support our custom tool suite for creating character assets (sculpting brush workflows, deformers, procedural rig helpers, etc.) Evolve, expand, and support our custom tool suite for in-shot posing and manipulation (animation capture and transfer, playblasting, dynamic rig armatures, path-driven animation, procedural secondary motion, etc.) Debug, optimize, and benchmark rig interactivity and playback Collaborate with artists on developing intuitive visualizations and interactive workflows Our engineers get the opportunity to work on the full stack of our tools, from developing the underlying algorithms through building intuitive artist-friendly interfaces. Our developers work in a collaborative, cross-site, environment in the pursuit of simple and performant solutions to complex problems. Work hand in hand with artists to make the tools we need for the incredibly complex and rich characters and environments featured in our movies. Support the artists in their day-to-day work including debugging any issues with the tools as well as brainstorming on the best use of the tools to solve a particular creative challenge. Develop new artist-centric interaction models using the latest hardware and technologies. Bachelor’s/Master’s with specialization in Computer Graphics (with a focus on areas related to the rigging and animation toolset) or comparable industry experience in a research, studio, or games environment Proficiency in C++, strong software design and engineering skills Excellent problem solving, troubleshooting and debugging skills Ability to develop and optimize algorithms for efficiency and scalability Deep understanding of mathematical fundamentals (linear algebra, graph theory, etc) Ability to prioritize competing demands Exemplary communication skills, including the ability to engage with artists to understand their requirements and formulate practical solutions Experience working in and developing plugins for third party animation packages (especially Maya) Professional experience in a software developer role Experience working in an Animation production environment Familiarity with UI development toolkits (especially QT) for building and supporting clean interfaces Expertise in performance tuning and writing/debugging of parallel code Knowledge of the latest publications in the academic community relevant to character animation Ability to adapt and extend relevant research to production-level tools tailored to the specific art-directed needs Working knowledge of Python 
ScrapedJobID720:

ScrapedJobID721:
Develop, maintain and evolve the gateway technology (written in Erlang) and its client-side connection management layer (in C++) according to Demonware’s standards of reliability and quality Liaise with other teams on feature implementation, ensuring their requirements are met in a timely appropriate manner Ensure all components are highly scalable and maintainable Own the features and components developed Partner with other engineers to troubleshoot problems with online and multiplayer features, and provide an excellent customer experience Provide mentorship on best practices for backend development and integration 6+ years Software Development experience Excellent problem solving and analytical skills Excellent communication skills allowing effect interactions with internal/external teams Love to code. Excellent development skills, knowledge of either or both of Erlang and C++ is a plus, but not required. Previous experience designing APIs for use by other developers. Can understand and explain what makes a well-designed API A good understanding of networking protocols: TCP, HTTP, TLS, etc. Ability to analyze requirements and make corresponding design decisions Has initiative, and is able to complete complex tasks with minimal supervision Experience with game development or game engines Experience with continuous integration and agile methodologies Experience with building backend services, including skills in: Python or a similar language Linux & open-source technologies Database design, including MySQL and NoSQL databases Experience with large scale services (up to millions of concurrent users) 
ScrapedJobID722:
At least 5 years professional video game programming experience Proficiency with Javascript and SQL as a minimum, with additional experience in other backend languages. Working experience with AWS, Azure or other cloud service providers Experience with matchmaking, analytics, and authentication systems Understanding of micro-services architecture Strong interpersonal communication skills. High degree of self-motivation and initiative-taking An understanding and passion for video games Predilection and the ability to take on research and self-education Willingness to work in Toronto is preferred, but remote opportunities are available. Have, or are pursuing, a B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or an equivalent degree Experience developing and supporting backend services for large titles. Bonus Structure 4.5 weeks Paid vacation Relocation assistance Flexible schedule Weekly happy hour Healthcare & benefits 
ScrapedJobID723:
Will develop, extend and maintain multiplayer framework solutions. Work in close daily cooperation with the Lead Developer to scope, prioritize, document, plan, iterate and execute on the multiplayer framework. Is the hands-on developer for all game networking systems and is accountable for the technical fidelity, execution, optimization. Accurately scope, develop and deliver game components on time and to the highest quality. Is a key part of the team in architecting and building out networking systems Must be constantly iterating and optimizing their systems to drive performance and world class play experiences. Is vital in identifying potential performance issues, and optimizing to reduce performance bottlenecks. You are responsible for the quality of code you produce. This will require regular code reviews and architecture reviews at milestones through the course of the project. You have expert knowledge of Unity3d You are an expert in C#. You have professional experience and examples using one of the following networking packages: PUN2, Photon Bolt, Forge Remastered, Mirror, UNet, or MLAPI. Strong, demonstrable, understanding of networking concepts and architectures Experience with Photon, Mirror or other comparable networking frameworks Excellent communication skills and enjoy working in a team. Excellent problem solving and lateral thinking skills. Excellent math skills. Proven ability to troubleshoot and provide technical solutions & recommendations You are a specialist when it comes to your level of focus but a generalist when it comes to sharing knowledge and pitching in to help get the team across the finish line. A personal passion for staying on top of new technologies, game trends and discovering ways for implementation. Experience with VR development. Experience with Unity3d tools development Open / Remote 
ScrapedJobID724:
Solve our clients’ business problems by using a variety of technologies to develop systems that are well-architected and meet the clients’ needs. Analyze projects to determine feasibility and create time estimates. Design, code, and test systems for our clients. Create system design documentation outlining overview, diagrams, and designs specific to users, application systems, and technical requirements. Assist with identifying and establishing tools, operating environments, design, and development standards. Recommend improvements for development and system maintenance processes and identify technical considerations in project planning, risk mitigation, task identification, estimating, and task dependencies. Proficient in JavaScript frameworks, e.g., React, Angular, Vue.js. 5+ years of experience in .Net Framework. Experience in web application frameworks. Experience in web services. Experience working in both Agile and Waterfall environments. Knowledge of SOLID design principles. Experience with unit tests and mocking frameworks. Understanding of database technologies and performance tuning Professional Development budget and days Interest-free tech-enablement loans A Career Mentor to support your growth and development RRSP/401K matches Bonus programs Wellness program 
ScrapedJobID725:
Expertise in at least one of the general programming languages like Python, Ruby, Go, Rust, Javascript, or similar. Expertise in relational databases such as PostgreSQL or MySQL Experience in designing REST APIs Experience using NoSQL databases such as Elasticsearch or MongoDB is a plus Experience using Docker, Kubernetes, AWS, GCP is a plus The type of work. Challenging, stimulating and meaningful work. New and relevant tech stack. We know engineers/developers especially want to work on hard technical and innovative problems. The inspiration from skilled and proven leaders. Entrepreneurial fingerprints on what will be a future billion dollar company anchored in Canada. Culture, team, and the work environment. High degree of autonomy and accountability. High degrees of transparency and high quality communication. Builders Intellectually Curious Ambitious Objective Oriented Check us out! We gather compensation benchmarking data across BC and Canada’s Tech Industry, and use that data to build a range for our current team and future talent based on skill, capabilities and potential. These positions can range from $85,000-$150,000 CDN based on level of experience, skill, and capacities. So there is always continued conversation around compensation. Benefits. We currently have extended health benefits. Vacation. Unlimited Vacation. We want the team to prioritize wellness and avoid burnout. We want to also give individuals autonomy to choose how and when they take vacation. We understand and respect that everyone’s needs for time off are different, just like our team. Vacation usually falls into 3 categories: recharging, life-event, keeping a work-life balance. just ensure the required work gets done and clear it with your team in advance. In practice we usually see our teams take anywhere from 2-4 weeks a year, and Klue always takes a reasonable approach so we can all continue to benefit from flexibility. Work-life integration: Hybrid work model, flexible working schedules, and a global team. Health Benefits. 
ScrapedJobID726:
Design and architecture of the SDK Unity SDK offering. Work hand-in-hand with the key stakeholders and Unity team lead using the SDK, Unity 3D and associated tools. Write elegant, maintainable, reusable code, leveraging test driven principles to develop high quality applications Troubleshoot and resolve software defects and other technical issues Act as a mentor for Unity team developers. Review individual developer's code in the team to ensure highest code quality in the SDK Unity 3D team. 5 to 7+ years of extensive experience working on software products 5+ years extensive experience working with Unity 3D engine and have source code experience At least 3 years of full time C# programming experience Experience with native plugin development for Unity, including marshaling Full knowledge of C# language and .NET standards for C# code Basic understanding of software design patterns Experience with VR, AR, or MR/XR development Experience with performance optimization in Unity Experience with Git Experience working in engineering teams in an agile and dynamic environment Extensive experience working with developer tools like emulators, debuggers, profilers etc Strong functional and automated testing, test strategy and planning and development experience Experience with mobile software development a plus Experience building Game Engines is nice to have BA/BS. MS is preferred All your information will be kept confidential according to Equal Employment Opportunities guidelines 
ScrapedJobID727:
Concevoir et créer de nouveaux outils en fonction des besoins des développeurs Collaborer avec des artistes, des concepteurs et d'autres ingénieurs pour le développement de fonctionnalités Identifier et éliminer les inefficacités dans le flux de création de contenu Design and architect new tools based on developer requirements Collaborate with artists, designers, and other engineers for feature development Identify and eliminate inefficiencies in the content creation workflow Plus de 7 ans d'expérience en développement de logiciels Excellentes compétences/expérience en programmation en C++ et C# Expérience en développement d'applications Qt et/ou WPF Solides compétences en communication Solides compétences en architecture et souci du détail Capacité à écrire un code clair et facile à maintenir 7+ years of software development experience Excellent programming skills/experience in C++ and C# Experience developing Qt and/or WPF applications Strong communication skills Solid architecture skills and attention to detail Ability to write clear and maintainable code Expérience de l'architecture client/serveur de jeux en réseau Expérience avec SQL Expérience de travail avec de grands ensembles de données Compétences en conception UI et UX Solides compétences en mathématiques 3D Baccalauréat en informatique ou expérience équivalente Experience with network game client/server architecture Experience with SQL Experience working with large datasets UI and UX design skills Strong 3D math skills Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience 
ScrapedJobID728:
Build, mentor, and manage a team of web developers (back-end, front-end, and integrators) Manage projects tha range in size and scope but are extremely strategic to the business Lead the support team, which handles bugs and support requests Communicate with internal clients about progress, deadlines, and roadblocks Perform daily follow up on ongoing tasks, removing roadblocks as needed Determine and implement best practices regarding development, and align yourself with other development departments Motivate the web development team and ensure it's working at maximum efficiency Conduct all task management activities in JIRA Determine and enforce the web development lifecycle workflows (code reviews, QA, go-live process, release notes, documentation) Cultivate operational excellence through metrics and continuous learning Strong technical ability in web development using mostly Microsoft Stack Proven leadership and management abilities to lead to greatness Bachelor's degree in a computer science field is required, as well as 6-9 years of relevant experience. A positive, can-do attitude and the energy to get it done, even when the situation is hard Unwavering attention to detail with an acute awareness that everything counts Proven demonstration of effective problem solving Strong knowledge of how to have efficient workflow for web development Knowledge of CMS; knowledge of Kentico a big plus Excellent written and verbal communication skills Customer-oriented, with a desire to offer a great customer service Ability to effectively coordinate multiple tasks of varying complexities and meet deadlines Strong experience using JIRA Strong, dedicated work ethic TEC provides a unique and advantageous RRSP program: invest in TEC where you can make a difference! TEC offers group insurance for employees Free snacks: we regularly have fresh fruit, bagels, and donuts Monthly 5@7 and other impromptu gatherings Free coffee and tea Gym on premises Free parking or we pay your public transit pass Flexible hours Accessible management: open-door policy 
ScrapedJobID729:
Direct, oversee and communicate regular updates regarding project engineering efforts including game client/server technology, development roadmap and live operation of cross platform products Manage technical design and development of game software, ensuring design and architecture is extensible across projects Architect and develop robust, scalable and efficient mobile (iOS/Android) solution to support product player base Collaborate with various key stakeholders and directly contribute to design of major game features, technology budgeting, scheduling and whole-project dependency analysis Proactively identify development bottlenecks across all areas, disciplines and projects and coordinate solutions Understand and manages technical debts where it helps to increase efficiency for the project Experience leading technical development in the mobile games space and have shipped at least 2 large scale game titles 7+ years of progressive experience in similar capacity including 5+ years in a technical leadership role, preferably in game industry Knowledgeable and approachable with demonstrated ability to drive to clear action and ownership Experience building and running highly scalable applications Experience in Profiling on any game platform (Mobile, iOS, Android, PC, Consoles) Knowledge in how to deal with platform/device specific issues A problem-solver who can also implement the solutions Experience with the Unity engine Fixing crash bugs, means firefighting Optimization Telemetry Pipelines Tools Bundling/asset management Data mining Perforce Integrations iOS/Android native code (Objective-C/Swift, Java) SDK / Plugins Unity Upgrades General infrastructure 
ScrapedJobID730:
Qualified applicants will be expected to complete a Level Design test. This is a full-time, permanent position. Please apply only if you have the right to work in Canada. We do not relocate / offer visa sponsorship for this position. Craft, tune and implement awesome match3 levels that are fresh, challenging and will keep users engaged for a long time Mentor and provide feedback to junior game designers Design levels based on gathered user data, user tests and constantly improve KPIs based on those metrics Work in a collaborative team atmosphere 4+ years of level / game design experience, including content/systems for Match3 games Understanding of core mechanics, game loops, and meta-game systems gained by being an avid player of puzzle games Match3 level design experience on at least one shipped title Ability to analyze, understand, and articulate what contributes to quality puzzle level design Direct experience making, balancing, and pacing levels Adept with Excel/spreadsheets Take advantage of an exciting job where you can develop professionally Contribute your talent and your skills in a fast-growing company within an inspiring and international team in Berlin Direct transfer of responsibility in the company with flexible structures, flat hierarchies and short decision paths 
ScrapedJobID731:
Rechercher des références en animation Produire divers ensembles d'animations pour des personnages, des créatures et des véhicules selon les besoins du design/de la jouabilité tout en respectant l'identité visuelle et la direction de l'animation établies (navigation set/combat/combos/compétences, etc.) Aider l'animateur technique à créer des rigs personnalisés, et à faire le skinning des créatures/personnages/véhicules dont ils sont responsables Assurer une collaboration étroite avec les graphistes de personnages 3D, l'équipe VFX et les responsables techniques de l'équipe afin de maîtriser les contraintes de production Veiller à maintenir une communication constante entre les divers départements Maintenir un standard de qualité supérieur Researching animation references Producing various animation sets for characters, creatures and vehicles according to design/gameplay needs, while adhering to the established visual identity and animation direction (navigation set, combat/combos/skills, etc.) Helping the technical animator to create custom rigs, and to skin creatures/characters/vehicles for which they are responsible Ensuring close collaboration with the 3D character artists, the VFX team, and the team's technical leads to contend with constraints related to production Ensuring that there is constant communication between the various departments Maintaining a superior level of quality Maîtrise des 12 principes fondamentaux de l'animation (compression et étirement, anticipation, mise en scène, toute l'action d'un coup et partie par partie, continuité du mouvement initial et chevauchement de deux mouvements consécutifs, ralentissement en début et en fin de mouvement, trajectoire arquée, détails secondaires en mouvement, cohérence physique et cohérence théâtrale, exagération, qualité du dessin, charisme) Bases académiques solides : anatomie ; compréhension des contraintes physiques mécaniques et organiques ; règles élémentaires de composition Maîtrise parfaite des principes d'animation de caméra et de mise en scène Sens créatif, souci du détail, analyse pertinente du contenu narratif Vaste connaissance des arts visuels (films d'animation, jeux, design de personnages, design industriel/automobile, bande dessinée, photographie, etc.) Adaptation/polyvalence à différents styles/univers graphiques Maîtrise de divers progiciels de production d'animation 3D (3ds Max [character studio / Biped, CAT, custom rig], Maya, MotionBuilder, Spine, etc.) Compréhension des arbres/systèmes d'animation et de leur fonctionnement Expérience en mise en place de rigs personnalisés pour des personnages/véhicules (obligatoire) Notions fondamentales sur les contraintes de production et les limitations techniques ou légales Capacité à vulgariser des idées complexes ou techniques Bon sens organisationnel Bon sens de l'analyse et du jugement dans la résolution de problèmes Mastery of the 12 fundamental principles of animation (squash and stretch, anticipation, staging, straight ahead and pose-to-pose, follow through and overlapping action, easing in and easing out, arc, secondary action, timing, exaggeration, solid drawing, appeal) Solid educational background: anatomy; understanding of physics-related constraints, both mechanical and organic; basic rules of composition Complete command of camera animation and of staging principles Creative, attentive to detail, and able to clearly analyze narrative content Broad knowledge of the visual arts (animated films, games, character design, industrial/automobile design, comics, photography, etc.) Versatile and able to adapt to various visual styles/worlds Mastery of a variety of 3D-animation production software packages (3ds Max [character studio / Biped, CAT, custom rig], Maya, MotionBuilder, Spine, etc.) Understanding of animation trees/systems and how they work Experience setting up custom rigs for characters/vehicles (must-have) Basic knowledge of fundamental production constraints and of technical or legal limitations Able to simplify complex or technical ideas Good organizational skills Good analytical skills and judgment related to problem-solving Parce que vous voulez vivre une expérience exceptionnelle, au sein d'une entreprise en constante évolution ! Parce que vous voulez travailler avec des collègues talentueux et pionniers dans l’industrie ! Parce que l’idée d’ouvrir vos horizons à une culture internationale et au partage de connaissances avec des collègues à l’autre bout du monde vous enchante ! Ou tout simplement parce que vous recherchez un endroit où il y fait bon travailler ! Horaire flexible Dès votre embauche, 3 semaines de vacances et des congés mobiles Congé offert entre Noël et le jour de l'An pour bien débuter la nouvelle année Programme de REER collectif avec participation de l'employeur Programme d'assurances collectives avantageux Accès gratuit à une clinique médicale virtuelle 24h/24, 7 jours/7 Programme d'aide aux employés et à leur famille immédiate Programme de remboursement partiel pour votre déplacement au bureau (transport en commun et/ou stationnement) Accompagnement lors de toute relocalisation pour les nouveaux collaborateurs en provenance de pays ou de régions hors Québec Programme de référencement avec bonus Activités et prix offerts régulièrement par le comité social Local à vélos sécurisé et montant offert pour encourager le transport actif (période estivale) Collations offertes quotidiennement (fruits, café, etc.) 4@7 les vendredis Espaces de jeux Terrasse sur le toit Studio à proximité du parc Jarry et des nombreux attraits du Mile-Ex et de la Petite-Italie Activités physiques organisées à même le studio ou au parc Jarry (ex. : yoga) Because you want to be part of an exceptional experience within a company that is constantly growing! Because you want to work with talented people who are industry pioneers! Because you want to join a global company and meet great people around the world from all walks of life. Or, just because you’re looking for a great place to work! Flexible schedule 3 weeks’ vacation and mobile days off, available as of your start date Time off between Christmas and New Year’s Day to help you start the year off on the right foot Group RRSP program with employer contributions Great group insurance program Free 24/7 access to a virtual medical clinic The Employee and Family Assistance Program Partial reimbursement of your commuting costs (for public transit and/or parking) Support for new employees relocating from countries or regions outside Quebec Referral program with bonuses Regular activities and prizes courtesy of our Social Committee Secure bike storage room and a subsidy to encourage active transportation (during the summer) Daily snacks (fruit, coffee, etc.) Friday happy hours A game room A rooftop terrace Studio located near Jarry Park and the charming Mile-Ex and Little Italy neighbourhoods Fitness classes at the studio itself or at Jarry Park (e.g., yoga) 
ScrapedJobID732:
Cerner les besoins inhérents à la création d'un environnement 3d et le réaliser dans un éditeur; Communiquer visuellement la fonction d'un espace à l'aide de formes simples. Concevoir et valider des prototypes de scénarios qui permettront d'améliorer l'expérience du joueur; Mettre en œuvre le système de combat et intégrer les cinématiques dans les niveaux; Travailler en étroite collaboration avec les équipes d'art et de design afin de créer et de perfectionner l'expérience de jeu; Prioriser les tâches, respecter les délais, et communiquer efficacement; Récolter les impressions sur les niveaux auprès de l'équipe; Demeurer à jour sur les nouvelles tendances et les dernières innovations dans l’industrie. 3 ans ou plus d'expérience à titre de Concepteur de niveaux dans l'industrie du jeu vidéo; Avoir livré au moins 2 titres multiplateformes; Maîtrise des logiciels Photoshop, 3DS Max and Sketchup; Expérience sur Unreal Engine; Connaissances en programmation; Aptitude démontrée à pouvoir résoudre des problèmes complexes. Adepte du Système D; Excellent esprit de leadership et de relations interpersonnelles; Enthousiaste, positif, axé sur l’équipe. Identify requirements necessary for the creation of 3d environments and execute it in editor; Visually communicate the function of a space using basic shapes; Design and prototype engaging gameplay scenarios that will enhance the player’s experience; Implement and script combat and cinematics; Work closely with the art and design teams to create and refine the gameplay experience; Prioritize tasks, meet deadlines, and communicate in a professional manner. Gather the team’s feedback on fun and gameplay inside the levels; Stay up to date on new tools and trends, as well as the latest innovations in the industry. 3+ years of experience as a game Level Designer in the industry; Shipped at least 2 multiplatform titles; Knowledge of Photoshop, 3DS Max and Sketchup; Experience with Unreal Engine; Programming knowledge is an advantage; Excellent team leadership and interpersonal skills; Proven ability to tackle complex problems. Can adapt and troubleshoot; Enthusiastic, positive, team-oriented. 
ScrapedJobID733:
Travailler avec les concepteurs UI pour décomposer les capacités nécessaires à la réalisation de leur vision Effectuer des recherches indépendantes sur des questions générales relatives au UI afin de fournir des informations et des orientations à l'équipe Créer les systèmes fondamentaux du UI en tenant compte de l'avenir Rédiger du code performant et facile à maintenir pour réaliser les conceptions techniques Définir les normes dont s'inspireront les futurs développeurs UI Fournir des suggestions et des commentaires sur les conceptions de UI afin d'aider à produire le meilleur UI pour les joueurs Work with UI designers to break down the capabilities needed to realize their vision Independently research broad UI questions to provide insight and direction to the team Architect foundational UI systems with an eye towards the future Write maintainable and performant code to realize technical designs Set the standards that future UI developers will learn from Provide suggestions and feedback on UI designs to help produce the best UIs for players Plus de 5 ans d'expérience dans le développement de logiciels Expérience avec le C++ moderne Connaissance des concepts fondamentaux de UI, tels que la mise en page 2D, l'animation et le rendu du texte Familiarité avec plusieurs cadres de UI (jeu, web, application, etc.) Familiarité avec les « shaders », les systèmes de particules et le rendu 3D Capacité à collaborer avec d'autres programmeurs dans une base de code partagée 5+ years of software development experience Experience with modern C++ Knowledge of fundamental UI concepts like 2D layout, animation, and text rendering Familiarity with several UI frameworks (game, web, application, etc.) Familiarity with shaders, particle systems, and 3D rendering Ability to collaborate with other programmers in a shared code base Diplôme en informatique ou expérience équivalente Expérience avec les frameworks déclaratifs de UI comme React Expérience de l'architecture de jeu client/serveur Expérience avec les outils de UI Expérience avec ECS Expérience avec le profilage et l'optimisation Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience Experience with declarative UI frameworks like React Experience with client/server game architecture Experience with UI tooling Experience with Entity Component System Experience with profiling and optimization 
ScrapedJobID734:
Ontario St, Toronto, ON, Canada Employees can work remotely Full-time Department: Code Location: Canada / Toronto Project: Undisclosed IP Developing and maintaining the tools and systems necessary to implement gameplay features Prototyping new gameplay features Coding for complex gameplay mechanics Coding for level layout, event scripting, balancing, pacing, and tuning Testing, debugging, profiling, and optimizing implementations Actively attending code review At least 5+ years of experience in the production of games for consoles and PC Shipped title experience A keen sense of what makes gameplay systems fun Ability to work well in a fluid, changing environment as creative challenges evolve Ability to work with game developers from all disciplines Strong skills in C/C++ Familiarity with AI, physics, animation, and gameplay code in general Knowledge of any project management and bug tracking software (like JIRA) Ability to write solid, reliable, efficient code Being able to work efficiently under tight deadlines Strong verbal and written communication skills in English Open-minded team player attitude Strong work ethic and self-motivated Passionate about playing and making video games A competitive salary and performance-based bonuses Personal development opportunities and the possibility to work in a multicultural environment Work in a creative team with people full of passion for what they do Private health care & gym card Business trips and integration events Comprehensive assistance in relocation Fresh fruits, snacks, and beverages for everyone in the office Free library with a wide range of games and books In-company English language classes and Polish lessons for foreigners An informal atmosphere, no dress code, no unwanted formalities 
ScrapedJobID735:
Develop concepts for a range of animation productions in collaboration with other creative stakeholders. Articulate rationale for artistic approach and work collaboratively to resolve varying perspectives. Create visual boards to explore references and previous antecedents on international exhibits related with the project and share them with the team and client. Create vision boards, mood boards, concept designs, style frames and storyboards Art direction to elaborate and refine a visual approach. Create high and low polygon 3D scenes/props in Maya (or another 3D software) Develop a beautiful cohesive layout with 3D assets resulting in an immersive scene Showcase a sophisticated understanding and application of art and design, fluency with diverse styles, and ability to develop unique visual approaches across different mediums and projects. Research, document, and share creative ideas, approaches, and trends for animation. Contribute positively to the NGX workplace. Flexibility. A portfolio that reflects your skills and range. Demonstrated experience through all phases of the 2D/3D production pipeline. Self-starter, able to solve problems and find solutions independent of supervisor input. Experience working in a creative setting, with proven ability to participate in design discussions. Proven ability to manage multiple workflows with grace and poise. Fluency with Autodesk Maya and Adobe Suite. C4D or Houdini knowledge is a bonus. Strong verbal and visual communication skills. Team player who can thrive in a collaborative and dynamic creative environment. Ready to start as soon as possible. 
ScrapedJobID736:
Oversee internal and external technical projects and dependencies for Halo Infinite : ensure contingency plans are in place, recommend solutions, validate plans and timelines, and understand the overall impact on stakeholders Take ownership of various sub-teams of Halo Infinite's engineering team and support them to deliver on key milestones Interact with and manage various key internal and external stakeholder groups, using expert communication skills to foster strong and collaborative relationships Participate in high level planning with project managers and technical directors, while contributing regular updates on engineering efforts of key sub-teams Provide career management to your team through annual performance reviews, ongoing mentorship and feedback, and regular 1-on-1s Support the team directly by providing hands-on coding solutions to help solve complex problems or blockers when needed Be an active participant and driver of SkyBox culture of learning, development, and collaboration 10+ years of professional software engineering experience in the games industry At least 2 years' experience in a leadership role driving technical road maps and managing high performing engineering teams Experience shipping multiple game titles on PC and/or console Extensive experience programming in C++ Strong stakeholder management skills and experience communicating with technical and non-technical teams Experience providing career management to software engineers, with strong leadership skills and a desire to teach and mentor others Driven and self-motivated to produce results and lead technical initiatives Familiarity leading a team in the early stages of a growing project 
ScrapedJobID737:
Provide AI/Machine Learning and Data Science skills as required to advance our AI innovations or client project requirements using AI methods. This includes both end user Interface development (Front End) and Back End Technical support. Providing technical leadership at the corporate level by setting priorities for the technical team and developing objectives and strategies in identifying, comparing, selecting, and implementing solutions. Lead system and quality assurance processes to ensure the protection of the company’s technical assets, while maintaining and evolving technology needs. Making recommendations and presenting business advantages for technology initiatives and improvements in line with policies, standards, current regulatory actions, technological innovations, and fiduciary considerations. Tracking and controlling the developments of annual operating and capital budgets for purchasing, staffing and technology operations. Advocating and communicating technology capabilities internally and externally, including leadership with our customers, partners, and vendors. Conducting research to remain up-to-date and knowledgeable regarding industry trends and emerging technologies, as well as leading internal R&D to maintain a technological advantage for teaching and learning, in partnership with strategic suppliers or institutions (governmental, educational or others) Proactively establish relationships and meet with current and potential customers to demonstrate the company's credentials at solving problems with technically-differentiated solutions. Responsible for the development and mentoring of a mid to senior level technical staff. Prepare SRED claims as required working with the Chief Data Scientist, CEO and Finance Team. 5 + years of programming experience is required as a full-stack software engineer. You have work experience in early stage / start-up Software Commercialization companies. You have strong communication skills given client interactions in set-up and configuration requirements, or developing custom functional specifications. You have proven success building high-performing technical teams and working with rapid growth and implementing change You are a strategic thinker and effective communicator offering expertise in technological development and the demonstrated ability to implement and execute organizationally. You bring knowledge and experience with Agile software development and agile scrumming practices and ensuring effective logging of software developments. Java Experience in database design, development, and enhancement. Specifically with SQL or related / Mongo (or other NoSQL) Working experience and knowledge of Amazon server infrastructure and technical operations Advanced experience in application design, development and implementation of medium to large database projects supporting Software as a Service (SaaS) Applications Javascript + AngularJS (or similar front-end framework), html + css Experience with SalesForce CRM Integrations Experience with version control i.e. Github and maintaining documentation function/feature practices Mongo Database (Structured and Unstructured data) Redis Experience with unix/linux AI/Data Sciences: Python: numpy / pandas / scikit /WEKA Android Stack for Mobile Application Development PowerBI (Advanced Analytics visualizations) Data Wrangling. – data science skills and advanced analytics Amazon Infrastructure Operations NLP (GPT-3 / Bert) Documenting Source Code Documentation and disciplined software development practices (ie: ticket logging in Assembla) You will be able to work with acclaimed thought leaders in the field of AI, Data Sciences, and Software as a Service, both in the company and also interact with our prestigious board of directors, and board advisors. You will work in a culture that values inclusiveness and diversity. You will have access to health and wellness and fitness benefits to ensure you keep healthy and strong in body, mind and spirit. You will participate in a corporate culture that values weekly open communication - Happy Snappy Monday to keep employees informed of company developments and highlights to recognize on a continual basis employee performance - weekly happy shout outs to give thanks. You will have a holiday incentive package that is generous and customized to your personal and family needs - ie: the office fully closes between xmas and new years, statutory holidays and three weeks of vacation. Access to attend educational and training forums as required that support the company’s business goals and your personal growth needs. You will have a financial incentive package with a base of $100K+, plus year end bonus, plus equity participation in the company shareholder agreement. Salary is commensurate with work experience and meeting business needs. Casual dress Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Stock options Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Do you have at least 5+ years of programming experience as a full-stack software engineer? English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID738:
Updating Tableau with the latest Qt release and working with feature teams to help them adapt to changes in functionality they depend on. Sharing knowledge of Qt and consulting with Tableau teams implementing new-features. Debugging from Tableau’s C++ codebase into Qt source code, in our desktop products on Windows and Mac, and server products on Windows and Linux. Engaging with the open-source community and working to integrate Tableau’s Qt bug fixes back into mainline Qt. Driving automation and continuous integration for how Tableau builds and deploys third-party libraries. A Problem Solver. You recognize problems, gather input, design solutions, garner support, and implement solutions that affect multiple teams. A Strong Communicator. You’re comfortable talking about technical things at a high level, or discussing the fiddly details. A Navigator of Chaos. You can forge a path through legacy code, ambiguity, and multiple stakeholders. A True Team Player. You love working as part of a team. You enjoy collaborating with, learning from, and teaching others. People love working with you because you help them up their game. You are interested in building cross-platform applications, working with legacy code, and performance profiling. Our product is built with C++, Java, TypeScript, and C#; experience with an OO language is desired and experience with others is a plus. Technically Flexible. You're open to expanding your technological comfort zone to tackle a wide variety of problems in pursuit of improving our products. You are a Recruiter! Tableau hires company builders and in this role you will be asked to be on the constant lookout for the best talent to bring on board to help us continue to build one of the best companies in the world! You are a Recruiter! Tableau hires company builders and in this role you will be asked to be on the constant lookout for the best talent to bring on board to help us continue to build one of the best companies in the world! 
ScrapedJobID739:
Supports efforts in concept and key-art development Create high-end image compositing, photorealistic retouching, layouts and dynamic compositions Work independently in developing key art, in addition to managing a team Manage a team (that you will build) of three (3) 2D/3D artist Guide the creative standard for our marketing partners and other internal groups Partner with project managers to create a workflow in support and development of key-art assets Stay current on trends, entertainment marketing and bring external insight into your work Senior expertise in digital art and photo Proven record of successfully managing direct reports Advanced knowledge in Maya, 3DS, Zbrush, Marmoset Toolbag, Blender and Photoshop Expert level in layout design, and composition A keen eye for attention to detail and adherence to defined brand guidelines Artistic talent, as it pertains to compositing, character posing, photography, and composition Supportive and collaborative with solid organizational skills and a sense of prioritization Professionalism and composure while working under tight deadlines Ability to articulate your creative vision Ability to deliver quality and creativity within the context of a variety of game genres A portfolio demonstrating previous work is required Completion of provided skills test is required Bilingual (FR/EN) Your CV, your expertise and/or related experience and skills 
ScrapedJobID740:
Participer à la conception, au développement et au déploiement du site internet d'Audiokinetic et du Wwise Launcher. Améliorer les performances des applications. Consolider les tests automatisés. Prendre part au support des systèmes en production. Au moins sept (7) ans d'expérience en développement web. ReactJS n'a plus de secret pour vous. Vous avez de solides connaissances en technologies frontaux (front-end). Joueur.euse d'équipe, vous êtes à l'aise avec les processus de co-création Vous êtes toujours en quête de nouveauté et adorez apprendre des autres. Vous vous exprimez parfaitement à l'oral et à l'écrit en français comme en anglais. Get involved in the conception, development and deployment of the Audiokinetic website and Wwise Launcher. Improve application performances. Strengthen automated tests. Participate in production systems maintenance and support. At least seven (7) years of experience as a web developer. ReactJS no longer has secrets for you. You have strong knowledge of front-end technologies. Great team player, you are comfortable with co-creation processes. Lifelong learner, you are constantly teaching yourself new things and you love learning from others. Excellent written and verbal communication skills in French and English. 
ScrapedJobID741:
Lead and manage website projects including ongoing enhancements and integrations in collaboration with the Marketing and IT teams Provide strategic direction and execution plans to shape the future of Absorb web properties—including absorblms.com and absorbcreate.com—that align to business objectives Stay current with industry best practices to implement technical optimizations related to site performance, SEO, core web vitals compliance, and UI/UX Work closely with third party vendors (including development and hosting) and other teams to oversee and modify site configurations, drive technical site advancement, ensure timely security updates, manage future site updates, and validate their work Provide technical support to respond to technical issues, research and resolve problems Assist in evaluating and testing new marketing tools as they relate to the website and its operation Monitor website stability including uptime, page speed, links, images, and all other associated website UX is working as intended Regularly report on opportunities for continued technical optimization Minimum 10 years working in a website management role, including working with developers Significant experience with Drupal CMS Able to assess the current state of technology and then architect, plan and execute on future state roadmap that leverages Industry best practices Experience driving desired outcomes through third party development partners, including offshore resources Able to work well with various business stakeholders and simplify complex technical situations into easily understood and executable business language Deep familiarity & expertise with technologies such as HTTP, JavaScript libraries, CSS, and Content Management Systems Understanding of web security, vulnerability assessments, penetration testing and mitigation measures In-depth understanding of concepts like SEO, UI/UX, and Google Core web vitals Familiarity with Acquia hosting considered an asset Marketo, Salesforce, Drupal, Acquia This position is eligible for participation in Absorb’s Bonus program as outlined in Absorb’s Bonus Program Policy. RRSP match program. Employer paid benefits: health, dental and vision. Professional development plans. Career progression/internal mobility opportunities. Inclusive work environment. Casual dress code. Volunteering opportunities. Company/team building events. Games room, meditation & yoga space, state of the art workplace. Flexible remote working options for selected roles:
This role allows employee to have a hybrid remote working option (work from home and work from office options). This role allows employee to have a hybrid remote working option (work from home and work from office options). In the event a current Absorb employee would like to apply for this role they will inform their supervisor prior to submitting their application. This position will be subject to pre-employment background screening, including a criminal record check. The successful candidate must be able to show proof of legal eligibility to work in the United States without sponsorship. The successful candidate must be able to temporarily work remotely during the Covid-19 pandemic. Incomplete online applications will not be considered. Applicants will be accepted until a suitable candidate is found. 
ScrapedJobID742:
Travailler avec les concepteurs UI pour décomposer les capacités nécessaires à la réalisation de leur vision Effectuer des recherches indépendantes sur des questions générales relatives au UI afin de fournir des informations et des orientations à l'équipe Créer les systèmes fondamentaux du UI en tenant compte de l'avenir Rédiger du code performant et facile à maintenir pour réaliser les conceptions techniques Définir les normes dont s'inspireront les futurs développeurs UI Fournir des suggestions et des commentaires sur les conceptions de UI afin d'aider à produire le meilleur UI pour les joueurs Work with UI designers to break down the capabilities needed to realize their vision Independently research broad UI questions to provide insight and direction to the team Architect foundational UI systems with an eye towards the future Write maintainable and performant code to realize technical designs Set the standards that future UI developers will learn from Provide suggestions and feedback on UI designs to help produce the best UIs for players Plus de 5 ans d'expérience dans le développement de logiciels Expérience avec le C++ moderne Connaissance des concepts fondamentaux de UI, tels que la mise en page 2D, l'animation et le rendu du texte Familiarité avec plusieurs cadres de UI (jeu, web, application, etc.) Familiarité avec les « shaders », les systèmes de particules et le rendu 3D Capacité à collaborer avec d'autres programmeurs dans une base de code partagée 5+ years of software development experience Experience with modern C++ Knowledge of fundamental UI concepts like 2D layout, animation, and text rendering Familiarity with several UI frameworks (game, web, application, etc.) Familiarity with shaders, particle systems, and 3D rendering Ability to collaborate with other programmers in a shared code base Diplôme en informatique ou expérience équivalente Expérience avec les frameworks déclaratifs de UI comme React Expérience de l'architecture de jeu client/serveur Expérience avec les outils de UI Expérience avec ECS Expérience avec le profilage et l'optimisation Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience Experience with declarative UI frameworks like React Experience with client/server game architecture Experience with UI tooling Experience with Entity Component System Experience with profiling and optimization 
ScrapedJobID743:

ScrapedJobID744:
You acted as the primary contact point for customers regarding all installation, technical training and second/third tier software support. Your excellent work resulted in you owning a “portfolio” of client sites that included some of our largest clients including a Fortune 500 company. Applied a data driven approach to monitoring the health of the software installed at the various customer sites, which resulted in resolving problems before they escalated into larger issues. Furthermore, you championed the creation of an automated health tracking application along with the development team. These initiatives culminated in increasing your team’s productivity by 30% and reduced the number of support tickets by 20%. Provided pre- and post-sales technical assistance to the sales team. You also helped the sales team prepare demo setups of the product and gathered information on customer needs, complaints and requests, using this information to influence the development of the product line. Contributed to the ongoing improvement of Tangam’s online knowledge base and support processes. Helped improve the customer support architecture through automation and web based software tools resulting in 30% improvement in issue resolution time. Coordinated and performed software upgrades of the product with customers and their IT teams. While you performed the upgrades, you also identified all the bottlenecks in the process, and worked with developers to minimize the bottlenecks for a smoother upgrade process. This reduced the down-time during upgrades by 50%. Ensured that the internal team (developers, business analysts) have the right systems environment, client data stores, backups, monitoring, and software tools so they can focus on building great software and advanced analytics. Education. Undergraduate degree in Computer Science / Software Engineering or a related discipline. Troubleshooter extraordinaire. Proficiency with computer networking and troubleshooting (Windows operating system, hardware, etc.). Top notch communicator. Strong interpersonal and communication skills. Must be willing and able to travel internationally up to 15% of working time. Have an eye for detail. Must be highly organized and detail oriented. Previous DBA experience is an asset Available after business hours for critical issues. No criminal record and licensable to work in a highly regulated industry. 
ScrapedJobID745:
Working with the business to determine and streamline inefficiencies by leveraging scripts, programming languages, and/or associated tools Working with respective subject matter experts to establish efficiencies within their workstreams Collaborating with other KM ITS organizations to standardize on development efforts Participating in the development of processes, documentation, and training material Handling multiple assignments, managing priorities, and meeting strict deadlines Acting as an escalation point for their area of expertise

Who You Are Outstanding communicator with client first mentality Team player with an ability to work with multiple stakeholders and departments Committed to continuous professional development and training Innovative and passionate about technology and efficiency

What You Need Experience with automation integration, testing, and deployment methodologies Experience with the following technology
C# .Net 4.6+
Visual Studio 2015, 2017+
ASP.NET MVC, Web API, and REST API
Entity Framework
CSS
JS/JQuery
PowerShell
SQL Server 2012+
Git, Gitlab
Familiarity with Agile and Scrum methodologies
Familiarity with Microsoft Azure / Office 365 C# .Net 4.6+ Visual Studio 2015, 2017+ ASP.NET MVC, Web API, and REST API Entity Framework CSS JS/JQuery PowerShell SQL Server 2012+ Git, Gitlab Familiarity with Agile and Scrum methodologies Familiarity with Microsoft Azure / Office 365 A collaborative, transparent, and engaging culture, working with awesome technology! Competitive salary and performance-based variable compensation Paid Professional Development time Plenty of vacation and personal days Flexible work options Lucrative employee referral program Employee benefits including RRSP matching and WorkPerks (corporate discounts on travel, fitness programs, and shopping!) Vibrant social crew to organize team events, fundraising, and community initiatives Endless opportunities to learn and grow Fully equipped gym facilities Rec room with pool table, foosball, and video games 
ScrapedJobID746:
Project manage Digital Monetization initiatives with a focus on Order Management System (OMS) integration with Bell Media advertising tech stack and feature requests for future optimal state. Work with Business Operations to align OMS stakeholders in Digital Sales, Monetization, Billing, Finance & IT teams and prioritize and maintain system roadmap Liaise with partners in Digital Product & Development to build business requirements and success criteria to maximize revenue around ad innovation and product development Collaborate with Technical Account Management team to schedule quality assurance to ensure monetization requirements are met Work with Digital Sales, Inventory, Revenue Management, Business Operations, and Programmatic teams to define and execute go-to-market strategies Present ad innovation products and processes to Digital Sales Teams. Provide campaign support as needed. Monitor success of product launches by regularly reporting on KPIs and gathering buyer feedback for ongoing product improvements Develop and manage business relationships with various vendors Participate in IAB or other industry committees or events to stay abreast on latest digital trends 3+ years related experience in Ad Operations, Technical Account Management, Programmatic, Project Management, or Product Management preferably within Digital Media industry University degree or equivalent in business administration, technology, or marketing with a strong technical and analytical background Knowledge of digital ad technology: OMS, ad servers (GAM, FreeWheel, Cadent), DSPs, SSPs, and DMPs, Knowledge of IAB ad formats and emerging digital trends Comprehensive understanding of campaign success and reporting metrics including viewability Proactive with demonstrated ability to deliver results in a fast-paced, goal-driven environment Proven ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously without compromising quality Works well independently or with a team Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong organizational skills with attention to detail Proficient with Microsoft Office, PowerPoint, and Excel applications Experience with web tools (Charles, Fiddler, Google Developer Tools), JIRA and Confluence Bilingualism is an asset (English and French) 
ScrapedJobID747:

ScrapedJobID748:
Only applies to full-time positions. Work with team leadership to establish a high functioning live operations framework including platform updates and hotfixes. Partner with development and shared services groups to establish a roadmap for live content delivery. Help QA to define and refine best in class testing protocols for the feature and build release schedule and bug triage process. Drive the completion of operational goals and facilitate communication, organization, process, and accountability. Provide regular project status reporting on deliveries, identifying any potential risks with proposed solutions, and communicate this clearly on a routine basis to team and project stakeholders. Identify and communicate roadblocks and bottlenecks that may prevent the team from achieving their goals. Work to resolve these quickly before they impact the team. Build and maintain schedules to ensure successful and timely delivery of games, features and launches. Work with team leaders and discipline leads to evaluate directional changes, analyze the costs/benefits and impact on title update schedules and outline an appropriate for path live operations. Champion security best practices, processes and features in the vein of maintaining a world class player experience. Take the lead during escalated outages and incidents. Leverage available play testing and validation methods to confirm the vision, experimental goals and usability of the game, and adjust direction or recommend changes as appropriate. Help make informed decisions in conjunction with team leads on work methods, development pipeline, priorities and available resources. Partner with Product Managers and Data Analysts to be informed and monitor test results, content release, feature rollout and in-game events. Work with the engineering team to create and prioritize tools roadmap to help streamline and optimize the Live Ops pipeline. Bachelor’s degree in Production or related field or equivalent work experience. 2+ years of experience in a live operations production role on mobile games. 7+ years in mobile or video game production or project management. Experience orchestrating work across multiple disciplines and partner groups. Demonstrated ability coalescing a wide variety of diverse business needs and player expectations into an actionable roadmap that continually improves key Live KPIs and player experience. Calm and deliberate within a high stress demanding environment. Able to identify/assess risks and strategies to mitigate and escalate as necessary. Extensive technical knowledge of deployment tools and databases. Experience in applying agile practices to game development. Passion for games, especially mobile games. Ability to balance project demands with creative essentials. You demand quality; creativity and fun while still managing project resources and timelines. Understanding of social game mechanics including acquisition, engagement and monetization strategies to deliver high quality products. Experience with producing and releasing mobile games. Good understanding of the mobile/social market. Experience writing SQL queries and distilling complex analysis into actionable insights. Familiarity with cloud services and online game infrastructures. Knowledge of anti-tamper, anti-cheating, and anti-piracy technologies. Company news and events on our LinkedIn Company Blog Employee Feedback on our Comparably page Find videos on our teams and games on our Youtube 
ScrapedJobID749:
Work closely and collaboratively with other teams to develop solutions. Develop custom plugins and templates based on requirements from stakeholders. Use latest technology and tools where needed. Write clean and well-structured code. Ensure that the system works flawlessly Collect and send all marketing data to specific APIs. Provide technical guidance and advice for ongoing development. Ensure safety and integrity of customer data.+ Understand business / system requirements by collaborating with stakeholders for testing, implementation and support. Collaborating with management and the Marketing team to develop new features. Identify issues and fix them promptly so that the other teams can work smoothly. Provide continuous feedback to improve our processes and automate our critical systems, but only where humans have little added value - we want you to use your brain, not just your fingers on a keyboard Using a scooter to get around the office - well yes, why not have fun while being more productive? University Degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering. 6+ years of experience in Wordpress Backend development. Excellent knowledge of PHP. Hands-on experience in developing complex WordPress plugins and/or themes from scratch primarily using PHP. Ideally, should have authored a plugin on Wordpress.org which we can review. Working Knowledge of plugins Like Advanced Custom Fields (ACF), GravityForms, Yoast SEO and WPML. Deep understanding of HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, Javascript and modern Javascript frameworks. Knowledge of Package management tools like NPM and Composer. Familiarity with Git, SVN and possibly other version control systems. Basic understanding of digital marketing attribution and SEO. Experience in third-party API integrations and add-on development. Can provide assistance to junior developers and review their code. Ability to expertly develop and debug performance and caching solutions. Passionate about technology, modern solutions, design, performance and quality. Experience in working on Wordpress projects at Enterprize level. Communication skills with colleagues from the technical and non-technical field. Demonstrate clear understanding of our current system and a self-starter. Excellent written and verbal communication skills Excellent organizational and project management skills Persistent, determined and resourceful. Solution-oriented: There are no problems, only solutions! Ability to perform under pressure and priorities in a fast-paced environment Remote work, flexwork, hybrid work, flextime... whichever context or schedule that allows you to be at your full potential Paid training, we have reinvented ourselves to offer a complete integration / distance training: what you don't know about renovation, we will show you A human-centric company culture (flexible schedule, work/life balance, having fun at work) Unlimited vacation. Yep, when you’re a pro you’re a pro. You should be the best person to determine how many weeks off you need to be at peak performance. It’s all about balance and trusting that the right people will do the right thing. The "enthusiast" zone (yes, what others call "employees", we call "enthusiasts") Virtual activities, teamwork, and support. Even from a safe distance, we are well connected. A company that spoils you: free hot beverages, Vitamin D, filtered water, popcorn, and dark chocolate at the office... and sometimes even at home! At the office: large, modern, and comfortable workstations near windows. Access to a massage chair, a scooter, and a video game console. Free parking. Powerful and up-to-date laptops with headphones and dual screens that you can bring home to be efficient and comfortable while teleworking Virtual activity program (we work hard, but we also have fun) A subsidized cell phone and plan for all employees Entrepreneurial environment where you can make a difference and grow with the company A transparent management approach where your opinion matters Real opportunities for advancement in a successful company The best of both worlds: a 514 number in the 450, near downtown Laval A group benefits program (drug coverage, dental, life, and travel insurance) A wide range of innovative subsidies and HR policies to ensure you are well taken care of! Yes Monday to Friday HTML5: 2 years (required) JavaScript: 2 years (required) Yoast SEO: 2 years (required) PHP: 2 years (required) GravityForms: 2 years (required) APIs: 2 years (required) Wordpress: 6 years (required) English (required) 
ScrapedJobID750:
Camera and projector device interfacing Camera/Projector baseline (geometry) calculation Point cloud generation Point cloud and model fitting Image warp and blend calculation Colour correction and compensation User interfacing Camera and projector device simulation Camera/Projector luminance and resolution analytics 3D object manipulation 3D view controls NVIDIA Jetson platform Degree in Software Engineering, Systems Design Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related discipline Excellent problem solving, spatial reasoning skills Outstanding Object-Oriented programming skills (C/C++ preferred) Experience working with 3D virtual environments or Machine Vision systems Ability to understand multiple coordinate transforms in 2D and 3D space A record of demonstrating initiative and the pursuit of your ideas A strong passion for problem solving and continual design improvements OpenCV, CUDA, OpenGL, NVIDIA Jetson, and Linux experience Analysis and simulation skills Robust, maintainable coding and code commenting IP based networking Hands on experience testing, measuring, and prototyping both hardware and software solutions 
ScrapedJobID751:
Maintain and build on the system and solution architecture of Service oriented Web Applications; Design solutions tailored on customer requirements; Coach and organize Agile methodology based governance; Participate and prepare governance meetings to provide visibility on project plan and milestone achievements; Interact with different organizations (IT, Core Engineering, Methods, …) to ensure seamless integration of the provided solutions; You have a university or (technical) college degree in computer development and/or equivalent experience; You have strong experience of building system and solution architectures; You have a minimum of 5 years of experience in web application development; You have good skills in Java or others procedural / functional programming languages; You have good skills with web frontend technologies (React, Angular, HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript); You have good knowledge of SQL Server; You have good knowledge of Operating Systems (Windows, Linux), virtualization and networking; Experience with PLM (TeamCenter) and ERP (SAP) is an asset; You are organized, a good planner and problem solver; 
ScrapedJobID752:
Work closely with India's product team to build SDKs behind Paytm app Prototype new and redesign features Focus on design, the efficiency of the code and product driven development Work with an elite and focused team of app developers Write unit tests to ensure the code meets the requirements and have minimal latency At least 5+ years of Android development Experience and/or interest in Test Driven Development (TDD) (Unit Testing, UI Testing) Experience with Kotlin is a must. The following is a plus: RxJava (or Coroutines), Dagger, JUnit, Espresso Strong passion for code quality and are not allergic to test cases At least one mobile app you can show off in the interview Solid computer science fundamentals Knowledge of design and development on MVP, MVVM, or MVI models Flexibility to WFH For the third year in a row, we are proud to announce that we have been certified as a Great Place to Work We were also certified as one of the Best Workplaces for Mental Wellness in 2020 We are an open work environment that fosters collaboration, ownership, creativity, and urgency We ensure flexible hours outside of our core working hours Enrolment in the Group Health Benefits plan right from day 1, no waiting period Team building events Fuel for the day: Weekly delivery of groceries, and all types of snacks Catered lunches and desserts on a monthly basis Daily fun in the office with our competitive games of Ping Pong, Pool, Smash Bros competitions, or FIFA And of course, an unlimited amount of freshly made coffee and tea! We’re pretty serious about our coffee beans Online learning through the platform, UDEMY 
ScrapedJobID753:
Design and develop features according to business requirements using EIS platform. Support systems already in production. Work with Business analysts and clients to better understand requirements and business needs. Write automation tests to cover delivered features. Actively participate during Scrum ceremonies: planning, backlog refinement, dailies, retrospective. Work according to the best practices and standards. Onboard newcomers and use internal knowledge sharing platform “EIS Stack overflow” to ask and answer questions. Contribute to the overall team success during all phases of the software development life cycle. Curious to learn, use, extend, internal frameworks and solutions. Growth oriented not only towards yourself but also towards your teammates and company success. Teacher mindset is a definitive plus. Working knowledge of Java Core 15+, Docker Compose, rxJava 2, Spring Core, Spring Boot, Unit testing. Experience working with REST API and knowledge of HTTP protocol. Design patterns: Facade, Command, CQS. Understanding of SQL, NOSQL. (Advantage) Understanding of distributed systems architecture and microservices. (Advantage) Understanding of KAFKA or other messaging solutions. (Advantage) Understanding of Jenkins, Kubernetes, Grafana, ELK or similar. A minimum of 4 years of experience as a Software Developer. Experience with scrum and agile. Global team and global spirit An open, dynamic and informal working environment with game zone, cookies, fruits, ice cream and even more Challenging projects Training, conferences and certification programs Flexible working hours, additional vacations Competitive salary ScrapedJobID754:
Collect, document, and analyze workflows, as well as develop business process models in collaboration with multidisciplinary stakeholders. Facilitate process design sessions to produce detailed process flows and associated documentation. Interview system stakeholders and record results, requirements, and recommendations. Document current and future state business processes, define and document functional requirements, and conduct information flow analysis and process modeling within and across all disciplines and administrative components. Analyze process gaps and information flow obstacles or system issues, and identify opportunities for improvement. Align business processes. Define user needs and business requirements for applications and systems. Translate business needs into high-level technical requirements and solutions. Prepare and present related material to project teams, steering committees, and/or stakeholder organizations. Analyze information to establish recommendations for improvements in system effectiveness and efficiency. 7- 10+ years of experience in formal methods for business analysis requirements gathering, modeling, and diagramming. Broad industry experience in Business Process Re-engineering, including business area analysis, process mapping, and business process re-engineering. Understanding and experience with different software development methodologies, including SCRUM/Agile. Previous experience in insurance or financial services considered an asset. Post-secondary education in Information Management or Information Technology (or equivalent) with industry experience. (or) A bachelor's degree in computer science, computer systems engineering, software engineering, business administration or a related discipline. (or) Completion of a college program in computer science. Someone who shares our core values. Professional Development budget and days Interest-free tech-enablement loans A Career Mentor to support your growth and development RRSP/401K matches Bonus programs Wellness program 
ScrapedJobID755:
Foster relationships with production teams and be their primary contact person. Investigate technical problems encountered by game developers or detected by automated alerts. Assess infrastructure issues + modify servers and network equipment. Improve our tools and methods to detect and prevent incidents. Recommend robust and sustainable solutions + find fixes and develop new features. Guide technical teams throughout product integration (SDKs, APIs, etc.). Train production team members by teaching them how to use our products. Support our shift towards InnerSource by personally contributing or by encouraging our community to contribute to our code database. Create and maintain technical documentation that will serve as a reference. Ensure that the technical solutions developed by production respect our constraints and best practices. Around 1 to 3 years of experience in computer science, programming, front-end development, network infrastructure management, or other relevant experience (experience in online development, a plus) An undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Software Development, or Computer Engineering (or related training) Proficiency with C++ Experience and interest in frontline support, including direct contact with users Knowledge or interest in DevOps principles and methodologies Knowledge of incident management methodologies is considered an asset  A collaborative and creative spirit Innovation that allows you to come up with sustainable, flexible, and stable solutions in an ever-evolving industry Attention to detail, curiosity, critical thinking, resourcefulness, and plenty of flexibility Solid communication and interpersonal skills An ability to manage priorities & balance many projects and different subjects Motivation to help others resolve technical and complex problems Your CV, highlighting your experience, education, and skills 
ScrapedJobID756:
You will manage & execute on marketing campaigns across digital and in-person channels You will assist with the design, creation, and messaging around presentations, newsletters, digital events, and campaigns You’ll manage digital touch points including social media You’ll work in liaison with third-party agencies on digital campaigns including SEO, content, social media, and PR You’ll support the design, creation, and distribution of marketing content Managing digital brand communications and awareness. Report on key marketing metrics on a weekly/monthly/quarterly basis; suggest areas for improvement A Bachelor’s Degree, college diploma, or equivalent experience 1-3 years of experience working in a similar position Background in space or SaaS technology is considered an asset Data-driven mindset, and proficiency with Google Analytics as well as emerging data collection and reporting tools Experience with web analytics, and knowledge of online campaign management and measurement Experience with content writing and design is an asset Proven analytical capability and ability to present data-driven recommendations and results Experience working with Web analytics and reporting tools. Attention to detail and accuracy in reporting. A proactive approach with a drive to continually improve results Proven analytical and organizational skills Ability to work in a fast-paced environment Familiarity with core digital marketing toolset, including WordPress, SquareSpace, Twitter, YouTube, LinkedIn, Google Analytics Proven experience in a marketing role and demonstration of existing campaign execution preferred Understanding of key technologies, including HubSpot, Salesforce, and other revenue suite tools Ability to work under pressure and within a fast-paced team environment Enjoy working in a data-driven environment High energy and high urgency mentality Prior experience in a start-up especially with a software product company You have industry knowledge of satellite imagery and/or APIs (BONUS) Space excites you – A LOT! 
ScrapedJobID757:

ScrapedJobID758:
Identify game defects, test new features, and perform regression Create and execute test scripts for new game features Escalate issues to QA Lead, work with developers and producers to triage issues Develop and extend our test automation suite 2 – 5+ years QA experience Knowledge/familiarity working with social networks (Facebook primarily) Knowledge of QA methodology and tools Proven ability to define components to be tested and assign a relative priority Ability to manage multiple assignments and deliverables at the same time. Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent in relevant field Ability to write quality code in at least one high level language like Java, C, C# etc. Detailed knowledge of Test automation frameworks Experience in using Selenium, Unity or similar automation tools Motivation to improve test coverage and effectiveness Familiarity with game production, preferably with social and/or free-to-play games Ability to understand technical specifications and analyze log files to track down and isolate issues 
ScrapedJobID759:
Exceptional academic results at high school and university Degree qualification in Computer Science or Software Engineering Passion for high quality, usable, fast and reliable software Extensive management experience with multiple reporting teams Confidence in public speaking Exceptional work ethic Ability to travel internationally for company and industry events Successful startup experience preferred Public company experience preferred Open source experience strongly preferred 
ScrapedJobID760:
Build, mentor, and manage a team of web developers (back-end, front-end, and integrators) Manage projects tha range in size and scope but are extremely strategic to the business Lead the support team, which handles bugs and support requests Communicate with internal clients about progress, deadlines, and roadblocks Perform daily follow up on ongoing tasks, removing roadblocks as needed Determine and implement best practices regarding development, and align yourself with other development departments Motivate the web development team and ensure it's working at maximum efficiency Conduct all task management activities in JIRA Determine and enforce the web development lifecycle workflows (code reviews, QA, go-live process, release notes, documentation) Cultivate operational excellence through metrics and continuous learning Strong technical ability in web development using mostly Microsoft Stack Proven leadership and management abilities to lead to greatness Bachelor's degree in a computer science field is required, as well as 6-9 years of relevant experience. A positive, can-do attitude and the energy to get it done, even when the situation is hard Unwavering attention to detail with an acute awareness that everything counts Proven demonstration of effective problem solving Strong knowledge of how to have efficient workflow for web development Knowledge of CMS; knowledge of Kentico a big plus Excellent written and verbal communication skills Customer-oriented, with a desire to offer a great customer service Ability to effectively coordinate multiple tasks of varying complexities and meet deadlines Strong experience using JIRA Strong, dedicated work ethic TEC provides a unique and advantageous RRSP program: invest in TEC where you can make a difference! TEC offers group insurance for employees Free snacks: we regularly have fresh fruit, bagels, and donuts Monthly 5@7 and other impromptu gatherings Free coffee and tea Gym on premises Free parking or we pay your public transit pass Flexible hours Accessible management: open-door policy 
ScrapedJobID761:
Participates in requirement gathering, solution design and presentation Participates and may lead development of written design specifications for projects and products, as well as review design specifications written by others. Provides accurate estimates for design specifications, and is accountable for these estimates. Produces maintainable, reusable and PCI complaint code with unit tests, and participates in code reviews as guided by the Manager, Development. Works with customer service and project management teams to provide engineering support to T2’s production issues. Collaborates with other development teams for designing and documenting integration APIs. Provides technical support to other staff. Provides recommendations on architectural direction, product direction and development tools. Mentors junior developers Champion for coding best practices and responsible for guiding and helping development team follow standards Supports corporate goals and objectives and pro-actively addresses issues as appropriate. Continually evaluates departmental processes and external tools and technologies for improvement opportunities specifically for the department and for T2 products in general. Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science/Engineering or related field 6+ years of professional experience developing services with Java Working knowledge of version control using Git Familiarity with secure coding practices, OWASP Top 10 and CWE Top 25 Ability to work on or lead multiple projects at once Ability to convert Product Requirements into High Level Designs and present Ability to coach and mentor developers Strong knowledge of micro-service architecture Strong knowledge and experience using the following:
Java 8+
Frameworks: Spring, Hibernate, JUnit
Apache Kafka
REST API design
MySQL, MongoDB
Swagger – API Documentation Java 8+ Frameworks: Spring, Hibernate, JUnit Apache Kafka REST API design MySQL, MongoDB Swagger – API Documentation Experience with following are an asset
Flyway scripts
SonarQube
Docker Container
Keycloak Auth
Postman
Jenkins - Build Flyway scripts SonarQube Docker Container Keycloak Auth Postman Jenkins - Build Experience in Agile Development such as SCRUM is desired Experience with Payment Integrations is desired Experience in Parking industry is an asset Health & Wellness: We offer competitive medical, dental, and vision coverage, health spending accounts, and health and wellness education sessions. Because your well-being is important to us. Retirement Plans: As a forward-thinking company, we see the value in planning for the future. So we help you plan for yours with 401(k) (US) and RRSP (Canada) plans with employer match. Work-Life Balance: We understand that burnout is real and that work-life balance is important. Which is why we offer 3 weeks paid vacation upon starting, as well as flexibility to work remotely. Events & Activities: Part of having a good work-life balance is having fun, which we love to do! Whether it’s a party, a potluck, or a game of ping pong or foosball, we know how to have a good time. Snacks & Drinks: Working smart works up an appetite, and we’ve got you covered. Our offices are fully stocked with snacks, fresh fruit, coffee, tea, soda, and beer on tap. Open Communication: In addition to having regular “state of the company” updates, our leadership team’s doors are always open – including our CEO – because winning as a team starts at the top. Amazing people to work with! 
ScrapedJobID762:
Central liaison between all project stakeholders including Executive Board, Project and Program Managers, Workflow Architects, Product Owners and R&D developers Meetings - Collating agendas, confirming stakeholder group representation, RAID log minuting and following up action points Assisting in the creation of documentation such as project overviews and technical solution documentation Maintaining project plans and managing ticketing within JIRA Collating and publishing project status reports and escalating issues where necessary Review and approval of project team timesheets and show access requests With experience, standing in as proxy for project managers in meetings and executing other duties Foundational knowledge of project management methodologies, especially Agile Project coordination – proven ability in coordinating projects from concept to completion, prioritising appropriately to meet changing requirements and deadlines. Organisation – demonstrated organisational skills, including a strong attention to detail. Familiarity with a scheduling and ticketing platform, preferably JIRA Excellent teamwork – ability to bring together various areas of the business to work effectively and collaboratively Strong written & verbal communication Certification in a project management methodology, especially Agile Practical experience of Agile ceremonies and artifacts Experience as a Project Coordinator in a technical environment, especially working in a Software Development Life Cycle Basic production knowledge or experience in either VFX, TV, Animation, Games or similar. Strong problem solving skills Conflict resolution and negotiation skills Experience working with teams and stakeholders spread across multiple locations 
ScrapedJobID763:
Collaborate with game designers and across disciplines to translate concepts into specific playable levels, including layout, modeling, gameplay, event scription, and balance and tuning of levels. Fleshes out level / environment architectural details and works with artists for textures and details to establish levels' final appearances. Provide feedback on and contribute to the direction of user-facing level creation tools including but not limited to the User Interface, Models, Textures, and VFX options available. Deliver and ensure that the quality and performance of all created levels is maintained throughout production and bug Ensure all tools and features are working as intended and coordinate with the QA team to report bugs and reproduction steps. Utilize provided toolset and operate on the outlined processes for handling working files, implementing levels, vettingcheck-ins, etc. Document tools and processes used to create level content. Work with LiveOps team and provide input to community engagement opportunities. Collaborate with Manager on short and mid-term objects of project milestones and deadlines. Performs research for levels and provide additional support as needed in replicating real-world environments. Contribute to the studio's growing philosophy of game design and how we make The ability to demonstrate outstanding level creation skills. Industry experience and knowledge of the video game development process. A collaborative mindset with the ability to welcome and consider all forms of feedback. Strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to work across disciplines. Self-motivated individual with a willingness to research and learn the subject of assigned games. Experience creating content in The Golf Club or PGA TOUR 2K series. Experience as a level creator on racing or action-sport games. Experience with the Unity game engine. Experience with collaborative documentation, and planning and source control tools. 
ScrapedJobID764:

ScrapedJobID765:
Create and communicate technical vision for mobile strategy Understand business requirements, translate them into designs and create proof-of-concept prototype Provide technical guidance to teams developing end-to-end solutions for mobile & responsive web applications Ensure overall integrity of the software design and architecture Apply mobile application standards and methodologies Be the go-to expert on mobile technology trends and best practices Recommend and implement practices to improve consistency, quality and development efficiency A strong leader with the ability to set a technical vision Experienced in leading projects from ground up Possess a broad detailed knowledge of mobile technologies and industry trends Excited by the challenges that come with a rapidly growing and scaling company, and have thrived in this kind of environment Not afraid to stretch yourself outside of your comfort zone to take on new challenges, and have a love for continuous learning 5+ years of experience as a developer with 2+ years focus in Mobile development (React Native, Flutter, iOS, Android) Experience with Infrastructure As Code and CICD pipelines Experience with Design Systems (reusable UI components and UX patterns) Excellent communications skills Backend: Node.js, GraphQL, Postgres, DynamoDB, Redis, AWS, Lambda, Django, Ruby on Rails Game: HTML5, Canvas, WebGL, Phaser, Pixi, Typescript Frontend: React, React Native, ES6 
ScrapedJobID766:
Develop, publish and maintain Unity packages as individual component modules Design and extend gameplay-focused modules, APIs, and custom Unity Editor UI systems used by developers and designers during the design process for multiple types of experiences Improve the architecture of existing systems and craft the architecture of new gameplay systems Document and test your code and related systems used by game developers daily Collaborate with an international development team Fluent in C# Experience building and launching a mobile, console, or desktop game using Unity Experience extending the Unity Editor Experience with network programming Solid understanding of real-time 3D technology and 3D maths Experience crafting one or more plugins for Unity and have published them through the Asset Store Experience with multithreaded Unity Jobs / Burst / ECS systems Built custom tools within Unity for use by a game dev team during production 
ScrapedJobID767:
Design and deliver engaging training using various training modalities including, but not limited to: online, video and via other broad reach vehicles firmly grounded in adult learning principles Be the champion for accessibility (AODA) and course consistency Proficiently use authoring tools like Articulate Storyline and Rise to build eLearning courses Be a Subject Matter Expert for all things eLearning, including instructional design and adult learning theory Create, manage, and deliver engaging training across multiple mediums and tailor material to suit varied learning styles Utilize your strong technical and creative writing skills to engage course participants Integrate adult learning best practices and thought leadership into eLearning courses Develop high quality eLearning courses on time and align content with an overall learning outcomes strategy Address changes and feedback to course deliverables in a timely manner Evaluate training outcomes Develop learning deliverables in various engaging formats (e.g., courses, games, videos, quizzes, and etc.) Experience with modern LMS (Docebo experience an asset) Advanced skills in Articulate Storyline 360 & Rise Experience in animation programs (e.g. Vyond) an asset Experience with audio and video editing software (e.g. Camtasia) 3+ years training design experience creating blended learning solutions both instructor-led and self-paced training 3+ years process management for the training development lifecycle, from initial design through delivery and implementation (ADDIE model) 2+ years experience with instructional design experience preferred Certificate or degree in training, instructional design, learning technologies, or related field an asset Demonstrated experience with usability principles an asset Graphic design experience with the following Adobe products: Indesign, Illustrator, PhotoShop an asset Experience in audio/narration editing an asset Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, constantly changing environment; Highly capable of dealing with ambiguity, and undefined processes, while proactively and collaboratively working to enhance workflow and ways of doing things. 
ScrapedJobID768:
Travailler en collaboration avec nos équipes de produits et développement pour développer des logiciels attrayants, agréables et modulaires qui seront utilisés par les équipes de développement de jeux; Travailler étroitement avec les autres architectes pour partager les meilleures pratiques, les technologies et les évolutions de l’industrie; Être responsable de l’ensemble des décisions architecturales de nos systèmes backend; Discuter avec les autres architectes, Scrum Masters et programmeurs, du développement et des solutions nécessaires au projet à l’occasion de rencontres régulières; Collaborer avec une équipe pluridisciplinaire pour trouver les meilleures solutions en utilisant une grande variété de technologies, de systèmes et de services; Apporter un appui technique en révisant les designs techniques, les processus et les codes ainsi qu’effectuer les validations pour assurer un haut niveau d’optimisation; Mentorer et motiver les programmeurs à développer leurs compétences techniques; Anticiper et évaluer les urgences et problèmes intervenants et proposer des solutions; En tant que membre de l’équipe de développement Scrum, participer et contribuer au développement du produit lorsque requis; Chercher et implémenter des solutions répondant à différents critères, tels que : assistance et maintenance à long-terme, performance, extensibilité et évolutivité, normes et meilleurs pratiques de l’industrie, utilisation multiplateformes (consoles, mobile, PC). Une passion et une vision de l’industrie des jeux mobiles et F2P; Vaste expérience dans la programmation et le leadership technique dans systèmes backend hautement concurrentiels; Un désir d’apprendre et de partager les connaissances afin de pousser les limites technologiques ainsi que d’encourager ses collègues à développer leurs compétences; Solide expérience en tant que Développeur·se Backend dans un environnement Agile en travaillant avec des Product Owners, diverses parties-prenantes et autres développeurs; Expérience dans le développement de logiciels à l’aide de Java; Une passion pour l’approche collaborative lors de la résolution de problèmes et la livraison de solutions viables dans des délais serrés; Avoir fourni des expériences-clients dépassant leurs attentes sur des livrables de qualité; Capacité d’organisation excellente, méticuleux·se, autonome et pragmatique; Une forte éthique de travail ainsi qu’une capacité à proactivement prendre les responsabilités dans un environnement innovant et dynamique; Maturité et attitude professionnelle, à l’aise dans l’apprentissage continu; Solides connaissances en stratégies d'intégration et de déploiement continus; Solides connaissances en concepts de qualité tels que les tests unitaires, les tests de régression et TDD; Solides connaissances en performance backend, efficience, optimisation de code et enjeux de sécurité; Solides connaissances en campagnes test et les outils associés; Solides connaissances en systèmes distribués, protocoles de réseau et l’architecture de microservices; Expérience à conceptualiser ainsi qu’à travailler avec des API REST et connaissance d’OpenAPI; Expérience avec des fournisseurs infonuagiques tels que AWS, GCP ou Azure; Expérience avec des applications conteneurisées telles que Kubernetes, ECS ou Fargate; Expérience avec Docker; Expérience avec l’environnement et les outils Linux. Expérience avec la plateforme Google Cloud; Expérience avec le développement de divers outils tels que Perforce, Git, Visual Studio, Eclipse ou Unity; Expérience avec JIRA ou tout autre outil de gestion du backlog. Work collaboratively with our cross-functional product and development teams to set up a complete ecosystem of software and tools and define the long-term technology vision and roadmap of our backend systems; Work closely with other architects in different domains to discuss technologies, align practices, and stay current with industry advances and standards; Be accountable for overall architectural decisions of our backend systems; Meet regularly with other architects, scrum masters, and programmers to discuss progress and help resolve obstacles along the way; Collaborate with a multi-disciplinary team to find the best solutions using a wide variety of technologies, systems, and services; Provide technical oversight by reviewing technical designs, processes, and code and perform validations to ensure high level of optimizations; Mentor and motivate programmers to develop their technical skills; Anticipate and assess complex and urgent issues and propose solutions; Participate as a member of a Scrum development team and contribute to product development when needed; Find and implement solutions having in mind requirements such as: support and long-term maintenance, performance, extensibility, and scalability, industry standards and best practices, cross platform usability (consoles, mobile devices, PC). Passion for mobile games and a vision of the mobile game industry and F2P; Extensive programming and technical leadership experience on highly concurrent backend systems; A desire to learn and share knowledge to push the boundaries of technology & help others improve their skills; Solid experience as a back-end developer in an Agile environment, working with product owners, stakeholders, and developers; Experience developing software using a Java technology stack; A passion for a collaborative approach to problem solving and delivering workable solutions within quick turnaround times; Record of accomplishment of delivering quality experiences that meet or exceed customer expectations; Excellent organization skills, being meticulous, self-managing, and pragmatic; A strong work ethic and ability to proactively take ownership in an innovative and fast-paced environment; Maturity and a professional attitude, comfortable with continuous improvement; Expert knowledge in continuous integration and continuous deployment strategies; Expert knowledge in quality concepts such as unit testing, regression testing, and test-driven development; Expert knowledge in backend performance, efficiency, code optimization, and security issues; Experience with load testing and associated tools; Expert knowledge in distributed systems, network protocols and microservice based architectures; Experience working with and designing REST APIs and OpenAPI knowledge; Experience working with cloud providers such as AWS, GCP, or Azure; Experience working in containerized applications such as Kubernetes, ECS, or Fargate; Experience working with Docker; Experience working with Linux environment and tools. Experience working with Google Cloud Platform; Experience working with Various development tools such as Perforce, Git, Visual Studio, Eclipse, or Unity; Experience working with JIRA or another backlog management tool; Experience working with Unity programming. 
ScrapedJobID769:
Build, configure and implement scalable test automation systems for maintaining quality assurance standard methodologies and responsible for creating system test architecture. Build quality by ensuring proper test and code coverage, configuration quality, monitoring, and early performance testing. Define testing methodologies to tackle some of the unique challenges in automated testing of volumetric rendering and distribution. Work closely with the other developers to perform test analysis and help prevent functional or performance regressions across the pipeline. Chip in on tooling and analysis of performance and stability testing by integrating and adapting existing Unity test systems. Experience with scripting software automation testing products, such as: Unity Test Framework, Selenium, Mocha etc. Experience with test driven development, behaviour driven development and acceptance test driven development. Extensive knowledge of cloud technologies, including the testing of REST services, databases, etc Strong experience with Agile development and CI/CD, using tools such as: GitHub, BitBucket, Jenkins, Travis and JIRA Experience with developing automated test frameworks, performance-focused testing and analysis. Experience with C#, Unity's 3D engine and related tools. Experience with Docker, Kubernetes, Microservices, DeltaDNA, REST, JSON Experience working in a distributed team environment 
ScrapedJobID770:
Join a growing multidisciplinary team of developers contributing to improve our Unity platform Participate in exciting internal or external project evaluations with a focus on performance and quality Improve customer success by honing, architecting and developing new technologies based on real cases experiences Build up relationships with Unity's various R&D teams and capture domain specific skills Provide fierce feedback Unity's future technologies Game developer industry standard skill set that can plan tasks efficiently, develop as well as profile, debug and optimize code in multi-platform environments (Unity experience being a plus). Strong programming skills in C# (or C++). Experience with or ability to learn C# is a requirement Experience in shipping multiple games or other real-time interactive applications, including a proven understanding of software development lifecycles Great communication skills with ability to work in a multi-disciplinary team as well as write technical reports Comfortable with taking ownership on domains outside of expertise and work autonomously Extensive experience in a specific domain like 3D graphics, AR/VR, animation or core programming is a plus Experience in multithreaded programming Cutting edge proficiency of the C# standard and its ecosystem 
ScrapedJobID771:
Assess current business infrastructure and develop migration roadmap for the cloud. Work closely with IT teams to integrate existing structures into cloud-based systems. Make recommendation to optimize business processes and applications with public, private and hybrid cloud infrastructure. Work closely with the Enterprise Cloud Architect to define high level design cloud solution. Support preliminary cost assessment and business case for moving workloads to cloud. Develop Low Level Design Architecture documents jointly with Enterprise Cloud Architect Translate Architectural requirements and deploy, administer & operate scalable, Highly Available and Fault Tolerant systems which includes the compute, data, security and network requirements. Apply DevOps and continuous integration / continuous deployment best practices to allow speed and fast scaling of the cloud business. Provision cloud services with high level of automation for reuse and scalability. Manage configuration of cloud workload if required. Monitor cloud workload efficiency and adjust solution design to optimize performance, stability and cost without compromising security. Ensure security of the data in the cloud and implement best practices throughout the process Communicate progress to Enterprise Cloud Architect and work closely with IT teams to integrate existing structures into cloud-based systems. You have Bachelor's degree in computer science or information technology. You have 10 years of software development experience, working with a variety of programming languages such as .Net, Java, Node.JS, C++, and Python. You have min 5 years’ experience in Azure cloud migration and operational management, tools and frameworks You have experience of multiple projects deployed with container technologies (Docker, Kubernetes) You have 3-5 years of Azure Solution Architecture and Development You have 2-3 years of DevOps Implementation and Operations You have At least two Microsoft Azure certification from the list below (equivalent certification on AWS would be considered)
Microsoft Certified: Azure Developer
Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator,
Microsoft Certified: Azure Solution Architect,
Microsoft Certified: DevOps Engineer Expert,
Microsoft Certified: Azure Security Engineer Microsoft Certified: Azure Developer Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator, Microsoft Certified: Azure Solution Architect, Microsoft Certified: DevOps Engineer Expert, Microsoft Certified: Azure Security Engineer You have sound knowledge of various Azure services including Express Route, VPN Gateways, Azure Firewall, API Manager, Application Gateway, Load balancer, AD, Logic Apps, Azure Monitor and App insights. You have sound knowledge on cloud deployment model - IaaS, PaaS and SaaS as well as hybrid cloud. You must have experience gathering requirements, analysis and documentation You have experience with AIX, Linux and Wintel workload migration to cloud You have experience deploying infrastructure as code and highly automated cloud provisioning environment (Terraform, Azure Resource Manager, Puppet, Chef) You have experience of at least 20 projects (workload) deployed and supported on a public cloud You have good understanding of cloud security principles You have experience delivering project following Agile methodology / Scrum You have ITIL 3 or ITIL 4 certification You must have experience with handling customer and other third-party vendors effectively. You must have problem solving ability to provide solutions to complex and new business problems. You have the ability to generate innovative ideas and apply them in implementing solutions. You must be flexible and adaptable towards changing organizational needs. You must excellent communication and inter-personal skills 
ScrapedJobID772:
Partner with your team lead to plan short-term priorities and long-term goals. Collaborate with designers to define user interfaces. Participate in prototyping to explore visualization opportunities. Develop new and maintain existing frameworks for 3D rendering and front-end data visualization; writing reliable, scalable, and secure code. Synchronize with your team to discuss work-in-progress and blockers; brainstorm ideas; overcome issues; etc. Come up with solutions to enhance visual quality and performance + improve current graphical features and propose the development of new ones. Stay up to date on technological advancements to help develop our best practices. An undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent Around 2 years of programming experience Knowledge of GPUs, OpenGL, and WebGL Advanced mathematical capabilities Proficiency with JavaScript* A highly collaborative and innovative spirit Solid communication and interpersonal skills A long-term approach to problem-solving Attention to detail Motivation to make complex information accessible and understandable to all Understanding of Typescript, C, C++, and WebAssembly, a huge plus Your CV, highlighting your experience, education, and skills provide real-time visibility on how Ubisoft titles are played; and an understanding of the habits and preferences of the people playing them. 
ScrapedJobID773:
Ontario St, Toronto, ON, Canada Employees can work remotely Full-time Department: Code Location: Canada / Toronto Project: Undisclosed IP Developing and maintaining the tools and systems necessary to implement gameplay features Prototyping new gameplay features Coding for complex gameplay mechanics Coding for level layout, event scripting, balancing, pacing, and tuning Testing, debugging, profiling, and optimizing implementations Actively attending code review At least 5+ years of experience in the production of games for consoles and PC Shipped title experience A keen sense of what makes gameplay systems fun Ability to work well in a fluid, changing environment as creative challenges evolve Ability to work with game developers from all disciplines Strong skills in C/C++ Familiarity with AI, physics, animation, and gameplay code in general Knowledge of any project management and bug tracking software (like JIRA) Ability to write solid, reliable, efficient code Being able to work efficiently under tight deadlines Strong verbal and written communication skills in English Open-minded team player attitude Strong work ethic and self-motivated Passionate about playing and making video games A competitive salary and performance-based bonuses Personal development opportunities and the possibility to work in a multicultural environment Work in a creative team with people full of passion for what they do Private health care & gym card Business trips and integration events Comprehensive assistance in relocation Fresh fruits, snacks, and beverages for everyone in the office Free library with a wide range of games and books In-company English language classes and Polish lessons for foreigners An informal atmosphere, no dress code, no unwanted formalities 
ScrapedJobID774:

ScrapedJobID775:
Work as a technical liaison with development teams to address build issues and improvements Develop and maintain automation pipelines Develop robust workflows to deploy changes in a live product environment Monitor automation systems and proactively respond to breakages Create and monitor metrics to improve automation systems Manage virtual infrastructure, including deploying and monitoring VMs Maintain the product backlog including tasks and their priorities 3+ years of experience or education in software development, or related discipline Excellent troubleshooting and debugging abilities Experience designing and creating automation jobs in CI systems (e.g. Jenkins, TeamCity) Experience with scripting languages (e.g. Powershell, Batch, Python) Strong knowledge in source-control administration and good practices (e.g. Perforce, Git) Experience making PKGs for First Party Platforms Creative, curious, and motivated to grow your technical abilities Ability to communicate and discuss technical topics with both technical and business audiences Excellent documentation skills Strong sense of initiative and ownership Willingness to work in Toronto is preferred, but remote opportunities are available Experience with OO languages (e.g. Java, C++, C#) Experience deploying and maintaining virtual infrastructure (e.g. Virtual Machines) Experience with game engines and the particularities of game development Experience with Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery Experience with monitoring tools (e.g. ZABBIX) Experience with infrastructure automation tools (e.g. Chef, Ansible, Puppet) Experience with secrets management tools (e.g. Hashicorp Vault) Experience with metrics gathering and visualization tools (e.g. Splunk, Elastic Search, Kibana) Experience with container orchestration and management tools (e.g Docker, Kubernetes) Bonus Structure 4.5 weeks paid vacation Relocation assistance Flexible schedule Weekly happy hour Healthcare & benefits 
ScrapedJobID776:
Design and implement tailored tools and systems on a particularly large spectrum, from game engines to game editors or any middleware used in production. Program in a clear and structured manner in keeping with performance, scalability, and maintenance requirements. Support the production teams by ensuring that their tools and systems are stable and effective + help guide integration. Debug and optimize already existing systems + create and run advanced tests. Participate in code reviews and discussions to evolve solutions and improve workflows. Work closely with other service teams (like Harbour, our online solutions team) to exchange information and learnings (related to middleware, architecture, design, automated testing, documentation, etc.). Stay up to date on technological advancements and industry standards to define our best practices (notably in terms of CI/CD pipelines and InnerSource projects.). Write and maintain documentation that will serve as a company-wide reference. Proficiency in various programming languages, especially C++ and C# The ability to design maintainable, well-optimized, easy-to-integrate code Knowledge of game engines and their limitations 3D math, optimization, and debugging skills A degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering (or related training) Effective communication to interact with all disciplines Plenty of flexibility to adapt to shifting priorities, requirements, and tech (engines, consoles, operating systems – you name it) Innovation that drives you to explore and bring about new ways of doing things Your CV, highlighting your background and skills 
ScrapedJobID777:
Support the Vulnerability Management function, working with the internal team and coordinating with managed service providers to ensure a comprehensive vulnerability management program Support the governance and oversight of the vulnerability management program, ensuring vulnerabilities are detected, measured, and reported on a regular basis. Develop the vulnerability management program to ensure visibility and awareness of threats, vulnerabilities and risks in relation to Bombardier’s IT systems internally and externally, and additionally related to Bombardier’s interactions with suppliers and vendors and related IT systems. Develop key performance indicators and reporting metrics, ensuring visibility and awareness of vulnerabilities with Bombardier’s internal and external IT systems. Provide technical consultation, guidance, training, and assistance to developers, management, application and database owners, and users in reference to security policy and standards, remediation, regression testing, and system architectures recommendations. Perform analysis of cyber security vulnerability, threats and incident trends to understand root causes and propose counter measures that mitigate risk and improve security and business processes. Identify and track completeness of inventory and currency systems and ensure execution of plans to reduce technical debt and legacy systems. You have bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Information Science or relevant field of study. CISSP, CISA, CISM and other security certifications preferred. You have 5+ years hands-on experience in cyber security roles such as vulnerability management, threat intelligence or incident response. You have solid knowledge of common attack methods and their detection techniques. You have solid knowledge of network traffic analysis, related tools. You are familiarity with malware analysis concepts and ability to perform basic static and dynamic analysis. Skilled with vulnerability assessment tools, correlation rules, and managing dashboards. 
ScrapedJobID778:

ScrapedJobID779:

ScrapedJobID780:
Agir à titre de coach auprès de son équipe; Responsable de l'attribution et de la livraison du sprint et des milestones; Participer au développement des méthodes de travail (méthodologies, outils et technologies); Garantir la performance de son équipe; Participer à l’architecture conceptuelle et la réalisation du produit; Participer à définir les exigences techniques clés pour répondre aux besoins du client; Estimer les temps de travail avec les membres de l’équipe de développement; Responsable de la livraison à temps du sprint / milestone; Communication / synchronisation avec les autres chefs de service sur le projet; Effectuer un contrôle qualité sur le travail effectué; Accueillir et intégrer les nouveaux employés; 50% de gestion - 50% de code (variable par projet et équipe). Act as a coach with his team; Responsible for assignation and delivery of sprint and milestone; Participate in the development of working methods (methodologies, tools and technologies); Guarantee the performance of his team ; Participate in the conceptual architecture and the realization of games Participate in defining key technical requirements to meet customer needs; Estimate working times with members of the development team; Responsible for on time delivery of sprint / milestone; Communication / synchronisation with other department leads on the project; Perform quality control on the work performed; Welcome and integrate new employees; 50% management - 50% Code (variable per project and team). Expérience de travail en développement web; Expérience dans un environnement multi-projets; Plus de 5 ans d'expérience en équipe technique et en gestion de programmation; Maîtrise de Drupal, PHP; Expérience avec tout autres environnement de développement (atout); Le bilinguisme (français et anglais) est un atout. Work experience in web development; Experience in a multi-project environment; More than 5 years experience in technical team and programming management; Mastery of Drupal, PHP; Experience with any other development environment (asset); Bilingualism (French and English) is an asset. Salaire compétitif ; Assurances collectives offrant une couverture pour un large éventail de soins de santé, les soins dentaires, l’assurance salaire courte et longue durée et une assurance voyage ; REER collectif avec contribution avantageuse de l’employeur ; Stationnement gratuit ; Horaire régulier de 37,5 heures par semaine ; Projets originaux et variés ; Collations santé offertes gratuitement tous les jours ; Réel impact sur les projets ; Accès à ton propre espace personnalisé au cœur d’un espace ouvert, lumineux et branché ; Des clients d’envergure internationale dans les domaines du jouet et du divertissement ; Travailler avec des gens compétents et talentueux ; Une culture du jeu très forte ; Des activités sociales et beaucoup de plaisir ! Competitive salary; Group insurance offering health, disability and dental coverage and travel coverage; RRSP program including an employer contribution; Free parking; Schedule of 37,5 hours per week; Work on original and various projects; Free healthy snacks offered every day; Real impact on your projects; Own personalized space in our bright, comfortable and trendy open environment; Top international clients in the toys and entertainment business. Does Hasbro, Disney, Cartoon Network, Warner Brothers ring a bell? Work with talented and competent people; Strong gaming culture; Social events and a lot of fun! 
ScrapedJobID781:
Develop and champion product vision to all stakeholders Write product requirements and work with User Experience, Engineering, Project Management and QA functions to implement them Identify KPIs, build dashboards and analyze data to understand user behaviors Conduct User Research to inform new features and improved user experiences. Provide continual direction to development teams, ensuring clear momentum across projects Regularly use and analyze industry products to inform opportunities and decision making Regularly communicate product plans and outcomes to leadership and key stakeholders Work with the Product Management leadership team to shape product strategy and translate into actionable short and long-term road maps. 3+ Years' of experience as a Product Manager in technology organizations Preferred background in Science and/or Engineering Preferred experience in all stages of Product Experimentation including test design, test execution, data analysis, interpretation and action Experience working with Engineering teams using Agile/Scrum methodologies & other common engineering best practices Excellent written and verbal communication, as well as collaborative skills Self-driven, motivated and ability to drive objectives forward and see projects and initiatives through to completion Ability to work well under pressure and time constraints to meet deadlines Easily transition between technical and non-technical audiences 
ScrapedJobID782:
4+ years of experience as a senior level developer 3+ years of hands-on programming experience in a strongly typed, compiled language such as C++, C#, or Java. 4+ years of experience building interactive UI-based applications Experience building data-bound user interfaces on desktop or mobile Familiarity with modern version control systems like Git Enthusiasm for optimizing code for the best possible performance Agile methodology experience Amateur photographer / fan of photography / photos enthusiast 
ScrapedJobID783:
Collaborate with the production team to understand the overall game vision & design documentation. Partner with project managers to help plan tasks and milestones + create the quality control calendar. Oversee your development testing team test their features (e.g. mission, AI, audio, UI, engine, online, etc.) & build their test plans. Regularly meet with your team to follow up on test plans, provide feedback and coaching, discuss progress, tackle setbacks, coordinate bug correction, flag risks, set benchmarks, etc. Adapt to technical and production constraints, updating the quality control calendar when and as often as needed. Put together and evaluate post-mortems to continuously improve our efforts. Carry out the annual evaluations of your development testers. Stay up to date on testing best practices, strategies, and techniques to keep up with the industry + develop your skills and refresh your knowledge. Participate in recruitment to build your development testing team & foster their long-term growth. A college diploma in a video game-related program or equivalent training At least 2 years of leadership experience in quality control or quality assurance, or related experience (project management an asset) Knowledge of bug tracking software (e.g. Jira), test creation software (e.g. TestRail), and game engines (e.g. Unity or Unreal) & their limitations Solid understanding of test principles & methodologies and basic programming A highly innovative, empathetic, and collaborative spirit Exceptional problem-solving, organizational, communication, mentorship, and interpersonal skills Critical thinking, attention to detail, curiosity, resourcefulness, and plenty of flexibility A solid understanding of the market & a (fiery) passion for video games Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, skills, and any games shipped 
ScrapedJobID784:
Partner with product and publishing teams in the creation, tracking and exploration of KPIs that monitor the performance of supported projects. Use a hypothesis-driven approach to design and construct exploratory analysis. Develop dashboards and visualizations to track these core Indicators across a variety of games and products. Own data acquisition and reporting pipelines. Work with the Data Engineering team to develop ETL solutions and ensure data integrity. Support remote game teams with reporting and data validation. Develop complex SQL queries to ask questions of large/complex datasets. Partner with the Marketing, Publishing, Development, Legal, and Finance teams. 4+ years performing analysis, providing insights and constructing visualizations. Game analytics experience, mobile app development or related consumer product experience. B.S. or M.S. in Economics, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, or similar. Experience performing root-cause analysis on all data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement. Experience performing A/B testing. Experience communicating complex quantitative concepts and solutions to stakeholders and partners Advanced SQL skills. Expertise in data visualization/BI tools (MixPanel, Google Data Studio, Tableau, etc). Able to partner with cross-functional (product, marketing, development) teams to understand their needs and priorities with multiple perspectives to guide product performance improvement. Solid communication skills with the ability to interact at all levels of management. 
ScrapedJobID785:
Design, build and maintain efficient and reusable code Ensure high quality performance and responsiveness across all solutions Maintain code quality, organization automation within solutions Participate in all levels of development Aid and assist other developers Consistent communication with other levels of organization 5+ years of experience in web development and technology Object-oriented programming abilities Front end programming experience (JavaScript, HTML5 and CSS3) Familiarity and experience with continuous integration Experience with implementing of automated testing platforms 
ScrapedJobID786:
Manage the team that creates the digital collectibles and provide a reliable delivery pace with transparency, predictability and flexibility. Be responsible for the quality of the assets created, coordinating between internal and external stakeholders. Set the course for the team's growth and provide opportunities for growth and development of team members. Experience in team coordination/management. Experience running a Live Ops team on a game or live product. 
ScrapedJobID787:
Lead projects or teams, and providing advisory services on technological issues affecting the development, implementation, integration or maintenance of IT applications; Establish (or Update) a Definition of Done with appropriate SDLC processes and procedures as required, leveraging Azure DevOps; Seek out new ideas, identify trends, and explore new technologies to achieve our development needs; Mentors SCRUM developers, sharing their expertise to improve the overall effectiveness of the team. Basic experience supervising work teams or leading project teams engaged in the design, development, implementation, integration, maintenance and support of IT applications (both internal and external facing). Significant experience engaging technical or project teams, to obtain agreement on service requirements or the resolution of technical issues Significant experience with Dynamics CRM 2016/365 or similar technologies, this includes configuring entities, forms, views, and security permissions based on business requirements and creating workflows, business processes and rules, as well as custom form scripts that leverage the client-side Javascript libraries. Basic experience extending Dynamics CRM or similar technologies, including developing server-side plugins, workflows and processes using the Dynamics SDK and .NET Basic experience with a Grants and Contributions program would be an asset. Solid knowledge of software development methodologies, such as Agile, Scrum and/or LEAN. Solid knowledge of OOB Microsoft Dynamics 365 Entities and common third-party utilities and Add-ons or similar technologies. Solid ability to create/modify/maintain plug-ins, work flows and web services of Microsoft Dynamics 365 or similar technologies. Solid ability to plan and manage the activities of the team, this includes knowledge of relevant Government of Canada IT strategies and appropriate IT system security requirements. Solid ability to research and analyse requirements and recommend solutions. Technology extension - Communication (Level 2) Technology extension - Conceptual and analytical ability (Level 3) Technology extension - Client focus (Level 2) Technology extension - Results orientation (Level 3) Technology extension - Teamwork (Level 3) A pre-qualified list may be established for similar positions for a one year period. Candidates who have Second Language Evaluation (SLE) test results with the Public Service Commission should include these results with their application. This position is being advertised internally and externally simultaneously, however first consideration will be given to internal NRC applicants. Candidates must clearly answer all application questions. CV and cover letter will only be used to confirm information detailed in the application. Candidates must use the education/experience criteria as a header and then write a maximum of 800 characters demonstrating how they meet them by providing concrete examples. In addition, the candidate is encouraged to describe in detail when, where and how he/she gained the experience. Failure to provide appropriate or factual information in the application may result in the rejection of your application. Candidates will not be solicited for incomplete or possible missing information. If the candidate does not have Dynamics experience, please indicate the similar tools used and describe why they are considered similar so technical evaluation materials can be adjusted. NRC employees enjoy a wide-range of benefits including comprehensive health and dental plans, pension and insurance plans, vacation and other leave entitlements. Preference will be given to Canadian Citizens and Permanent Residents of Canada. Please include citizenship information in your application. The incumbent must adhere to safe workplace practices at all times. We thank all those who apply, however only those selected for further consideration will be contacted. 
ScrapedJobID788:

ScrapedJobID789:
Join a team to develop the world's most immersive training simulator for the petroleum industry. Consult with industry experts to program their domain knowledge into our simulator. Read research papers on petroleum engineering and program it into our simulator. Masters or PhD in Computer Science, Mathematics, Petroleum Engineering, or related field. Proficiency with C++ or C# Demonstrated coding ability Published papers in a related field Knowledge of petroleum engineering Unity3D experience in C# Knowledge of advanced mathematics or physics Knowledge of computational modelling techniques Software Developer Software Engineer Software Programmer Game Developer Gameplay Programmer Game Development C# Programmer C# Developer Unity 3D Unity3D Unity Software Engineering 
ScrapedJobID790:
Support the Vulnerability Management function, working with the internal team and coordinating with managed service providers to ensure a comprehensive vulnerability management program Support the governance and oversight of the vulnerability management program, ensuring vulnerabilities are detected, measured, and reported on a regular basis. Develop the vulnerability management program to ensure visibility and awareness of threats, vulnerabilities and risks in relation to Bombardier’s IT systems internally and externally, and additionally related to Bombardier’s interactions with suppliers and vendors and related IT systems. Develop key performance indicators and reporting metrics, ensuring visibility and awareness of vulnerabilities with Bombardier’s internal and external IT systems. Provide technical consultation, guidance, training, and assistance to developers, management, application and database owners, and users in reference to security policy and standards, remediation, regression testing, and system architectures recommendations. Perform analysis of cyber security vulnerability, threats and incident trends to understand root causes and propose counter measures that mitigate risk and improve security and business processes. Identify and track completeness of inventory and currency systems and ensure execution of plans to reduce technical debt and legacy systems. You have bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Information Science or relevant field of study. CISSP, CISA, CISM and other security certifications preferred. You have 5+ years hands-on experience in cyber security roles such as vulnerability management, threat intelligence or incident response. You have solid knowledge of common attack methods and their detection techniques. You have solid knowledge of network traffic analysis, related tools. You are familiarity with malware analysis concepts and ability to perform basic static and dynamic analysis. Skilled with vulnerability assessment tools, correlation rules, and managing dashboards. 
ScrapedJobID791:
7+ years of experience working as a software developer. Great partnership, communication and coordination skills. Computational problem solving skills. Experience with OOP and working in agile development models. Experience building large-scale web sites. Proficiency in C#. Proficiency in ASP.NET. Proficiency in HTML 5, CSS3 and JavaScript/TypeScript. Proficiency in AngularJS or ReactJs. Knowledge of the Web UX industry today. Bachelor’s degree Computer Science, related discipline or equivalent work experience. Experience with Web UX design. Collaboration and leadership skills, with ability to mentor other engineers. 
ScrapedJobID792:
Work as a technical liaison with development teams to address build issues and improvements Develop and maintain automation pipelines Develop robust workflows to deploy changes in a live product environment Monitor automation systems and proactively respond to breakages Create and monitor metrics to improve automation systems Manage virtual infrastructure, including deploying and monitoring VMs Maintain the product backlog including tasks and their priorities 3+ years of experience or education in software development, or related discipline Excellent troubleshooting and debugging abilities Experience designing and creating automation jobs in CI systems (e.g. Jenkins, TeamCity) Experience with scripting languages (e.g. Powershell, Batch, Python) Strong knowledge in source-control administration and good practices (e.g. Perforce, Git) Experience making PKGs for First Party Platforms Creative, curious, and motivated to grow your technical abilities Ability to communicate and discuss technical topics with both technical and business audiences Excellent documentation skills Strong sense of initiative and ownership Willingness to work in Toronto is preferred, but remote opportunities are available Experience with OO languages (e.g. Java, C++, C#) Experience deploying and maintaining virtual infrastructure (e.g. Virtual Machines) Experience with game engines and the particularities of game development Experience with Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery Experience with monitoring tools (e.g. ZABBIX) Experience with infrastructure automation tools (e.g. Chef, Ansible, Puppet) Experience with secrets management tools (e.g. Hashicorp Vault) Experience with metrics gathering and visualization tools (e.g. Splunk, Elastic Search, Kibana) Experience with container orchestration and management tools (e.g Docker, Kubernetes) Bonus Structure 4.5 weeks paid vacation Relocation assistance Flexible schedule Weekly happy hour Healthcare & benefits 
ScrapedJobID793:
At least 3 years of Web Front End development experience; more experienced candidates are welcome Strong knowledge of React/Redux architecture Strong knowledge of HTML/CSS, animations, transitions, responsive design and browser specifics Solid knowledge of JavaScript, ES6, TypeScript and Node.js Comfortable with the Unix command lines Experience with a revision control tools, ideally from the command line: such as svn, git, p4 Self-directed; able to own your work and not be spoon fed Must be a resident of Canada and be eligible to work in Canada Communicate with remote team members regarding the project requirements, priorities and progress Build community tools which will be used by game developers and gamers Support and improve the existing tools and services Make sure the code quality is good and improving Experience with video streaming implementation and working with distributed teams DevOps experience - CI and deployments Understanding of and willingness to work according to agile manifesto spirit Familiarity with the video games industry and gamers community Diploma in C.S., Comp. Eng., or equivalent Annual Medical Allowance (Dental, Vision & More) Disability insurance Paid time off Remote working Continues learning opportunities Overtime pay 
ScrapedJobID794:

ScrapedJobID795:

ScrapedJobID796:
Follow the existing style and assist in asset creation. Create high and low polygon 3D scenes/props in Max / Maya / Unreal Develop a beautiful cohesive layout with 3D assets resulting in an immersive Unreal scene. Create and modify existing textures with latest techniques (diffuse, normal, specular and emissive) Create marketing images for Appstore and advertisements (renders, screenshots) Modify and enhance existing 3D assets Other tasks assigned by the Team This position is mainly focused on lighting and environment assembling in unreal engine. There are not many modeling tasks High proficiency in Maya or 3DS Max and basic knowledge of Unreal engine Hand-Painting Skills High proficiency in Photoshop and Substance Painter Tileable texture creation with Substance Designer Knowledge of lighting techniques Versatile, flexible, and willing to do what's needed in a fast-moving environment Can work well both independently and closely with other Sr. Artists Good verbal communication and teamwork skills Proven track record of art assets on projects that have made it to market Interest in pop culture, movies, and games Understanding of typography, the basic principles of design, and color theory Proven portfolio showing an ability to manage diverse styles Familiarity with casual games on iOS and Android platforms Previous experience with the development and shipment of AAA titles Proficiency in various shader techniques including light mapping, ambient occlusion, specular. Experience creating real-time visual effects and particle systems Proficiency in various shader techniques Comprehensive benefits after 3 months include extended health, dental, vision & prescription coverage. Paid Vacation + paid Sick days: 18 days(accumulated and based on percentage earning) Active Living Benefits (such as Fitness Memberships, Registration fees for team sports reimbursement) after 3 months Training and development fee reimbursement after 3 months Dependent Child Benefit Paid Holiday Closure between Christmas & New Year week Statutory paid holidays RRSP matching after 1 year Monthly Commute Allowance after 3 months Monthly Team lunch On-site car and Bike Parking Work hours: 10 am to 6 pm with 1 hour paid lunch. Foosball & Pool Tables on site Gym on site Dress code: Casual Child Gift Lots of snacks, drinks available Random extra Bonus/Gifts Referral Bonus 
ScrapedJobID797:
Defining the strategy for enabling performance diagnostics and monitoring through the use of an Application Performance Management (APM) tool, other monitoring tools, and diagnostic techniques. Identifying, evaluating, and recommending monitoring tools and diagnostic techniques relevant to the application architecture. Assess gaps in as-is monitoring tool capabilities and recommend tools to augment or replace. Learning an application's design to assess for performance risks and identify areas to apply past learnings Instrumenting applications to enable performance diagnostics and monitoring Collaborating with Performance Engineering leads and project team to review and refine application NFRs, SLAs, & KPIs to create acceptance criteria and performance budgets necessary to measure, validate, and improve performance Collaborating with developers to promote the concept of performance engineering during all phases of the SDLC to detect and correct performance issues earlier in the lifecycle Monitoring application performance during performance tests or production usage through the use of APM and other monitoring tools to isolate the fault domain, dive deep into application code, and identify root cause of performance issues. Utilizing static code and dynamic code analysis to identify performance and maintenance concerns Profiling application performance from end-user perspective to inventory performance concerns and suggest tuning opportunities across the application stack Performing deep dive JVM analysis examining garbage collection logs, heap dumps, and thread dumps as needed. Documenting performance findings and recommendations Interacting with client and/or Accenture development, operations, and infrastructure resources to recommend solutions to remediate performance issues Participating in re-architecture, redesign, and refactoring decisions to satisfy performance requirements Developing dashboards and reports to provide ongoing visibility into the performance of client applications Contributing learnings and experiences to the Accenture Performance Engineering community Minimum of 3 years' hands-on experience with performance tuning, diagnostic or monitoring Minimum of 2 years' hands-on design / development experience (e.g. Java, .Net, etc.) Minimum of 1 years of Team Lead experience leading a team with experience in Project Planning, Estimating or Project Management. Minimum of 1-year hands-on experience performance diagnostics tools (e.g. AppDynamics, Dynatrace, New Relic, CA APM (previously Wily Introscope), etc.) Bachelor's degree or equivalent (minimum 12 years) work experience. (If Associate’s Degree, must have minimum 6 years work experience) Experience delivering software designed for high concurrency, scalability, or availability Experience using Application Performance Management (APM) tools (e.g. AppDyanmics, DynaTrace, New Relic, CA Introscope APM, HP Diagnostics) Hands-on experience collecting performance data, analyzing, troubleshooting, and tuning Hands on analysis, reverse engineering, debugging, and profiling Java code (e.g. Eclipse Profiler, Eclipse TPTP, JProbe, JProfiler, Yourkit, VisualVM, Valgrind, NetBeans profiler, JConsole, JBoss Profiler, JAMon, JRocket Flight Recorder) Exposure to Cloud, SaaS, and virtualization concepts and performance concerns Exposure to application threading and concurrency concerns Working knowledge of operating system design , processes, and threading model Ability to work in other languages such as JavaScript, Ruby, PHP, Perl, Python, Powershell, and Linux shell scripting Competitive benefits, including a fair and balanced parental leave policy. At Accenture, we believe in bringing the best to our clients through continuous learning & improvement – from basic skills to industry-specific content – available to all our people. Career coaching and mentorship to help you manage your career and develop professionally. Performance Achievement – our performance management process that focuses on your strengths, progress and career possibilities. Fantastic opportunities to develop your career across a variety of clients. Opportunities to get involved in corporate citizenship initiatives, from volunteering to doing charity work. 
ScrapedJobID798:
Ensure that all staff are present for the shifts and live tables operate with no interruptions Ensure that the highest of personal and professional standards are maintained by gaming floor staff while creating an engaging experience to our players by interacting verbally trough the Live Chat system using the native language of the table Handles all day-to-day operations with the gaming floor staff including but not limited to scheduling, rotations, performance management, on shift feedback and advice to staff, employee relations, etc. Fill in shift reports, prepare handovers to colleagues or direct manager Update gaming floor staff with changes in procedures, rules, and policies Complete administrative work on shift assigned by management Do gaming floor supervision from pit stations, complete several floor walks a shift to ensure all staff follow the workplace rules, deal with and/or escalation any violations to the respective representative Play an active part in table promotions and external and internal media campaigns, including but not limited to photo shoots and filmography, table testing if and when necessary Use internal systems WIKI, TTS, JIRA, Tableau, Outlook email, Microsoft Office, etc. Collaborate with other departments to ensure the smooth running of the shift Replace colleagues during their vacations, sick leaves, and other absences. Replacement takes place during working time, and it is not considered as additional work Organize the schedule for the gaming floor employees Be ready to go on Live in case of an emergency Other duties as assigned. Fluent verbal English language skills Excellent customer service skills High sense of responsibility, driven and outgoing personality Dedication both on and off the camera so as to truly be an ambassador for our brand Ability to remain strongly focused and disciplined in the studio environment Ability to work well in team while also being able to work independently Ability to perform and work well under pressure Good technical/computer skills Flexible attitude to changing priorities according to the business needs, including changes to shifts and covering colleagues’ eventual absences where required. 
ScrapedJobID799:
Bachelor's Degree or equivalent experience in Computer Science, software engineer, or related fields 2+ years of experience on large scale projects, preferably continuously delivered SaaS products Comfortable with a research environment Autonomous and eager to learn Linux operating system Git version control Python and Javascript programming language Kubernetes/Docker orchestration Nodejs and React Working on the backend and front-end aspects of complex AI-based software as well as casino marketing and finance applications Ideation and creation of new features based on customers needs Maintain and implement our front-end UI/UX Design and implement scalable APIs and microservices Evaluate and select appropriate technologies Participating in the evaluation and selection of the appropriate technology platforms, frameworks, and deployment architectures for each given problem to solve Flexible hours Partially remote flexibility Startup environment Gym in the office Free coffee and ramen Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Discounted or free food Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym Stock options Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID800:
Design, implement and troubleshoot server-side software in the cloud (we use AWS) Work with multiple data store technologies, including both SQL and NoSQL databases Work on highly available and scalable systems that will be used by thousands of concurrent users Proactively identify and recommend improvements to address systemic pain points and tech debt Work on a team that has a rotating on-call schedule, ensuring that our live games are supported 24/7 Participate in development planning and scheduling, working with Producers to estimate tasks and ensure milestones are hit Collaborate with Designers and provide technical input towards feature designs Experience with object oriented programming, preferably with PHP Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases Experience with hosting containerized applications on AWS or similar cloud providers Experience with Docker Experience with Web API design and implementation Familiarity with Jenkins 3+ years of experience in Software engineering, ideally in games development BS in Computer Science or equivalent discipline Experience in DevOps or systems administration Solid understanding of network-based client/server systems and its implications on performance and security Experience with C# and Unity Experience with HTML and JavaScript Experience with Serverless technologies Familiarity with Kubernetes and Infrastructure as Code 
ScrapedJobID801:
Has led end-to-end development on at least project spanning one or more teams Quickly gains proficiency when exposed to unfamiliar technical patterns, systems, or languages Is able to unblock individuals when they are faced with technical challenges Is a strong communicator who can collaborate well with other non-technical functions (e.g. Product & Design) Has the courage to try out new tools, fail fast, and dive into unknowns to solve new and challenging problems Familiar with our commonly used technology choices (Golang, Node, Javascript) Developing DApps or interacting with blockchains Understands the deployment process, and is comfortable with docker, containers, and kubernetes Familiarity with event driven architectures, Kafka, and comfortable with eventual consistency Has a strong understanding of application and API security 
ScrapedJobID802:
Direct and mentor a team of ML researchers and engineers in order to craft state-of-the-art algorithms to bridge the gap between simulation and reality. Collaborate with Product Managers and engineering leadership to conceptualize, strategize, and develop new products. Work with the team to communicate key results at machine learning conferences. Help build and maintain open-source packages for researchers. Help build a community of external researchers working in computer vision and robotics with Unity's tools and services. B.S. in Computer Science, Math, Statistics, Physics, or a related area Experience working with or building data platforms and large-scale machine learning training pipelines. Experience with Deep Learning Frameworks (e.g. TensorFlow, PyTorch) Published research in areas of machine learning at major conferences and/or journals M.S. or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Math or Statistics, Physics, or a related area Experience leading open-source projects Experience with Unity Engine, 3D simulators, game development, and graphics 
ScrapedJobID803:
Help define software development best practices, from design to release Identify top key performance indicators to help measure the productivity and quality of software development processes Use or integrate existing software that help track these indicators Put in place and modify continuous integration and delivery systems tools Build automation tooling that improve development teams’ productivity Mentor development teams on topics related to software development best practices (CICD, DevOps, trunk-based development, automated tests, iterative development, etc.) An undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent At least 3 years of industry experience in software development Excellent knowledge of continuous integration and delivery practices Excellent knowledge of quality assurance automation practices Good knowledge of continuous integration and delivery systems (such as GitLab CI, Team City, NuGet, Artifactory) Good knowledge of a programming language such as C#, Python, or C++ An interest in improving software development processes An aptitude for coaching and communicating Knowledge of public cloud services (AWS, Azure, GCP) Knowledge of Elastic Search, Grafana, Prometheus Knowledge of Docker and Kubernetes Knowledge of intricacies of software development for video game platforms Knowledge of usage of relational and document-based databases Knowledge of data visualization tools (Tableau, PowerBI, Metabase) 
ScrapedJobID804:
Résoudre des problèmes techniques complexes avec l'équipe et mettre en œuvre le solutions; Identifier le code réutilisable et superviser les optimisations / création de plugins Superviser la création de [TDD] documentation de la conception technique; Travailler avec les artiste techniques et Lead Art pour évaluer et mettre en œuvre les besoins de rendu (Benchmark GPU/CPU) ; Créez une architecture de jeu basée sur les meilleures pratiques Unity actuelles; Évaluer les produits internes et concurrents; Agir à titre de point de contact avec les producteurs et les partenaires concernant les choix techniques du projet; Collaborer avec le Lead programmeur pour la gestion des risques du projet, la prévision des outils et le contrôle de la dette technique; Participer à tous les aspects du pipeline de développement de jeux depuis la planification, l'architecture, la gestion des risques, la mise en œuvre, l'itération et le déploiement. Solve complex technical issues with the team and implement the solution; Identify reusable code and oversee library optimizations; Oversee the technical design documentation process; Work with Tech Art and Lead Art to benchmark and implement rendering needs; Build the game architecture based on today’s Unity best practices; Assess both internal and competitive products; Act as the point of contact with the producers, product owner and partners regarding technical choices on the project; Collaborate with the Lead programmer for project risk management, tool forecasting and control of the technical dept; Take part in all aspects of the game development pipeline from planning, architecturing, risk management, implementation, itération and deployment. Baccalauréat en informatique, ingénierie ou génie logiciel ou équivalent; Minimum de cinq (5) ans d'expérience pratique en tant que développeur; Expérience en développement de jeux PC et mobiles est un atout majeur; Expérience de travail dans des environnements agiles et lean; Maîtriser les aspects techniques du développement de produits; Compréhension de l'industrie et de la technologie à venir; Forte expérience avec le pipeline Unity3D; Solides compétences en débogage; Solides compétences en communication écrite et orale; Être capable de s'adapter rapidement au changement; Solides compétences en profilage; Connaissance en graphisme, physique, réseautage, IA, multithreading. Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering or Software Engineering or equivalent; Minimum of five (5) years of hands-on experience as a Developer; PC and mobile game development experience is a strong asset; Experience working in agile and lean environments; Master the technical aspects of product development; Understanding of the industry and upcoming technology; Strong experience with Unity3D pipeline; Strong debugging skills; Strong written and spoken communication skills; Be able to adapt quickly to change; Strong profiling skill; Knowledge in graphics, physics, networking, AI, multithreading. Salaire compétitif ; Assurances collectives offrant une couverture pour un large éventail de soins de santé, les soins dentaires, l’assurance salaire courte et longue durée et une assurance voyage ; REER collectif avec contribution avantageuse de l’employeur ; Stationnement gratuit ; Horaire régulier de 37,5 heures par semaine ; Projets originaux et variés ; Collations santé offertes gratuitement tous les jours ; Réel impact sur les projets ; Accès à ton propre espace personnalisé au cœur d’un espace ouvert, lumineux et branché ; Des clients d’envergure internationale dans les domaines du jouet et du divertissement ; Travailler avec des gens compétents et talentueux ; Une culture du jeu très forte ; Des activités sociales et beaucoup de plaisir ! Competitive salary; Group insurance offering health, disability and dental coverage and travel coverage; RRSP program including an employer contribution; Free parking; Schedule of 37,5 hours per week; Work on original and various projects; Free healthy snacks offered every day; Real impact on your projects; Own personalized space in our bright, comfortable and trendy open environment; Top international clients in the toys and entertainment business. Does Hasbro, Disney, Cartoon Network, Warner Brothers ring a bell? Work with talented and competent people; Strong gaming culture; Social events and a lot of fun! 
ScrapedJobID805:
Research and experimenting with groundbreaking technologies, pioneering new techniques to match the constantly evolving demands of ours clients and the industry Crafting, implementing, and debugging audio systems for game development Develop and improve audio integration while supporting the team in their day-to-day job functions. Collaborate to develop systems/tools to allow audio designs to realize ambitious artistic goals. Responsible for documenting audio systems and defining audio standard methodologies. Proven engineering/programming background in C# Experience developing with Unity at a high level as well as intermediate skill with C# or another programming language. Experience developing audio systems BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience Previous experience as an audio or core engineer Production experience with developing headset AR/VR applications Console and PC development or equivalent experience (PS4, Xbox One, steam etc.) Experience with DSP and audio signal analysis A passion for games and/or music 
ScrapedJobID806:
Travailler de pair avec le directeur artistique et les autres leaders créatifs pour formuler la direction visuelle du jeu; Créer des concepts originaux détaillés de personnages, d'environnements, d'objets et de véhicules; Réaliser des peintures détaillées de type ‘matte painting’ pour les arrière-plans du jeu et des cinématiques; Produire de l’art promotionnel inspirant pour le marketing du jeu; Aider à créer le langage visuel du jeu et les guides de style essentiels à son développement. 5 ans ou plus d’expérience dans une position similaire; Expertise en illustration et en processus itératif, de l’esquisse rapide à l’œuvre finale; Maîtrise des théories de couleur, de la composition, du design et des matériaux; Capacité à collaborer efficacement avec des artistes 3d, des animateurs et des concepteurs. Familiarité avec les logiciels 3d un atout. Work closely with the Art Director and other creative leads to help establish the visual direction for the game; Create detailed original concepts of characters, environments, vehicles, and objects; Paint detailed architecure and mood concepts over existing level geometry; Produce inspirational, promotional, and marketing art; Help craft style guides and visual language for the project; 5+ years of experience in a similar position; Excellent understanding of color theory, design, lighting, composition and materials; Strong drawing and iteration skills; Ability to work from rough thumbnails to polished quality concepts; Experience collaborating with multiple disciplines, including Game Designers, Level Designers and 3d Artists and animators; Knowledge of 3D softwares a plus. 
ScrapedJobID807:
Define the user experience and user journey for the various stages of the product in collaboration with Product and Development leaders Help define visual identity for the product and for the company Responsible for overall visual quality of company assets (website, presentations, etc.) Help develop the vision and strategy for the MVP and the longer term roadmap Participate in ideation and strategy sessions with management and Product leaders to constantly iterate and improve on deliverables Help conduct user research to improve the product-market fit Help design product experiments Develop a world-class design team 6+ years of experience designing UX and UI for consumer facing apps and websites, including 3+ years at lead/director level Proficiency on standard design tools (Photoshop, Illustrator, Figma, etc.) Experience building products from ideation to delivery, with direct experience on consumer-facing mobile apps or games with large audiences Familiarity with recent UI/UX design trends, particularly on social platforms Passionate about consumer platforms, applications and games Direct experience working on a major social media platform Expertise on the culture of influencers, creators, streamers on platforms like TikTok, Competitive salary, at home perks and participation in the Employee Stock Option Plan. Dental care Extended health care Stock options Monday to Friday UX: 6 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID808:
Must have Drupal Experience and be able to provide example work Producing high quality work adhering to Acro Media standards and following the Acro Media production process Implementing updates & revisions to web sites Contributing code back to the Drupal community, testing and responding to issues, maintaining modules. Working independently on multiple smaller tasks or larger builds with shifting priorities and tight deadlines Adhering to and providing accurate estimates for the amount of time required to repair a defect, a build, or to add additional functionality to an existing application Providing efficient solutions in a timely manner for work requests, issues, and defects Communicating well with Account Managers, Supervisors, and Clients in regards to work requests, problems and defects Acting as both a peer/mentor to other Developers as well as be comfortable asking for help from team members Ability to find and fix problems in code, this might not be your code and your only hint might be a cryptic complaint from a client. A good mix of web development skills, you should be able to build out site template and then code all the gears and pulleys behind the scenes as well, we try not to have people who do all HTML/CSS and people who do all backend coding, we like people who can multi-class. You’re not going to work on the same thing for 8 months. If you only have experience on embedded systems or just design sexy layouts, maybe try to brush up on your weaker areas, we are open minded though so don’t let this scare you away. Our designers use Photoshop, so when you’re building out the templates, it’s good to know how to navigate around this application. Basic knowledge of how layers work, and the use of some the more important tools that are required for taking apart the design and deriving all the images for web-use is a plus. We're open to good programmers who know other languages and technologies and are will to learn, but below is a list of a bunch of stuff we normally work with: PHP SQL CSS3/HTML5 Javascript/jQuery XML Bonus: C++/Objective C/C#/C If you know other languages don’t forget to mention them, if you are a badass Lisp hacker type, mention that. Comfortable working in a Linux shell to do day-to-day tasks. Hopefully, you have installed Linux on something at least once, even if it was just your Xbox, phone...or vacuum etc. (For real though, you can get Linux installed on a Roomba) Some understanding of Linux hosting if at all possible. Have you configured your own server? Did you setup a web server for your house or friends, even if no one else really cared? Prior experience with a source control system (ex, SVN, Git, GitHub, etc.) Has Drupal work to send us Formal education or prior experience is NOT required, we just want to know that you can code, so you’ll have to have some work you can show us. An excellent internet connection is required; you must be able to sustain an hour long conference call without any issues All offers of employment with Acro Media Inc are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Flex start times & Earned days off: Do you prefer to start at 8:00? or 9:00? We'll work with you. Want every second Friday off? Well we've got a program for that too! Paid Overtime for all roles...including salary positions: What? What?! Yep you heard right. We pay for all approved OT...not that we want everyone working so hard, but with the natural ebb and flow of our industry sometimes it's needed to blast out the OT in order to keep our heads above water. We find this little pay cheque nugget is a nice reward for the over timerz. Slappies: Tougher to explain but once a month we get together and have a little ceremony, some food, a few brews - no altars or corporate chants involved. Fun day: We aim to have fun every day; however, every year for a day we cram a bunch of fun on ourselves. Weee! SPARC Events: Sometimes we have an in-house breakfast, team building events, (less corny than it sounds), competitions, or just a plain little reward for no reason. It's a little spark in our usually normal days. Warning, we make you wear costumes. Often. Culture: We're a certain type of people. We're all a little different and unique in our own way but we seem to work well together. No one’s perfect and we embrace that. We take our work seriously, but we don't take ourselves too seriously. Check out our site to get to know us! Remote work available! 
ScrapedJobID809:
Develop and maintain testing processes, enhance and improve testing processes, maintain test plans, manual and automated test scripts for user interface, functionality, system and exploratory testing. Execute regression tests, functional tests and data tests (Manual Testing). Document quality assurance practices. Report, track and determine priority of reported bugs. Understanding of JavaScript. Postman. Experience with Atlasssian products and integrations (Jira, Confluence, GitHub). Experience working with a Docker/Kubernetes environment. Overall experience of 3+ years in Quality Assurance and Testing. Good experience in Web testing, End to End/UAT testing, Integration testing on desktop Web, mobile web and mobile native apps. Experience preparing Test Procedures, Test Scenarios, Cases and Test Data. Experience identifying the test cases suitable for automation. Experience executing test cases and uploading execution results and logs in test management tools. Have good agile knowledge and experienced in DevOps tools such as Jenkins etc. Natural collaborator. You work effectively with developers, BA’s, Product Managers, and customers to draft test plans and test cases from an established set of requirements. You are proficient with Agile and a collaborative cross functional approach to building awesome software. You are comfortable working remotely across teams in different time zones (London and Canada), and collaborating on best practices across multiple Agile teams. You constantly seek opinions and solicit feedback in an effort to create the best work possible. You don’t know any other way. It’s a team effort - and you completely appreciate that. Quality orientation. You rarely make mistakes because you have good processes in place to ensure that every last detail is correct. But in those rare occasions when errors are realized (let’s face it, it happens to the best of us from time to time), you own them, correct them, learn from them, and then quickly adjust and communicate processes to ensure the same mistake doesn’t happen twice. It’s your transparency, authenticity and humility is what sets you apart from the rest. Stays cool when things get crazy. We’re growing fast - which translates to an ever-changing, super fast-paced work environment. This may involve immediate changes to plans and timelines. Your ability to quickly analyze situations and effectively prioritize tasks is what sets you apart from the rest. Rest assured: you’ve got this. Collaborative and creative environment. Being part of the journey of a fast growing SaaS Company. Flexible work environment. We help you grow - both professionally and personally. 
ScrapedJobID810:
Game development (3+years XP) iOS / Android Empirical knowledge of Mobile technologies Objective-C and Java Web standards Video or 3D knowledge (OpenGL ES) A team player Able to work independently Organized Creative 
ScrapedJobID811:
Deeply understand the Take-Two Gaming Platform tech stack and its underlying implementation Work closely with game teams and labels to integrate with our gaming platform, answering support questions, writing reference implementations, and supporting their development Research and propose solutions to problems across a broad range of topics, such as SDK and API design, performance optimization, service integration, and more Adapt platform solutions to the needs of game studios in real time, matching efforts to help them hit demanding deadlines when necessary Work closely with fellow engineers and team members, and maintain a strong professional relationship based on communication, respect, and trust Mentor more junior engineers, share knowledge with your peers, and contribute to the team's culture of excellence and openness 5+ years of professional experience, focused in commercial desktop applications and/or game development Experience in modern C/C++, especially relating to game development, API/SDK design, and client-server applications Experience working with other languages, such as Java, C#, JavaScript, and/or Lua Strong debugging skills, and the ability to quickly chart a path from bug report to viable solutions Strong communication and presentation skills, along with the ability to offer solutions without over promising Strong written communication and documentation skills Ability to work with minimal supervision, prioritizing and adapting to the needs of the team and leadership adeptly Ability to skill-share and mentor junior members of the team, helping to grow the overall capabilities of the team Experience with frameworks that employ web technology in application design, such as CEF Experience developing games, either independently or professionally Experience with modern Javascript frameworks, especially React A presence in the development community (Stack Overflow, open source projects, conferences, blogging, etc.) Working knowledge of Git, CI/CD, testing, and build automation best practices A passion for performance and providing phenomenal end user experience A history of self-motivation and self-improvement throughout your career Great Company Culture. Ranked as one of the most creative and innovative places to work, creativity, innovation, efficiency, diversity and philanthropy are among the core tenets of our organization and are integral drivers of our continued success. Growth. As a global entertainment company, we pride ourselves on creating environments where employees are encouraged to be themselves, inquisitive, collaborative and to grow within and around the company. Work Hard, Play Hard. Our employees bond, blow-off steam, and flex some creative muscles – through corporate boot camp classes, company parties, game release events, monthly socials, and team challenges. Benefits. Medical, dental, vision, pension plan, employee stock purchase plan, commuter benefits, in-house wellness program, broad learning & development opportunities, a charitable giving platform with company match and more! Perks. Fitness allowance, employee discount programs, free games & events, stocked pantries and the ability to earn up to $500+ per year for taking care of yourself and more. 
ScrapedJobID812:
Architect and implement tools and libraries that accelerate multiplayer development Build Unity Editor tools used for network performance analysis, debugging multiplayer scenarios, and iterating on multiplayer gameplay Work closely with the core network SDK team to collaborate on tooling and workflow requirements Write and maintain production-quality code and tests Experience working as a tools engineer on multiple shipped titles Experience with high-performance programming, multi-threading, and memory management Familiarity with modern real-time networking concepts Ability to conceptualize, communicate, and execute on engineering initiatives Expertise in C# or other C-based language Prior experience with the Unity Engine Familiarity with accessible UI/UX methodologies Concevoir et mettre en œuvre des outils et des bibliothèques accélérant le développement multijoueurs Bâtir pour l'éditeur Unity des outils utilisés pour l'analyse des performances du réseau, le débogage de scénarios multijoueurs et l'itération des jeux multijoueurs Travailler en étroite collaboration avec l'équipe SDK du réseau principal sur les exigences en matière d'outillage et de processus Créer et maintenir des tests et un code de qualité de production Expérience de travail en tant que développeur d'outils sur plusieurs titres livrés Expérience de la programmation à haut rendement, du traitement à plusieurs branches et de la gestion de la mémoire Connaissance des concepts modernes de mise en réseau en temps réel Capacité à conceptualiser, communiquer et exécuter des initiatives d'ingénierie Expertise en langage C# ou autre langage C Expérience avec le moteur Unity Connaissance des méthodologies IU/UX accessibles 
ScrapedJobID813:
Create and communicate technical vision for mobile strategy Understand business requirements, translate them into designs and create proof-of-concept prototype Provide technical guidance to teams developing end-to-end solutions for mobile & responsive web applications Ensure overall integrity of the software design and architecture Apply mobile application standards and methodologies Be the go-to expert on mobile technology trends and best practices Recommend and implement practices to improve consistency, quality and development efficiency A strong leader with the ability to set a technical vision Experienced in leading projects from ground up Possess a broad detailed knowledge of mobile technologies and industry trends Excited by the challenges that come with a rapidly growing and scaling company, and have thrived in this kind of environment Not afraid to stretch yourself outside of your comfort zone to take on new challenges, and have a love for continuous learning 5+ years of experience as a developer with 2+ years focus in Mobile development (React Native, Flutter, iOS, Android) Experience with Infrastructure As Code and CICD pipelines Experience with Design Systems (reusable UI components and UX patterns) Excellent communications skills Backend: Node.js, GraphQL, Postgres, DynamoDB, Redis, AWS, Lambda, Django, Ruby on Rails Game: HTML5, Canvas, WebGL, Phaser, Pixi, Typescript Frontend: React, React Native, ES6 
ScrapedJobID814:
Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or relevant professional experience Experience architecting, implementing and maintaining complex software products Strong programming experience in C++ and/or Python Knowledge of the VFX, Feature Animation or Video Game creative workflows Maya and Houdini API experience Experience developing solutions for crowds, rigging, cfx, animation or motion-capture Experience developing multi-threaded and/or GPU solutions 
ScrapedJobID815:
Collaborate with the production team to understand the overall game vision & design documentation. Partner with project managers to help plan tasks and milestones + create the quality control calendar. Oversee your development testing team test their features (e.g. mission, AI, audio, UI, engine, online, etc.) & build their test plans. Regularly meet with your team to follow up on test plans, provide feedback and coaching, discuss progress, tackle setbacks, coordinate bug correction, flag risks, set benchmarks, etc. Adapt to technical and production constraints, updating the quality control calendar when and as often as needed. Put together and evaluate post-mortems to continuously improve our efforts. Carry out the annual evaluations of your development testers. Stay up to date on testing best practices, strategies, and techniques to keep up with the industry + develop your skills and refresh your knowledge. Participate in recruitment to build your development testing team & foster their long-term growth. A college diploma in a video game-related program or equivalent training At least 2 years of leadership experience in quality control or quality assurance, or related experience (project management an asset) Knowledge of bug tracking software (e.g. Jira), test creation software (e.g. TestRail), and game engines (e.g. Unity or Unreal) & their limitations Solid understanding of test principles & methodologies and basic programming A highly innovative, empathetic, and collaborative spirit Exceptional problem-solving, organizational, communication, mentorship, and interpersonal skills Critical thinking, attention to detail, curiosity, resourcefulness, and plenty of flexibility A solid understanding of the market & a (fiery) passion for video games Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, skills, and any games shipped 
ScrapedJobID816:
Design, implement, tune, and balance game systems, economies, and progression. Apply strong knowledge of macro and behavioural economics to create the in-game economy and it’s monetary lifecycle (production, sinks, inflation). Define the virtual products (relation, life cycle, availability). Foster creative and scalable design solutions, improving the enjoyment of the players, quality of the product, and efficiency of the team. Work collaboratively with Producers, Product Managers, Designers, Artists, Engineers, and cross-functional teams to facilitate well planned and executed features. Create design docs, drawings, diagrams, flowcharts, and any other necessary documents to communicate design functionality and vision. Build Blockchain mobile, PC & web games that the world loves to play. Be a constant student of evolving blockchain game economies, emerging player behaviour and trends, and champion these insights to improve the effectiveness of economic design efforts. 8+ years of Financial Market experience and/or Game Design experience in PC, Web & Mobile free-to-play games. 3+ years of supervisory, leadership or team management. Strong verbal and written communication skills and ability to organized game design workflow from initial concept to final release and post-release support. An ability to embrace an environment that iterates constantly. Capable of wrapping your head around the challenges and opportunities inherent in blockchain technology. Strong analytical abilities and able to synthesize game systems and mechanics to improve game features and systems. Strong exposure and confidence in identifying and analyzing KPIs then providing action items to ensure the sustainability of your game from a revenue and growth perspective. Pride in creating a high-quality, addictive and social game feature-sets. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience with an emphasis on game design, economics, finance, math, or psychology. Spreadsheet wizardry. Experience with Sport Games a plus. 
ScrapedJobID817:
Lead the graphics team and define, own and drive the road map on new Halo graphics features Collaborate with various key internal and external stakeholders to design, create, and maintain major graphics systems and features that meet technical, budgeting and scheduling requirements Develop robust, efficient and scalable solutions and optimize performance and memory usage Research and implement new technologies, systems, tools and practices Drive standard software development processes and best practices for requirements, design, implementation, and testing Oversee project dependencies, both internal and external, ensuring contingency plans are in place; recommend solutions and validate plans and timelines; and understand the overall impact on all stakeholders involved Provide regular updates on engineering efforts and participate in high level planning with project managers and technical directors Proactively identify and minimize development bottlenecks across related areas, disciplines and projects Articulate, develop and implement creative solutions to technical problems Anticipate, identify and address technical debt in order to increase efficiency for the project Take ownership of and deliver on technical milestones Perform code reviews, define work and assign tasks, attend stand ups and run sprints Provide hands on coding solutions to help solve complex problems or blockers Provide career management to the graphics engineering team through annual performance reviews, ongoing mentorship and feedback, and regular 1-on-1s 10+ years of professional software engineering experience in the games industry At least 2 years' experience in a leadership role driving technical road maps and managing high performing engineering teams In-depth knowledge of and experience researching, developing and optimizing real-time graphics and rendering systems and tools for AAA games Experience shipping multiple game titles on PC and/or console Extensive experience programming in C++ Deep understanding of rendering architecture, pipelines and runtime optimization Strong debugging, profiling and optimization skills Proven knowledge of advanced and modern rendering techniques Strong stakeholder management skills Ability to communicate with technical and non-technical team members and stakeholders Experience providing career management to software engineers Strong communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to lead, influence and motivate others Driven and self-motivated to produce results and lead technical initiatives Strong proficiency in and experience working with DirectX12 Experience working with external partners 
ScrapedJobID818:
4+ years of experience as a senior level developer 3+ years of hands-on programming experience in a strongly typed, compiled language such as C++, C#, or Java. 4+ years of experience building interactive UI-based applications Experience building data-bound user interfaces on desktop or mobile Familiarity with modern version control systems like Git Enthusiasm for optimizing code for the best possible performance Agile methodology experience Amateur photographer / fan of photography / photos enthusiast 
ScrapedJobID819:
Rig, skin and animate game assets (characters, environments, UI, etc.) for mobile platforms while pushing and maintaining Gameloft’s high quality standards. Report to the Lead Animator for tasks, revisions, content pipeline/workflow, training and creative ideas. Take full ownership on assigned animation tasks, including but not limited to: Rigging/skinning/animating in 3ds Max. Exporting/testing/fixing bugs in the build. Work with the production artists and developers and ensure that game assets are animation and game ready. Learn and apply artistic/IP/licensing guidelines. Execute clients (licensor/lead/supervisor) revisions on spec and in a timely manner You are passionate about all things animation and games related. 3 years of previous professional experience as a 3D Animator in the gaming industry is preferred. Degree/Diploma in classical/3D animation or equivalent academic or professional experience. Knowledge of 3ds Max, biped, CAT and rigging and skinning is essential. An up to date demo reel demonstrating a solid understanding of animation principles, human/creature anatomy and motion, with a focus on polished execution. Experience in 2D animation and 3D modeling with focus on characters (topology and modeling for animation) is a plus. You have excellent communication, customer service and organizational skills; you are proactive and capable of working under minimal supervision. You are professionally and personally driven: you boldly embrace change and are always willing to grow and learn new things. Bonus pay Overtime pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Discounted or free food Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday No weekends Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID820:
Create test strategies and drive quality linguistic outcomes across all live games and products in development Plan, coordinate and monitor test activities for Localization QA for internal and external teams globally and provide regular updates to stakeholders Work closely with internal team members (including developers, producers, and game QA) to assist with tool requests, bug or feature prioritization, and organizing bug triages when needed Design, maintain and improve documentation for standardized testing Support external test partners by removing obstacles and providing information necessary for carrying out the testing, delivering high-quality results and continuous process improvement Identify and escalate risks in a timely manner and propose solutions and corrective measures Ensure projects meet deadlines, deliver expected quality results, and stay within the allocated budget Implement lessons learned through test closure and other activities Advocate for a culture of shared quality ownership throughout the studio and teams 5+ years of localization QA management in multiple languages, including all aspects of process development and execution Excellent understanding and knowledge of testing principles and techniques with a proven track record of successful test project management Thorough knowledge and experience with bug entry and collaboration tools Passion for user experience and making great games Experience in the gaming industry is a big plus! Bilingualism/multilingualism an asset Strong interpersonal, organizational, and problem-solving skills Time management, organizational, and prioritization skills Experience with G Suite tools including Sheets, Docs, Hangouts, etc., Experience with bug entry and collaboration tools, such as JIRA, Confluence, Asana BONUS POINTS FOR: Experience using Version Control Systems (Git, SVN, etc.), Unity, analytics testing, automated testing tools, Android Studio, XCode, Google Play Console, iTunes Connect and with shipping mobile titles Competitive salary and extraordinary incentive plan tied to company goals Extended health, dental & vision benefits, a health & wellness spending account, and an employee & Family Assistance Program 3 weeks vacation + paid winter holiday closure + 10 paid personal/sick days per year Annual $3,000 self development budget to attend conferences, courses, training – you name it! Work Style Benefit - $100/month stipend to help cover the cost of parking, home internet, fitness apps - whatever you need to be comfortable working from home or in one of our hub offices! Home Ergonomic Benefit for your home office - $1,000 Paid short or long term parental leave Charitable gift matching up to $1,000 per year for recognized causes that you support + 3 paid volunteer days per year We have 3 hub offices located in Kelowna, Vancouver and Seattle along with remote employees across North America Our hub offices are accessible and set up to accommodate your preferences; from casual drop-ins, to a dedicated desk, it’s up to how you work best! If you’re based outside of one of our office hub locations, you can work remotely, with some occasional travel to BC 
ScrapedJobID821:
Maintain and improve existing services which includes actively trying to pay back technical debt and extending their functionality Participate in the design, implementation and testing of new services Investigate and fix performance issues throughout our systems which include our services, dependencies and kernel usage Guide the direction of our technology stack to improve performance, scalability and maintainability Mentor and grow the team through various channels (code review, talks, discussions, etc.) Criticize and improve our development processes and methodologies Contribute to open source software to improve our external dependencies Flesh out and iterate on requirements in collaboration with the product team Get involved in and participate actively in the Scrum ceremonies 5 years of experience as a full-time software engineer 3 years of experience in functional programming or in any of the following languages: Go, C Have a solid foundation in systems programming, computer science and software engineering Collaborative spirit with a willingness to mentor others Curious mind that enjoys building things and appreciating the craftsmanship in software Interest in mentoring, guiding and teaching junior developers; previous experience as a lead with direct reports, an asset Knowledge of/or experience in designing and building high traffic distributed systems is a plus Appetite for learning:
system design and architecture
distributed systems
operating systems, especially the Linux kernel networking stack
advanced data structures (succinct, probabilistic, multidimensional, et cetera)
mechanical sympathy, data-oriented design (performance)
functional programming
agile methodologies such as Scrum system design and architecture distributed systems operating systems, especially the Linux kernel networking stack advanced data structures (succinct, probabilistic, multidimensional, et cetera) mechanical sympathy, data-oriented design (performance) functional programming agile methodologies such as Scrum You enjoy reading code, and you're in the habit of reading the source for your dependencies 100% Company-paid comprehensive health & dental coverage, access to a virtual care platform (wellness, medical & nutrition), employee assistance program and Personal & Healthcare spending account with Sun Life Competitive compensation package, including performance incentive bonus plan based on company, team and personal objectives Generous vacation days with additional flex days Group RRSP Matching Program up to 5% Monthly virtual social committee-lead activities (games night, happy hour, health challenges, etc.) Virtual companies get togethers (demo days, Town Halls, and more!) & yoga once per week Open source days for software engineers Employee Referral Program Perkopolis website with great rebates, coupons and promotions Amazing discounts through Samsung Employee Discounts website 
ScrapedJobID822:
Maintain and extend "Unity WebGL", Unity's Web-based platform Prepare Unity for next-gen Web-based frameworks (WebGPU) Help build 1.0 of Project CloudLab, Unity's new platform for Web-based content authoring tools. Collaborate with Unity R&D across the globe on core engine improvements and requirements, but also enable developers to ship the best games and experiences possible for the Web Communicate with browser vendors such as Google, Mozilla, Apple and Microsoft to help keep Unity at the frontier of the Web's ever-changing landscape Strong C++/C and JavaScript skills Strong initiative and ability to work independently Excellent communication skills Performance-minded development Development experience with technologies such as LLVM, WebGL, Emscripten and/or WebAssembly Working knowledge of current Web Standards and browser compatibility OpenGL experience, C# development experience and/or experience using Unity's engine and tools Assurer la maintenance et le développement de Unity WebGL, la plateforme Web de Unity Préparer Unity pour les infrastructures Web de nouvelle génération (WebGPU) Participer à la conception de la version 1.0 du projet CloudLab, la nouvelle plateforme de Unity pour les outils de création de contenu sur le Web Collaborer avec le service de recherche et développement de Unity dans le monde entier au sujet des améliorations et des exigences du moteur de base, mais également permettre aux développeur(euse)s de proposer les meilleurs jeux et expériences possible pour le Web Communiquer avec les fournisseurs de navigateurs comme Google, Mozilla, Apple et Microsoft pour aider à maintenir Unity à la pointe du paysage en constante évolution du Web De solides compétences en C++/C et JavaScript Un sens de l'initiative et la capacité de travailler de manière autonome D'excellentes capacités de communication Un souci du développement des performances Une expérience de développement avec des technologies telles que LLVM, WebGL, Emscripten et/ou WebAssembly Une connaissance pratique des normes Web actuelles et de la compatibilité des navigateurs Une expérience avec OpenGL, une expérience de développement avec C# et/ou une expérience de l'utilisation du moteur et des outils Unity 
ScrapedJobID823:
Design, implement and maintain workflows for volumetric experiences in Unity. Work closely with a cross-discipline team and technical artists to provide highly productive authoring workflows in Unity. Design powerful and extensible APIs. Build and maintain production quality code for rendering, tools, and testing. Extensive experience with Unity, including proficiency in C# programming, rendering, artist tools and Unity workflows. Experience developing UI, tools and workflows with cloud backends and Unity. Understanding of DevOps including version control like Git, SVN and/or PlasticSCM, continuous integration (Jenkins etc), and development workflows. Performance-minded development, code profiling and optimization skills. Tight-knit collaboration and communication skills with the ability to adapt quickly to new technologies and tasks. Previous experience with a variety of concepts, practices, and procedures used in live TV & Broadcast. Experience with esports; casters, streamers and love for sports (soccer, basketball, football) A good grounding in the principles of customer/user experience design. 
ScrapedJobID824:
Work closely with India's product team to build SDKs behind Paytm app Prototype new and redesign features Focus on design, the efficiency of the code and product driven development Work with an elite and focused team of app developers Write unit tests to ensure the code meets the requirements and have minimal latency At least 5+ years of Android development Experience and/or interest in Test Driven Development (TDD) (Unit Testing, UI Testing) Experience with Kotlin is a must. The following is a plus: RxJava (or Coroutines), Dagger, JUnit, Espresso Strong passion for code quality and are not allergic to test cases At least one mobile app you can show off in the interview Solid computer science fundamentals Knowledge of design and development on MVP, MVVM, or MVI models Flexibility to WFH For the third year in a row, we are proud to announce that we have been certified as a Great Place to Work We were also certified as one of the Best Workplaces for Mental Wellness in 2020 We are an open work environment that fosters collaboration, ownership, creativity, and urgency We ensure flexible hours outside of our core working hours Enrolment in the Group Health Benefits plan right from day 1, no waiting period Team building events Fuel for the day: Weekly delivery of groceries, and all types of snacks Catered lunches and desserts on a monthly basis Daily fun in the office with our competitive games of Ping Pong, Pool, Smash Bros competitions, or FIFA And of course, an unlimited amount of freshly made coffee and tea! We’re pretty serious about our coffee beans Online learning through the platform, UDEMY 
ScrapedJobID825:
Develop frontend UI components, using React, for key systems such as screen flow, menu architecture, event systems, match-making and lobby UI, and in-game 2D heads-up display Work closely with UI artists and designers to implement mockups as working components using CSS Interact with other engineers to improve the whole technical team and process Assess requirements and provide effort estimates to guide an evolving development plan Embrace and help improve our engineering practices for solid design, testing, and implementation 3+ years of proven web development experience with React. Experience with React Hooks Strong familiarity with CSS3 for layout and styling Self direction and a proven ability to thrive in a highly dynamic environment Strong interdisciplinary collaboration skills, including verbal and written skills Ability to work with an existing code base. Experience with Typescript Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent Understanding of modern C++ Experience shipping AAA games Demonstrated passion for games and technology Experience with Unity 3D, Unreal, or other similar full-featured game engine. 
ScrapedJobID826:
Surveiller et modérer tout le contenu généré par les utilisateurs Maintenir les lignes directrices de la modération et de la sécurité et vous assurer qu’elles sont à jour. Participer au sein de l'équipe de sécurité au partage des informations nécessaires à améliorer la sécurité au sein de Woozworld. Fournir une rétroaction régulière sur les observations effectuées pendant la modération. Anticiper les problèmes potentiels venant des changements à venir ou survenus sur la plateforme. Prendre en charge la réponse aux questions des clients, en anglais, français et espagnol, en assurant le haut niveau de service défini par Woozworld. Proposer des solutions techniques aux utilisateurs en adaptant ses communications en fonction du public cible et vulgariser si nécessaire Proposer des idées et être à l'affût des besoins de la plateforme en proposant des changements pour améliorer le service. Être responsable des remboursements émis par l’entreprise aux clients Documenter les problèmes techniques découverts pour les transmettre aux développeurs, testeurs et chargés de projet et participer aux corrections. Investiguer les sources des problèmes soumis par les clients et reproduire les problèmes par une vérification méthodique des parties du jeu qui posent problème. Autonomie et une attitude positive et proactive. Habileté démontrée à bien communiquer l’information. Bonnes connaissances techniques et facilité à apprendre; Habileté démontrée à accomplir plusieurs tâches simultanément, seul ou en équipe. Connaissance et compréhension des outils de modérations en ligne. Bonne connaissance des principes du service clientèle. Être passionné des jeux vidéos MMO Bonne connaissance des questions juridiques en ligne. (Atout) Diplôme d’études secondaires complété; Bilinguisme nécessaire (Portuguais-Français ou Portuguais-Anglais), espagnol en plus est un atout Expérience précédente en service à la clientèle dans un domaine de divertissement ou relié au publique jeune. Disponible sur appel pour travail à distance pour répondre aux besoins de la plateforme (occasionnel, au besoin) Motivé par un environnement dynamique; Expérience des plateformes de paiements en ligne (un atout). Expérience comme testeur de jeux ou comme modérateur de communauté en ligne (un atout). Review and moderate all user-generated content and user profiles. Maintain the moderation and safety guidelines and ensure they are up to date; Participate in the security team to share information necessary to improve security in Woozworld. Regularly give feedback on insights gained from community moderation; Monitor all industry and company information and news to anticipate potential issues. Be responsible for answering user's questions via Woozworld Costumer Service tools, while ensuring to maintain Woozworld’s high level service . Propose technical solutions to users and adapt communications according to the target audience as well as adapting technical explanations appropriately. Offer ideas and be on the lookout for the needs of the platform by proposing changes to improve service. Assume responsibility for reimbursements emitted by the company. Register technical issues and share with developers, testers and project managers, participating in fixing them. Being autonomous with a positive and proactive approach. Ability to effectively communicate information. Good technical understanding and quick learner; Strong organizational and multitasking skills, being able to work on a team or alone Working operational knowledge and understanding of online community platform moderation tools. Good knowledge of principles of customer service. Be a MMO gamer Great knowledge of online legal issues. (An asset); Completed high school diploma. Bilingual is required (Portuguese-English, Portuguese-French) and Spanish is a plus Dynamic and positive attitude as well as team work skills; Passionate about Customer Service Available on-call for remote work to meet platform needs (occasional, if required) Motivated by a fast paced and agile environment; Previous experience on Customer Support in the industry of entertainment or targeting teenagers Experience as a video game tester or online game moderator (an asset). 
ScrapedJobID827:
Develop new exciting games (iOS, Android). The games have mass-market appeal and the potential to be break-out worldwide hits. Work with game-designers to take game-design concepts into technical concepts and technical architecture. Develop features for games, which will include gameplay features, as well as platform related features such as payment, notifications, communication, and networking. Develop multiple features, from gameplay to deeper system-related tasks, depending on your interests and skill set. 5+ years game development experience using the Unity game engine for iOS and Android Proficiency in C#. Must be proactive, able to work independently (half of our team being in a different timezone), and organized Proficient written, verbal communication and analytical skills We work on our games in small teams, so being a team player is essential Familiarity brainstorming a variety of solutions for technical challenges with others Ability to deal with ambiguity, and willingness to help debug difficult issues Experienced in at least one other language, e.g. C++, Objective-C, Java, AS3 (an asset) Experience with MVC, MVP or MVVM patterns (an asset) Knowledge of relational databases and SQL, preferably MySQL (an asset) MegaZebra is a place where you can grow and accelerate your career. Work in a highly creative environment with a super-flat hierarchy Join our office in Montréal. Work with a very experienced and talented group of game-designers and developers at our centrally located office. Experience start-up spirit and the ability to have significant impact, where you’ll get to be a trailblazer in the mobile game industry. Health benefits & competitive salary Flexible vacation policy & paid time off for the winter holidays 
ScrapedJobID828:

ScrapedJobID829:
Monitoring and oversee team activities and day-to-day operations, provide status updates to management Coordinate with other Team Leads to facilitate intra-teams collaboration and with Squad leaders to manage team members’ participation Maintain a supportive and productive team environment, encourage transparent and supportive communications, resolve issues and conflicts, facilitate team building activities, and promote creativity and risk-taking culture Utilize Flutter International tools and techniques such as goal management, performance reviews, mentoring, and coaching to progress team effectiveness within respective areas, and to ensure efficiency in daily activities while meeting delivery initiatives Listen to and provide timely feedback, monitor happiness, satisfaction, and mental wellness, recognize and reward accomplishments of team members Enforce Agile and SDLC best practices with team members Discover learning needs and provide training resources Interview and screen potential candidates to join the team Strong experience in People Leadership role Strong experience in setting and evaluating SMART KPIs goals Capable of being empathetic but also separate themselves and being impartial when dealing with team members’ issues and conflicts Able to delegate tasks and set deadlines and expectations Strong experience and understanding of the Agile approach, modern development/testing/deployment methodologies, and release branching strategies Strong experience with collaboration and documentation tools such as Atlassian Jira and Confluence, Microsoft SharePoint and the Office suite Capable of clear and effective communication, both in written and in verbal form, for providing updates and estimates, collaborating and empowering team members, and contributing to the knowledge repository Quick learner, detail-oriented, excellent planning and time organization, able to self-organize and handle multiple competing priorities Keen interest in the latest technology in the industry related to the development stack Computer Science or Software Engineering academic background or equivalent practical experience Knowledge of different Casino games rules and related domain is a plus Knowledge of probability and statistics concepts is a plus Health and dental insurance for you, your partner and your children (if you all live at the same address) A personal interest allowance to let you learn something new or pursue a hobby Looking to extend your family? You will receive a cash gift of $1,900 for your new addition whilst working for us Discounts on local gyms, restaurants and events Free snacks and catered lunch In-house training and development to develop your skills, progressing your career 
ScrapedJobID830:
Creating rigs for 3D characters Creating custom tools with our programming and animation team Blocking and animating in-game cutscenes Developing systems and tool-sets for artists and developers Significant experience with character animation and rigging Good knowledge of additional art toolsets (3D studio, Maya, etc..) Highly organized and detail-oriented Appetite to learn, grow, and take on increasingly more responsibility Experience with Unity Moderate experience with C# is an asset A portfolio of self-made games Work from anywhere - remote and in-office options Join a world class team eager to learn something new everyday You’ll be equipped with high-end equipment Competitive compensation and benefits Stock Options, Group RRSP and employer matching Generous allowances and perks Uken social nights including mixers, game night, and more - we take entertainment seriously! Convenient location in the heart of downtown Toronto at Front & John St. 
ScrapedJobID831:
Be accountable for designing technical infrastructure, liaising with IT, Security, and other technical groups to ensure all infrastructure needs are met and fully implemented as necessary. Monitor existing infrastructure performance. Identify opportunities to reduce cost, increase performance and capabilities. Ensure infrastructure documentation is always current. Review design as part of the solution design phase to ensure Automation is build according to best practices leveraging reusable components Work with various internal teams and vendors to improve interfaces and extend capabilities. Troubleshoot production issues, determine root causes, recommend potential solutions, and implement the solutions Assist and support Developers to resolve technical problems You have a BSc/BA in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field You have 1-3 Years of Experience as RPA Technical Lead / Solution Architect You have hands-on experience with software development and system administration You have understanding of technical infrastructure, including network communication, server interactions, security features (such as encryption), authentication/authorization systems (e.g., LDAP, AD, SAML, 2FA), virtualization, remoting, and other systems necessary to support an RPA architecture You are familiar with programming languages, operating systems (e.g., Windows, UNIX), API’s and databases (e.g., MySQL) You can prepare, review, revise, and maintain technical documents, including software and systems engineering, system operations, testing, and user documentation. You have excellent communication skills You have problem-solving aptitude You have the ability to rapidly acquire new knowledge, learns new skills, and applies creative thinking to solve problems while understanding the organization’s vision, purpose, and values You have effective planning and organizational skills with the ability to prioritize, organize and complete multiple tasks with high attention to detail 
ScrapedJobID832:
405 Avenue Ogilvy, Montréal, QC H3N 1M3, Canada Employees can work remotely Full-time Department: Code Location: Canada / Montreal Project: Dagger Strong C++ knowledge Minimum 6 years of software engineering experience At least one shipped AAA title developed and delivered from start to finish Knowledge in software design patterns and the ability to design maintainable, extendable, and well-optimized code Strong math skills, specifically good knowledge of linear algebra Expert knowledge in implementing animation requirements as well as maintaining, designing, and improving existing animation systems Strong verbal and written communication skills in English High work ethic and self-motivation Passion for Games Excellent communication skills UE4 knowledge Shipped-title experience Skills in using DCC tools like 3DSmax, Maya, Motion Builder is a plus Competitive salary Personal development opportunities and the possibility to work in a multicultural environment. Work with highly-skilled, senior-level professionals. Being part of a young organization and having a true impact on your daily work. Opportunity to work on innovative, exciting AAA projects with the newest technologies. An informal atmosphere, no dress code, no unwanted formalities 
ScrapedJobID833:

ScrapedJobID834:
Participate in the full development life cycle, including design, implementation, quality testing, and release. Leverage your strengths and interests to work on full feature implementation from high-scale concurrent processes, to security and network traffic, to system development and services APIs. Develop and optimize high-performance data aggregation and analysis pipelines at scale. Gather test data, implement unit tests, develop integration tests, apply testing frameworks, and evaluate end-to-end outcomes. Minimize errors and repetitive human effort with automation. Work in close cooperation with the Product team to deliver innovative solutions, optimize the existing systems, and add new features. Join a growing global engineering team and use your technical skills to drive value and impact business decisions. Ruby on Rails: Popular and proven to help engineers build production systems quickly. Python: Effective choice for engineers and data scientists to implement models quickly. MongoDB: Fast, scalable, and efficient NoSQL database solution. Go: Highly performant for high-throughput, low-latency services. 5+ years of experience as a Software Engineer. Strong foundation in programming, algorithms, and software application design. Solid understanding of RESTful systems and the principles of good API design. Solid knowledge of one or more modern software languages (Go, Scala, Java, C++, C#, Ruby, Python). Interest in working in Sensor Tower Tech Stack. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. System software development. Mobile app development. Knowledge of NoSQL databases. MongoDB, Elasticsearch, Redis. Microservices, Big Data. Docker, Kubernetes, CI/CD. 
ScrapedJobID835:
Creating and joining independent k8s nodes to existing third-party clusters (EKS, KOPS, etc…). There is no documentation on how to accomplish this. We performed lots of reverse engineering and had some great learnings along the way. Exciting! Creating a multi-cloud network to host a single k8s cluster. Dealing with network overlays like IPsec VPNs, Wireguard, VXLANs, etc. Deep networking experience came in handy here. Creating a Kubernetes ephemeral storage driver to work in a multi-cloud environment. Writing our own terraform provider. Creating a highly parallelized engine to manage and reconcile numerous customers' clusters. Delivering a unified API while abstracting implementation of different cloud providers. Managing clusters' access, authentication, and RBAC. testability changeability performance, scaling deployment, compatibility debug-ability, operations GoLang is our language. Kubernetes is our core product. AWS, GCP and Azure are the clouds we currently support. Postgres and cloud object storages for persistence. NATS / PubSub for messaging. GRPC and REST APIs. We use GitLab CI with ArgoCD as our GitOps CD engine. Prometheus, Grafana, Loki and Tempo for observability. Deployment charts are written in Helm. Team of highly skilled professionals to work with and learn from. Impact and visibility. We’re still relatively small, every feature engineers develop is being seen and recognized. Our organization is flat, getting in touch with CEO or CTO is a common practice here. Short feedback loop. We have an obsession with customer satisfaction. The ship features fast and gets instant feedback. Feature projects tend to be completed in 1 to 4 weeks, depending on the scope. Flexible working location and hours. We deliver instead of sitting in the office 8 to 5. Skin in the game. Every engineering member gets a share of the company. Time to focus on work with a minimum overhead of meetings, bureaucracy, etc. 10% time to focus on self-improvement or personal projects. 
ScrapedJobID836:
Develop drivers for existing and upcoming Radeon GPUs. Debug challenging low-level driver, hardware and OS issues. Optimize performance of important 3D graphics content, especially AAA PC games. Collaborate with hardware architects, OS architects, OEM customers, game developers and the open-source community. Participate in a team culture that values open communication and strong commitment to code quality. Excellent programming skills, especially low-level C/C++ Strong problem solving and performance analysis skills General familiarity with 3D graphics and PC architecture Expertise with build system and development tools including make, cmake, git In-depth knowledge of software development practices including debug, test, documentation Strong communication skills are critical Hands-on Direct3D or Vulkan experience Hands-on Windows or Linux/Android driver development experience General familiarity with x86 assembler language and x86/x64 CPU instructions Master’s degree in computer science/engineering or equivalent experience At least three years of relevant industry experience 
ScrapedJobID837:
Maintain and improve existing services which includes actively trying to pay back technical debt and extending their functionality Participate in the design, implementation and testing of new services Investigate and fix performance issues throughout our systems which include our services, dependencies and kernel usage Guide the direction of our technology stack to improve performance, scalability and maintainability Mentor and grow the team through various channels (code review, talks, discussions, etc.) Criticize and improve our development processes and methodologies Contribute to open source software to improve our external dependencies Flesh out and iterate on requirements in collaboration with the product team Get involved in and participate actively in the Scrum ceremonies 5 years of experience as a full-time software engineer 3 years of experience in functional programming or in any of the following languages: Go, C Have a solid foundation in systems programming, computer science and software engineering Collaborative spirit with a willingness to mentor others Curious mind that enjoys building things and appreciating the craftsmanship in software Interest in mentoring, guiding and teaching junior developers; previous experience as a lead with direct reports, an asset Knowledge of/or experience in designing and building high traffic distributed systems is a plus Appetite for learning:
system design and architecture
distributed systems
operating systems, especially the Linux kernel networking stack
advanced data structures (succinct, probabilistic, multidimensional, et cetera)
mechanical sympathy, data-oriented design (performance)
functional programming
agile methodologies such as Scrum system design and architecture distributed systems operating systems, especially the Linux kernel networking stack advanced data structures (succinct, probabilistic, multidimensional, et cetera) mechanical sympathy, data-oriented design (performance) functional programming agile methodologies such as Scrum You enjoy reading code, and you're in the habit of reading the source for your dependencies 100% Company-paid comprehensive health & dental coverage, access to a virtual care platform (wellness, medical & nutrition), employee assistance program and Personal & Healthcare spending account with Sun Life Competitive compensation package, including performance incentive bonus plan based on company, team and personal objectives Generous vacation days with additional flex days Group RRSP Matching Program up to 5% Monthly virtual social committee-lead activities (games night, happy hour, health challenges, etc.) Virtual companies get togethers (demo days, Town Halls, and more!) & yoga once per week Open source days for software engineers Employee Referral Program Perkopolis website with great rebates, coupons and promotions Amazing discounts through Samsung Employee Discounts website 
ScrapedJobID838:
Work closely with the Art Director and a team of artists and level designers to assemble and detail game environments. Create visually appealing, realistic 3D models of natural and architectural elements based on concept art and photo reference. Work within budgets while hitting key timelines. Troubleshoot technical and artistic issues. Communicate effectively with team members, production and management to ensure that project goals and deadlines are met. Deliver environments that adhere to strict performance targets. Evaluate software, tech and tools to help identify opportunities for pipeline improvement. Have creative ownership over large sections of an environment. Contribute to high quality look development with the goal of setting the bar. Able to prioritize and delegate tasks to junior members of the art team. Help train and mentor more junior artists. 5+ years of experience creating high-quality 3D architecture, environments, and levels for AAA games. Ability to execute highly detailed, photo realistic environments, helping to set the bar for other artists at the studio. Receive, give, and apply feedback effectively while maintaining a positive attitude. Highly proficient in Maya or 3ds Max, Photoshop and Substance Painter. Strong understanding of lighting, color and scene composition. Advanced understanding of physically based material creation, with preference given to those who are adept in material creation. Proficient in next-gen asset creation. Experience with a level editor. (i.e. Unreal, Unity, Frostbite, Radiant, etc.) Self-driven, dedicated to advancing your craft, and eager to learn new techniques and software. You are passionate about games; take pride in everything you do and have a positive attitude. 2+ AAA games shipped Foundation in traditional art with ability of concepting ideas. Additional experience in lighting, VFX, design, etc. Exceptional visual and technical understanding of 3D modeling and texturing. Proficient in Zbrush Understanding of photogrammetry processes and workflows. Architecture, photography, photogrammetry or cinematography experience. 
ScrapedJobID839:
You are curious, you love learning, sharing ideas, and tackling problems. You have a natural inclination for shipping and iterating at high velocity. You can step back and appreciate the value of recognizing a mistake. You care. About ideas, solving hard problems, and about our team’s success. You have a strong comprehension of the SaaS development lifecycle. You are passionate about strong architecture. You are obsessive about the quality of your work (and the work of your teammates). You have autonomy in your ability to manage and prioritize your tasks, with an innate ability to shift gears when required. You are a sponge when it comes to learning, and excel even when outside your comfort zone. You have strong software design skills and are open to receive feedback and iterate collaboratively over your designs. Achieve a deep understanding of the problems we’re tackling, our business model, and our product. Develop software solutions by studying information needs; conferring with stakeholders; studying systems flow, data usage, and work processes; investigating problem areas; following the software development lifecycle. Familiarize yourself with our technology architecture - Currently, microservices on a modern C# / .NET async/await stack, REST APIs, Javascript/TypeScript, MySQL, Elasticsearch, SASS, much ado about caching, AWS, and even some leftover PHP (which is on the way out) Continuously ship new features for our applications, helping with the bridge between the backend and frontend, stopping by middleware along the way ;) Determine operational feasibility by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development and proposed solutions. Document and demonstrate solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code. Improve operations by conducting analysis and recommending changes in processes. Stay up-to-date with state-of-the-art development tools, programming techniques, and computing equipment. Participate in educational opportunities, reading professional publications, and maintaining personal networks to stay on the leading edge of development practices. Protect operations by keeping information confidential and provide a secure coding methodology. Support and mentor software engineers by providing advice, coaching, and educational opportunities. Follow and improve company coding standards, and coach junior and mid-level engineers to follow them. Collaborate with the team to brainstorm and create new products and features and provide ETAs. Make informed decisions quickly and take ownership of services and applications at scale. Top benefits package including 100% extended health and dental. Games at lunch are a tradition. All required work from home equipment will be provided. 80% coverage for transit subsidy (for those interested in returning to the office) Annual training and professional development coverage to help advance your career. Spotify premium account with actual recording studio-grade headphones. 
ScrapedJobID840:
Work with, and inform, leadership to shape the technical implementation and architecture or key client services in the pipeline Help leadership to track progress and outcomes, and provide key insight when a change of direction is needed Contribute to the design and implementation of the Pipeline infrastructure, tools, processes, and automation. Design and/or contribute to tools for conforming, composition, and exchange across stages of production, departments, authoring and consumption environments Mentor, support and enable production TDs to help resolve issues and solve problems Contribute to developer facing or user facing documentation as applicable. Operate as a domain specialist and point person for multiple teams or projects when applicable Houdini C++, Python, VEX, hscript HDK, HOM, SOHO, HDA Strong familiarity with the PDG context Strong familiarity with the Solaris Stage context and USD layering concepts. Deep familiarity with all aspects of Houdini's native geometry representation, both flat and packed, and including volumes. Experience creating the principal HDK plugin types: Obj, Sop, Vex Experience with the APIs for the principal 3rd-party geometry formats supported by Houdini: Alembic, VDB, USD, FBX Proven experience in a high end VFX or AAA Game setting Proven experience spent directly in a graphics, pipeline or tool development role STEM Degree or demonstrable equivalent knowledge; as related to problem solving, analysis, and system design Late intermediate to advanced knowledge of the Python and C++ languages and development environments. Additional languages like Scala, JavaScript, Go, and Java a plus. Some experience with one or more of our other principal DCCs: Maya, Nuke, Substance, Mari, in that order of importance. Experience with relational databases and SQL, with specific knowledge of Shotgun a plus. Experience with Qt (PyQt, PySide) and QML, with other web-based or cross-platform GUI/UX toolkits/frameworks a plus. Deep understanding and experience with the Linux operating system, and competency with Windows, including all their associated shell scripting and run-time environments. Experience and vision around the structuring, estimating and implmenting large Pipeline projects Experience with structured development operations (agile, ticketing, reportage, version control etc.) Understanding of, and the ability to operate in a structured DevOps context Familiarity with modern structured development practices, documentation needs, and the tools that support them is very important. Highly committed and able to transition between independent work and team participation. Good communicator with the willingness and ability to mentor and guide others when required. Self sufficient and a good self-starter attitude with an emphasis on learning, sharing and mentoring team members. Organized and methodical with an ability to communicate efficiently within a global technical team. DevOps related experience Knowledge of a game engine, operation and/or development (Unreal preferred) 
ScrapedJobID841:
Create high quality final 3D models (both high poly/low poly), environments, props and basic animations Creating prototype models and effects for visual development of scenes in VR Creating shaders and lighting 3D environments Effectively collaborate and communicate with the team (Creative, Design, Tech and QA) A solid portfolio demonstrating your versatility with modeling, texturing & lighting Ability to collaborate and incorporate feedback from design, art or technical direction Proficiency in art packages including as Maya/Blender, ZBrush, Substance Painter, & Photoshop Experience creating low-poly art for a shipped title Experience working with video editing and exporting in Adobe Premiere Experience using VR art tools such as Medium and Tiltbrush Experience creating concept art, storyboards, and storytelling experience maps Experience developing for past virtual reality projects 
ScrapedJobID842:

ScrapedJobID843:
Building tools and services, contributing to our PaaS compute options (Kubernetes, Chef & VM, Serverless). Making access to AWS/GCP services simple and effective. Ensure service scalability through effective code and data storage design. Build prototypes and proof-of-concepts as part of coming up with strong direction for a scalable, fault-tolerant infrastructure. Design, implement, test, and maintain scalable services that are capable of handling real-time and batch processing of thousands of requests. Experience with building backend for large scale applications using Node.js, Python and/or Golang. Experience with designing and developing REST APIs, authentication and securing APIs, asynchronous programming, databases and realtime mobile backends. Deploying and maintaining scalable applications on a cloud platform (AWS/Google Cloud Platform). Experience with DevOps standard methodologies and technologies including but not limited to Kubernetes, Docker and other CI/CD tools. Experience crafting web servers, CDNs and caching solutions with expertise in building micro services. Experience with C#, Unity's engine and related tools. Experience working with AWS, specifically S3, DynamoDB and ECS Master's degree in Computer Science, or equivalent engineering experience. 
ScrapedJobID844:
Work with, and inform, leadership to shape the technical implementation and architecture or key client services in the pipeline Help leadership to track progress and outcomes, and provide key insight when a change of direction is needed Contribute to the design and implementation of the Pipeline infrastructure, tools, processes, and automation. Design and/or contribute to tools for conforming, composition, and exchange across stages of production, departments, authoring and consumption environments Mentor, support and enable production TDs to help resolve issues and solve problems Contribute to developer facing or user facing documentation as applicable. Operate as a domain specialist and point person for multiple teams or projects when applicable Houdini C++, Python, VEX, hscript HDK, HOM, SOHO, HDA Strong familiarity with the PDG context Strong familiarity with the Solaris Stage context and USD layering concepts. Deep familiarity with all aspects of Houdini's native geometry representation, both flat and packed, and including volumes. Experience creating the principal HDK plugin types: Obj, Sop, Vex Experience with the APIs for the principal 3rd-party geometry formats supported by Houdini: Alembic, VDB, USD, FBX Proven experience in a high end VFX or AAA Game setting Proven experience spent directly in a graphics, pipeline or tool development role STEM Degree or demonstrable equivalent knowledge; as related to problem solving, analysis, and system design Late intermediate to advanced knowledge of the Python and C++ languages and development environments. Additional languages like Scala, JavaScript, Go, and Java a plus. Some experience with one or more of our other principal DCCs: Maya, Nuke, Substance, Mari, in that order of importance. Experience with relational databases and SQL, with specific knowledge of Shotgun a plus. Experience with Qt (PyQt, PySide) and QML, with other web-based or cross-platform GUI/UX toolkits/frameworks a plus. Deep understanding and experience with the Linux operating system, and competency with Windows, including all their associated shell scripting and run-time environments. Experience and vision around the structuring, estimating and implmenting large Pipeline projects Experience with structured development operations (agile, ticketing, reportage, version control etc.) Understanding of, and the ability to operate in a structured DevOps context Familiarity with modern structured development practices, documentation needs, and the tools that support them is very important. Highly committed and able to transition between independent work and team participation. Good communicator with the willingness and ability to mentor and guide others when required. Self sufficient and a good self-starter attitude with an emphasis on learning, sharing and mentoring team members. Organized and methodical with an ability to communicate efficiently within a global technical team. DevOps related experience Knowledge of a game engine, operation and/or development (Unreal preferred) 
ScrapedJobID845:
Create high quality final 3D models (both high poly/low poly), environments, props and basic animations Creating prototype models and effects for visual development of scenes in VR Creating shaders and lighting 3D environments Effectively collaborate and communicate with the team (Creative, Design, Tech and QA) A solid portfolio demonstrating your versatility with modeling, texturing & lighting Ability to collaborate and incorporate feedback from design, art or technical direction Proficiency in art packages including as Maya/Blender, ZBrush, Substance Painter, & Photoshop Experience creating low-poly art for a shipped title Experience working with video editing and exporting in Adobe Premiere Experience using VR art tools such as Medium and Tiltbrush Experience creating concept art, storyboards, and storytelling experience maps Experience developing for past virtual reality projects 
ScrapedJobID846:

ScrapedJobID847:
Building tools and services, contributing to our PaaS compute options (Kubernetes, Chef & VM, Serverless). Making access to AWS/GCP services simple and effective. Ensure service scalability through effective code and data storage design. Build prototypes and proof-of-concepts as part of coming up with strong direction for a scalable, fault-tolerant infrastructure. Design, implement, test, and maintain scalable services that are capable of handling real-time and batch processing of thousands of requests. Experience with building backend for large scale applications using Node.js, Python and/or Golang. Experience with designing and developing REST APIs, authentication and securing APIs, asynchronous programming, databases and realtime mobile backends. Deploying and maintaining scalable applications on a cloud platform (AWS/Google Cloud Platform). Experience with DevOps standard methodologies and technologies including but not limited to Kubernetes, Docker and other CI/CD tools. Experience crafting web servers, CDNs and caching solutions with expertise in building micro services. Experience with C#, Unity's engine and related tools. Experience working with AWS, specifically S3, DynamoDB and ECS Master's degree in Computer Science, or equivalent engineering experience. 
ScrapedJobID848:
We create and maintain software tools that are used by all game development disciplines to support the creation of all Rockstar Games projects. These software tools range from digital content exporters, a data processing asset pipeline to game, CI/CD automation systems and UI editors. Our UI roles are focused on developing and maintaining a set of data visualisation and editing tools that our content creators and developers work with every day to build the game and its world. Work within the Tools team on creating new, as well as maintaining existing user interface applications within an established codebase. Implement tasks to specification defined by the Lead Tools programmers. A degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or equivalent. Strong .NET/C# skills. Strong WPF (or another UI desktop framework) skills. Strong math skills. Strong team communication skills. Ability to work within a team. Ability to work within a schedule and deliver effectively to deadlines. Games industry experience working on AAA titles. Familiarity with at least one current or next-gen asset pipeline. Familiarity with at least one digital content creation package. Prior experience with Qt and/or WinForms. 
ScrapedJobID849:
Advise engineering teams on security risks and best practices Lead critical and regular security releases Lead application security reviews and threat modelling, including code review and dynamic testing Lead in development of automated security testing to validate that secure coding best practices are being used Design, architect, and implement defensive security controls across services Develop security metrics Identify threats and develop suitable defense measures, evaluate system changes for security implications, and recommend enhancements. Perform in-depth security audits of program source code Perform proactive research to detect new attack vectors and pentest internal and external apps Perform penetration testing of our software and remediate issues found Investigate network protocols, memory dumps and file systems. Instrument and debug software programs dynamically and identify root cause of program crashes. Review source code of applications and services for vulnerabilities when required Review, improve and maintain static and dynamic application security tests in our CI/CD pipeline Ensure all dependencies are monitored for security vulnerabilities and updated in a timely manner Run periodic application security assessments and write reports for internal and external use Stay on top of vulnerability management and patch management Assist with our Responsible Disclosure Program Support external security programs, such as audits, compliance and penetration testing Conduct Security Training & Outreach trainings when requested Software development experience writing or maintaining applications Experience with scripting languages. Ruby and Ruby on Rails is preferred Experience with Vulnerability and Patch Management (including dependency management) Experience with Identity and Access Management methods and systems Deep understanding of how the network and web protocols such as TCP, UDP, HTTP, HTTPS, DNS, routing and IPSEC work Knowledge of security frameworks such as OAuth, SAML, OpenID Experience with OWASP, static/dynamic analysis, and common security tools. You know the OWASP top 10 like the back of your hand A knack for finding flaws in software and can efficiently communicate how to fix them Ability to communicate effectively with technical and non-technical members Ability to solve challenging problems A keen eye for detail whether it’s code, spelling or something else entirely Ability to take a stand yet commit even when you disagree Experience with AWS networking and security tooling Experience with Incident Handling and Response Industry certifications (e.g. OSCO, CISSP, CCSP, etc.) Experience contributing to the open-source community 
ScrapedJobID850:
Engage with fellow developers through active participation in code reviews, design Dedication to an iterative development process driven by the goal to continuously Develop clean, maintainable, and documented solutions Collaborate with backend engineering teams through traces, metrics, and Deploy applications regularly adhering to studio standards and best practices Participate in requirements gathering to inform design and development Participate in user observation studies to be regularly evaluating how users work and Follow standard UX design methodologies throughout the development process Proficiency in modern web application features,design goals, and architecture (i.e. Web Expertise with modern frameworks, standards, technologies used in front end web Experience with micro-services architecture Strong communication, collaboration, and problem solving skills Experience working closely with UX design teams and backend development teams Experience with testing frameworks (i.e. Cypress) Production experience in computer animation, visual effects, or game industry A portfolio of user interface samples that demonstrates skill and passion Experience with Node.js, Express, and building JS modules using technologies such as NPM We are a company built on positive relationships and collaboration, and you will have the opportunity to build strong business relationships while acting as a specialist in Product Management. You will manage multiple business relationships and collaborate with people from both corporate and field. This is an opportunity to work independently, in a fast-paced environment, and lead projects. 
ScrapedJobID851:
Working individually or within a small group to integrate third party SDKs for next generation hardware and software platforms Implementing new technologies and features into the Unity engine that support AR and VR Daily writing of fast maintainable code in C++ and C# Writing automated tests around new or existing functionality; partnering closely with embedded QA to establish standard methodologies, investigation of issues, and quality of code written Participate in ongoing meetings with 3rd party partners for project planning, status meetings, QA updates Computer Science degree or equivalent experience and software development experience Advanced C/C++ skills, C# development experience Passion to learn and grow and is able to quickly adapt to new technologies and tasks Performance-minded development and cross platform development experience 3D Math understanding Prior development experience with AR/VR runtimes such as OpenXR, Oculus, WinMR, Magic Leap, etc. Methodical and investigative disposition Experience using Unity's engine and tool Implanter dans le moteur Unity les nouvelles technologies et fonctionnalités qui prennent en charge le XR Collaborer avec les autres équipes composant le groupe XR, afin d'offrir aux développeurs des expériences cohérentes et conviviales Travailler individuellement ou au sein d'un petit groupe à l'intégration de SDK tiers pour les plateformes matérielles et logicielles de la prochaine génération Assurer la qualité en étudiant les problèmes signalés, en participant à des révisions de code et en participant à des réunions continues relatives à la planification du projet, à des réunions d'état et à des mises à jour en matière d'assurance qualité Rédiger des tests automatisés portant sur des fonctionnalités nouvelles ou existantes; travailler en étroite collaboration avec le service d'assurance qualité intégré afin d'établir les meilleures pratiques, de résoudre les problèmes et d'assurer la qualité du code produit Une expérience en RA/RV Une expérience avérée en matière de gestion de projets et un intérêt pour la gestion de l'architecture technique d'un système Des compétences avancées en langage C/C++ Une expérience de développement avec C# Une compréhension des mathématiques appliquées à la 3D Une expérience préalable du développement sur Android et/ou iOS Une maîtrise avancée du langage C# Une passion pour les technologies de l'avenir 
ScrapedJobID852:
Test games and software to find bugs Follow test plans and checklists set by Test Leads to ensure the game functions correctly Report bugs into tracking database Re-test bugs once they’re fixed by developers Collaborate with colleagues, Senior Testers and Test Leads Provide subjective feedback on the game or software being tested Good command of the English language, verbal and written Great observational skills and attention to detail Basic knowledge of Google or Microsoft’s office suites Team player that excels in a diverse, collaborative, and fast pace environment Flexibility with availability and schedule Knowledge of multiple operating systems and bug tracking databases is a plus Experience with Mobile Gaming is a plus Experience with Video Game Testing an asset Functional French language skills and asset Competitive salary and paid training Potential to convert into a permanent position and/or growth opportunities depending on business needs and performance Paid accrued vacation and paid accrued sick time Access to our Employee Assistance Program for you and your immediate family Fun, diverse, inclusive and collaborative work environment with regular team-bonding and corporate activities/events including free coffee/snacks Work for the pre-eminent global provider of specialist services to the games industry and test unreleased video games and software Tester des jeux et des logiciels pour trouver des bogues Suivre les plans de test et les listes de contrôle fixés par le chef d’équipe pour s'assurer que le jeu fonctionne correctement Signaler les bogues dans la base de données de suivi Re-tester des bogues une fois qu'ils sont corrigés par les développeurs Collaborer avec des collègues, des testeurs seniors et des chefs de test Fournir des commentaires subjectifs sur le jeu ou le logiciel testé Au moins 6 mois d’expérience avec les tests de jeux vidéo Bonne maîtrise de la langue anglaise, verbale et écrite Grandes compétences d'observation et attention aux détails Connaissance de base de Google/Microsoft Joueur d'équipe qui excelle dans un environnement diversifié, collaboratif et rapide Flexibilité avec disponibilité et calendrier Compétences fonctionnelles Français linguistiques La connaissance de plusieurs systèmes d'exploitation et bases de données de suivi des bogues est un plus Expérience avec des jeux mobiles est un atout Tester des jeux vidéo et des logiciels inédits Salaire compétitif, formation rémunérée et café gratuit Potentiel d'ouvertures permanentes à temps plein avec des opportunités de croissance Programme d'aide aux employés pour vous et votre famille immédiate (conjoint, enfants, parents, frères et sœurs) Emplacement de bureau près du métro au cœur du hub de jeu de Mile End Environnement de travail amusant, diversifié et collaboratif 
ScrapedJobID853:
Collaborate with your team to define test scope and strategy Test the projects and run test suite passes Identify inconsistencies and opportunities for improvement within the QA process. Experience testing on one or multiple platforms, such as AR/VR, iOS, Android, Windows or Web platforms Ability to break down bugs into their core repeatable components Proficiency in Java, C#, Python or Javascript Experience in developing and implementing test plans and test scripts Craft and develop automated software to test applications on a number of platforms 
ScrapedJobID854:
Designing and implementing the next generation of software and asset distribution for the Unity ecosystem. Develop editor and server components to help deploy and handle software and content for game artisans. Work closely with local team members and with Unity teams around the world to help bring the Unity Ecosystem closer to the editor and provide outstanding initial experience to the users. Comprehensive understanding of application development techniques and theories Extensive experience in designing and developing enterprise grade software Proficient development using Javascript and Node.js environment Knowledge of C#. Knowledge of C++ is a plus Experience with multithreading and concurrency Experience with package management systems, continuous integration/deployment environment, automated testing and/or content creation/Authoring software product development experience Experience with the Unity platform Knowledge of NPM, NUGET package managers Concevoir et implémenter la prochaine génération de logiciels et de distribution de ressources pour l'écosystème Unity. Développer les composantes de l'éditeur et du serveur afin d'aider à déployer et à gérer le logiciel et le contenu pour les artisans des jeux vidéo. Travailler étroitement avec les membres des équipes locales et mondiales, afin d'aider à rapprocher l'écosystème Unity de l'éditeur et de fournir une remarquable expérience de départ aux utilisateurs. Connaissance approfondie des techniques et des théories de développement d'applications Longue expérience de conception et de développement d'un logiciel d'entreprise Maîtrise du développement avec JavaScript et les technologies de développement Web Connaissance de C#. La reconnaissance de C++ est un atout Expérience avec le traitement multifil et l'accès simultané Expérience avec des systèmes de gestion des paquets, expérience dans un environnement d'intégration et de déploiement en continu et de tests automatisés et/ou expérience en conception de produits logiciels de création et d'écriture de contenu Expérience avec la plateforme Unity Connaissance des gestionnaires de paquets NPM et NUGET 
ScrapedJobID855:
Participate in architectural design, review, and implementation of production-quality features Assist in effectively diagnosing and troubleshooting problems within the platform Work in our agile development process to design and implement features Participate in effort and complexity estimation for proposed product features and tasks Lead medium-large feature projects from conception to completion, working with stakeholders to identify project risks and recommend mitigating solutions Mentor other developers and perform code reviews in a distributed environment Are experienced in Native, Flutter, or Xamarin mobile app development, and familiar with version control systems like Git Have 5+ years of experience in building Native Android and/or iOS mobile applications that make use of RESTful services or GraphQL APIs, from inception to launch Have familiarity with using relational databases and/ or NoSQL databases Are comfortable with design patterns (such as MV*, BLoC, and CQRS) Have knowledge of threading, thread marshalling, and memory management on mobile operating systems Are experienced in building and maintaining CI/CD pipelines for mobile applications Have hands-on experience with the release process of the mobile apps in the app stores Explored or implemented white labelling solutions for mobile applications Shipped one or more public-facing, production-quality mobile apps from start to finish Have experience working with GraphQL as a backend language Have experience shipping production apps with the Flutter mobile framework Possess advanced knowledge of and experience in data modeling Previously worked for a SaaS company Be part of a team of incredibly talented, passionate, and driven people focused on building and innovating on a best-in-class learning platform Make an impact with your work—each person has an equal opportunity to contribute to our goals and every day, we get to see how Thinkific is empowering both course creators and their students Join one of the fastest-growing companies in Canada and find opportunities to grow in your own career—offering advancement opportunities for our team members is important to us! Contribute to Thinkific's award-winning culture—we're one of Canada's Most Admired Corporate Cultures and a certified Great Place to Work! We offer competitive salaries, a comprehensive benefits package including health, dental, vision, and mental health coverage, and an Employee and Family Assistance Program to support the wellbeing of you and your family Whether you're at our Vancouver HQ or working from home, you'll have the opportunity to build meaningful relationships with Thinkers on your team and across the company through team-wide events, meet and greets with new team members, and regular social events Have fun with our team, even while we're working remotely—join us for an online games session, virtual trivia and paint nights, at-home fitness challenges, or even an online coffee brewing demo! Get additional health and wellness support through a lifestyle or health spending account to put your dollars where you need it most, whether that's subsidizing your gym membership, covering out-of-pocket expenses, or getting new gear Enjoy our open vacation policy and flexible work environment, because we know the importance of having a great work-life balance (and sometimes, you do your best work in slippers) Learn and Grow is one of our values and we take it seriously, providing opportunities through lunch and learns, training, workshops, mentorship, and our $1500 education allowance Grow your career AND your family at Thinkific—you'll be taken care of with our parental leave top-ups as you add to your family Meet the many @dogsofthinkific (and yes, they're as cute and cuddly as they look) Work with the hardware you're most comfortable with, and upgrade or replace your system when you need to with our technology bonus Get set up for success, whether that's at the office or at home. Whether you need a monitor, laptop stand, keyboard, mouse, or even a desk, we'll work to ensure you have what you need to do your best work Be confident bringing your whole self to work—we're proud to be an inclusive company with a diverse team and values grounded in ethics and equality Here at Thinkific, we know that the different perspectives on our team have led to amazing ideas, more innovation, and, ultimately, our success as a company. Our team welcomes applicants of all backgrounds, experiences, beliefs, identities, and statuses. Whoever you are—we can't wait to meet you! 
ScrapedJobID856:
Are you happiest when you’re taking all the pieces and making them work together without a hitch with rock-solid code? Would you like to build across the full range of functionality of our global infrastructure as well as get opportunities to do technical design and architecture? Are you excited about creating efficient tools and streamlined development experiences for our team? Implement solutions that solve complicated challenges around performance, scaling, and security while instrumenting services to provide high quality insight into emerging issues Design and develop applications, system to system interfaces and complete software solutions, perform vendor-related activities, and create documentation such as user guides and software development guides Refine and enhance the development process used within our teams to drive improvements to development efficiency As a developer, you will manage your own time when accomplishing project goals and are encouraged to grow your skills with continual learning, workshops, conferences, and talks. Leadership is technical, meetings are short As an operator, you will manage colonies of servers across multiple environments and regions, deploying updates, migrating databases, and architecting self-healing infinitely scaling services Demonstrated software development experience in a professional development setting Java experience, or experience with at least one object-oriented language such as Java, C#, C++, Python, or Scala with some prior experience with Java Knowledge of testing frameworks and source control systems Experience designing, developing, and implementing scalable and resilient restful API services Experience with building and managing software packages and/or server images Experience in managing servers, networks, and infrastructure with broad knowledge of the following: Linux, networking, servers, virtualization, security, availability, resiliency, redundancy, alerting, and monitoring Familiarity with building scalable distributed data processing and visualization tools Strong problem solving, algorithm design, and complexity analysis skills Exceptional communication, both written and spoken Experience writing documentation and creating diagrams Experience working with cloud-based server environments Experience with AWS services such as EC2, S3, RDS, Kinesis, SQS, SNS, etc. or other cloud providers Familiarity with infrastructure as code tools such as CloudFormation or Terraform Familiarity with DevOps tools such as Packer, Vagrant, Vault, and Consul Familiarity with monitoring tools such as Graphite, Influx, Statsd, Kibana and Logstash Familiarity with databases, such as Redis, Cassandra, Elasticsearch, MySQL, or Postgres Bachelor of Computer Science, equivalent degree or equivalent work experience An interest in fraud detection and security 
ScrapedJobID857:
We are building a state of the art platform to enable our network of data scientists and resellers to create hundreds of jupyter notebooks that can analyze immense amounts of data and produce real-time results to the user through customized dashboarding. Running thousands of notebooks at a time can be taxing on a system, so the magic we have running under the hood is what you and your team will own, operate, and iterate on. Improving and designing our SDK that lets developers create notebooks, visualizations and automation for their end-users. Python 3 (Tornado, Celery, Pandas) Java 8/11 (Spring Boot) Node.js (nest/graphql) Microservices hosted on AWS EKS, Fargate, Lambda Orchestration with AWS Step Functions & SNS/SQS AWS EMR (Presto, Spark, Hadoop) AWS Aurora, DynamoDB, S3 Angular 11 GitHub monorepo for our source code LucidChart for diagrams & collaboration JIRA to manage our backlog Our devs prefer to use IntelliJ (IDEA/PyCharm) We use GSuite (mail, drive, meet, docs, sheets, etc.) Slack Contribute to the codebase to help deliver product features on our roadmap Create prototypes and software design proposals based on product requirements Champion accepted proposals into production Facilitate technical design discussions within the team Research and break down large initiatives into iterative coding tasks Build upon our best practices and coding standards Participate in code reviews to ensure code quality Share knowledge, and provide mentorship to the team Automates the boring stuff. You take humans out of the equation where you can Thrives in ambiguity. With innovation, there is often no straight answer Driven by continuous innovation. You stay up to date with tech trends Action-oriented. When you see a problem you help solve it Transparent by nature. You are clear about the challenges you face Strengthened by peer feedback. You continuously grow and improve yourself Empathetic and lack an ego. You are team-oriented rather than a lone wolf A seeker of efficiency. You improve processes that help us work better, faster & smarter 
ScrapedJobID858:
Mettre en place les outils et environnements spécifiques pour la localisation ; Identifier et extraire le contenu localisable de formats complexes ; Exploiter les chaînes de caractères issues des mémoires de traduction et autres traductions antérieures ; Assurer la conversion finale des données localisées et traduites vers leurs formats originaux ; Se charger de la résolution des problèmes survenant lors de la production, notamment durant la procédure de traduction ; Collaborer à concevoir, implanter et documenter de nouvelles procédures en ingénierie logicielle ; Aider l’équipe de localisation interne à répondre aux questions des traducteurs externes et participer aux efforts de tests lorsque nécessaire. Études collégiales en informatique ou expérience équivalente ; Maîtrise d'expressions régulières complexes (RegEx), notamment des procédés relatifs aux chaînes de caractères complexes ; Maîtrise de divers langages de programmation (VBA est un atout) et de balisage (XML, JSON, XLIFF) ; Bonne connaissance de la suite Office (principalement Excel), d’outils de traduction (tel que memoQ), et d’Unreal Engine 4 et Unity sont des atouts ; La maîtrise des problématiques et procédures en localisation multilingue (gestion des divers codages de caractères, orientation du texte, filtres et autres manipulations) est un atout ; Bonne aptitude à résoudre des problèmes en alliant de solides compétences analytiques à un penchant pour l'élaboration de solutions créatives ; Esprit d'équipe ; Sens de l'organisation et bonne gestion du temps ; Conscience des enjeux d'une industrie de service, notamment en se montrant capable de soutenir efficacement les ressources internes afin de satisfaire aux exigences de la clientèle. Anglais courant. Set up specific tools and environments for localization; Identify and extract localizable content from complex formats; Use character strings from translation memories and other previous translations; Ensure the final conversion of localized and translated data to their original formats; Be responsible for resolving problems arising during production, especially during the translation process; Collaborate in designing, implementing and documenting new software engineering procedures; Help the internal localization team answer questions from external translators and participate in testing efforts when necessary. College studies in computer science or equivalent experience; Proficiency in complex regular expressions (RegEx), in particular procedures relating to complex character strings; Proficiency in various programming languages (VBA is an asset) and markup (XML, JSON, XLIFF); Good knowledge of the Office suite (mainly Excel), translation tools (such as memoQ), and Unreal Engine 4 and Unity are assets; Mastery of multilingual localization issues and procedures (management of various character encodings, text orientation, filters and other manipulations) is an asset; Good problem solving skills that combine strong analytical skills with a penchant for developing creative solutions; Team spirit ; sense of organization and good time management; Awareness of the challenges of a service industry, in particular by showing yourself capable of effectively supporting internal resources in order to meet customer requirements. Fluent in English 
ScrapedJobID859:
Développer un client frontend utilisant PHP MVC frameworks, CSS, JavaScript, MySQL et Redis incluant la gestion d’intégration avec d’autres applications Être capable d’intervenir de manière autonome sur les APIs backend Développement logiciel/programmation back-end et front-end Participer activement à l’analyse de la faisabilité technique et opérationnelle des projets Participer à toutes les phases opérationnelles des projets: architecture, développement, tests, déploiement et livraison Comprendre la technologie ‘’Docker’’ qui sera utilisée dès le début du développement jusqu’à la mise en production Comprendre la logique ‘’DevOps’’ et l’automatisation des processus de développement et de test Toute autre tâche connexe Au moins 3ans d’expérience en tant que développeur/développeuse PHP Fullstack Expertise avec MySQL et PHP Connaissance avancée de CSS, JS, HTML5 Capacité à gérer des projets de concept non-MVC (pur PHP) Avoir un esprit d’équipe Etre autonome et organisé.e Être débrouillard·e et avoir une excellente capacité de résolution de problème Faire preuve de rigueur, de gestion du temps et des demandes Excellentes aptitudes à la communication (la maîtrise du français et de l'anglais est un atout) Heures de travail flexibles Salaire de base très compétitif Politique de télétravail flexible Assurances collectives complètes offertes à 100% Jours de vacances et de maladie avantageuses dès le 1er jour Un environnement de travail stimulant, une ambiance décontractée ainsi qu’une salle à manger toute équipée avec café à volonté Une salle de sport et de jeux sur place Activités de groupe – barbecue, vendredi pizza, 5@7, billard, karting, etc. (hors pandémie) Develop a frontend client using PHP MVC frameworks, CSS, MySQL and Redis including integration management with other applications Being able to work independently on backend APIs Back-end and front-end software development/programming Actively participate in the analysis of the technical and operational feasibility of projects Participate in all operational phases of projects: architecture, development, testing, deployment and delivery Understand the Docker technology that will be used from the beginning of the development to the production Understand the ''DevOps'' logic and the automation of development and testing processes Any other related tasks At least 3years as a Fullstack PHP developer Expertise in MySQL and PHP Advance knowledge of CSS, JS, HTML5 Ability to manage non-MVC concept projects (pure PHP) Team Spirit Autonomy and organization Be resourceful and have excellent problem-solving skills Demonstrate rigor and time management abilities Be result driven Have excellent communication skills (having both French & English is a plus) Flexible working hours Competitive salary Flexible work from home policy A flat hierarchy that fosters communication between everyone Work alongside an international team comprised of industry experts Full group insurance offered at 100% Advantageous vacation and sick days from day 1 A stimulating work environment, a relaxed atmosphere as well as a fully equipped dining room with unlimited coffee On-site gym, ping-pong table and games Many group activities: on-site barbecues, pizza days, 5@7, billiards, karting, etc. (Post pandemic) 
ScrapedJobID860:

ScrapedJobID861:
Permanent full-time contract Montreal Office: 3 Place Ville Marie, Suite 400 - Montreal, QC H3B 2E3, with a smooth remote work policy (up to 3 days a week) Pre-sales: Onboarding: Follow up: Support: Product optimisation: Team Project What we offer* Huge impact. AB Tasty is only as great as our team. By ensuring our clients' satisfaction, you’ll have a direct impact on the company’s success. No micromanaging. Be the owner of your effort - you’ll be one of the team and fully trusted to take responsibility of your tasks. You’ll have every incentive to make a real impact. International reach. Our audience is wildly international, and our team is too. Although our HQ is located in France, our company language is English. Continuous education. We offer many opportunities for each employee to learn and grow from a mix of professional and non professional topics (a few examples of our permanent or latest classes: French lessons, blockchain, coding lessons, mental health coaching, vegan cooking, …). Unique career opportunity. By joining a fast-growing company that’s making waves in the tech industry, you’ll have a wonderful chance to enhance your learning and advance in your career faster than you ever thought possible. Lots. Of. Fun. Our incredible magic makers organize awesome events, such as team games, drinks, yoga classes, parties, and a company-wide retreat every year with employees from all countries gathering for 2 days of fun. Remote working, flexible schedule. This isn’t a “clock in, clock out” company. We care about your productivity, not tracking every minute you’re on site. It’s up to you to always be responsible for your work, no matter where you are or what schedule you’re keeping. Time for yourself. After a year within AB Tasty, we offer you a day off during which we simply ask you to think about your career expectations with us. It's not always easy to find time for introspection and to envision what path can lead us to a happy career so we offer a Retreat Day as an opportunity to reflect on that. We not only aim to succeed, but also to make you succeed. Proficiency in English. Effective communication is one of the key aspects of this job. That’s why you need to read, write, and speak fluently in English. Other languages are a plus! A bit of experience. In client-facing at least. You have experience in Saas as a software engineer (or working with Saas tools day to day). You have significant experience building web or mobile apps. You have a good background working with multiple languages, we interact most often (javascript, Python, PHP, Node.js…). Passion for the field. Working in a tech / fast paced environment motivates you. You are curious and have a good knowledge on developers ecosystem 
ScrapedJobID862:
Advanced technical area of knowledge (e.g. white-box testing, automation, analytics, audio, animation etc.) Proficiency with advanced testing tools (internal/external) Experience providing subject matter knowledge to improve overall quality and processes Lead improvements in the wider QA processes, project planning, and develop new QA strategies Provides regular game area level QA reports (e.g. high-level risk assessment) Maintain documentation to transfer knowledge and provide mentorship to newer team members May contribute to minor adjustments of automation scripts and uses in depth knowledge of the feature under their ownership to drive automation, test tools and possible telemetry hooks to more efficiently verify their area · Comprehensive benefits including health, dental, and vision. WFH options during the pandemic Dog friendly environment (That's right, you can bring your dog to work!) Indoor basketball court, outdoor basketball court, soccer field, volleyball court Community garden 2 dog parks Easy transit access Free on-site parking for staff and visitors 
ScrapedJobID863:
Plan, manage, and execute targeted digital marketing campaigns that drive donor acquisition, conversion, and retention. Plan, manage, and execute email marketing campaigns, including calendar management and content creation. Plan, manage, and execute landing pages, website ad spots, and website updates, with a focus on engaging, conversion-focused copy and content. Drive continuous improvement by identifying and managing implementation, measurement, and optimization of A/B testing opportunities in both email marketing and marketing-focused pages on our website. Brief and work closely with our marketing production developer on requirements for email and website development and collaborate during reviews to ensure a superb finished project. Develop content and write copy to support marketing activities and optimization, with a focus on conversion. Track and report metrics and success criteria and help identify opportunities to retain and grow customer business in key channels 2+ years of experience in digital and email marketing. University degree, preferably in business, marketing, or a related field. Strong writing and proof-reading skills, with experience writing digital and email marketing copy. Hands-on experience in iContact Pro or similar email marketing tool, specifically lists and segment creation and management, and workflows/automation set-up and management. Experience with website optimization and A/B testing. Strong project management, time management, and organizational skills. Exceptional verbal and written communication skills. Excellent understanding of technology, aptitude for and interest in learning new technologies, tools, and software. Hands-on experience using Google Analytics and Wordpress (or similar tools). Proficiency with MS Office, particularly PowerPoint and Excel, or Google Sheets/Google Slides. Visual design skills are considered a strong asset. Experience or familiarity with Search Engine Marketing and Search Engine Optimization considered an asset. You’re naturally curious and analytical, deeply accountable for your work, and will give it your all to succeed. You’re a true self-starter with a can-do attitude, you love a challenge and work well independently and across teams to get the job done. You think creatively and strategically and are always willing to roll up your sleeves to get work done. You love a fast-paced environment and work well under pressure and to tight deadlines. You’re looking for a career where you can make a positive social impact. A full-time, permanent position with a competitive salary, benefits, and RRSP matching. A chance to make a difference and add significant value as a key member of a small team in a forward-thinking, technology-focused environment, with a lifestyle-friendly atmosphere. The opportunity to work with and learn from highly-respected professionals (and super nice people who want to change the world for the better!) A “get things done”, open, collaborative, and flexible environment. 
ScrapedJobID864:
Mettre en application des solutions techniques et créatives tout en développant des expériences interactives originales dans les jeux vidéo, en RV, RA et dans d’autres technologies émergentes. Travailler avec les responsables de la production et de l’équipe artistique pour transformer des exigences techniques et créatives ambiguës en tâches bien définies. Collaborer avec les artistes, les concepteurs et les producteurs pour établir l’ordre de priorité du travail et un échéancier. Être proactif dans la détermination des tâches et des problèmes auxquels il faudra s’attaquer. Faire preuve d’une compréhension approfondie des logiciels d’architecture et de la conception. Mettre au point un code précis, structurable et bien documenté. Élargir les capacités créatives et la vision de notre équipe grâce à l’expérimentation, à la recherche et au perfectionnement professionnel continus. Expérience d’au moins quatre ans reliée à l’industrie de la programmation avec un portfolio d’applications publiés ou de jeux vidéos. Baccalauréat, de préférence en informatique, ou diplôme dans une discipline liée à la technologie. Maîtrise de Unity et C# Expérience dans le développement, le déploiement et le soutien de jeux vidéo et d’applications mobiles réussis. Enthousiasme à travailler sur une grande variété de tâches. Capacité de mener plusieurs tâches de front, de travailler sous pression et de respecter les échéances. Capacité d’évaluer la charge de travail et d’exécuter le travail dans le délai prévu. Attitude positive et capacité de travailler dans un environnement collaboratif et d’interagir positivement avec les artistes, les producteurs et les autres intervenants du cycle de développement de logiciels. Travailleur autonome et motivé. Capacité de prendre l’initiative de s’acquitter des tâches ci-dessus et d’autres tâches qui faciliteront le fonctionnement de l’organisation. Expérience dans l’organisation de centres de divertissement hors foyer, d’évènement en direct et d’espaces d’installation. Connaissance des consoles (XB1, PS4 ou Switch) Maîtrise du langage C# et Python Connaissance d’outils audio, comme FMOD ou Wwise Expérience de programmation en réseau et pour joueurs multiples Une certaine expérience des logiciels 3D comme Maya ou 3DS Max Employ technical and creative solutions while developing original interactive experiences in games, VR, AR and other emerging technologies Work with production and art team leads to turn ambiguous technical and creative requirements into well-defined tasks Collaborate with artists, designers, and producers to prioritize and schedule work Be proactive in identifying tasks and problems that will need to be tackled Demonstrate an in-depth understanding of Software Architecture and Design Write clean, maintainable, and well-documented code Expand our team’s creative capabilities and vision through continued experimentation, research and professional development 4+ years related industry programming experience with a portfolio of published apps or games Preferred BS in Computer Science or technology related degree Excellent proficiency in Unity, C# Experience developing, deploying and supporting successful games and mobile applications Enthusiasm for working on a wide variety of tasks Ability to multi-task, work under pressure and meet deadlines required Ability to estimate work load and execute on the work in the time estimated Have a positive attitude with the ability to work in a collaborative environment, interacting successfully with artists, producers, and others during software development cycle Self-motivated and independent worker. Must take initiative in handling above duties and additional tasks which will aid the function of the organization. Experience in LBE / Live Events / Installation space Console experience (XB1, PS4, or Switch) Experience in Unreal, C++ and Python Experience with audio tools like FMOD or Wwise Network and multiplayer programming experience Some experience with 3D software like Maya or 3DS Max 
ScrapedJobID865:
Build, design and maintain Linux drivers Investigate patterns in calls into drivers Build / optimize network protocols for low-level data 5+ years of experience with C and C++ Deep experience with Linux programming Experience with socket programming Deep experience with Android programming Experience with Linux driver development Experience in building consumer or social products from the ground up Competitive salary, At home perks and participation in the Employee Stock Option Plan. 
ScrapedJobID866:
Share a passion to innovate, especially in the design and development of open world games Work closely with the art team and the level/mission design team to design and create inspiring 3D content that visualizes the vision and design of the game Plan, prioritize and assign tasks and manage your team's schedule Help team members to reach their full potential, follow quality standards and meet deadlines Create AAA 3D art that works within technical constraints and can be used as a benchmark for other 3D artists Produce and iterate on a variety of assets through all phases of production including in-game blockouts, organic surfaces, hard-surface models, marketing assets, and more Be able to think about your art in the service of the world of a new IP to create assets that will enrich the experience Take an active role in the evolution of the game, working with all disciplines to understand the vision and design for the game and using that experience to inform concept work Be an active mentor by training and guiding other artists on the team to improve their craft and deliver top-tier quality content At least eight years of professional AAA game development experience At least five projects shipped in a leadership position At least two AAA action titles shipped, one during the current generation of video games (PS4/XBOX ONE) Experience leading and managing a team of 3D artists on a AAA project A portfolio of visionary and inspiring 3D work you can show and talk about your ideas to the team Skillful in communicating with other developers, eager to help others and learn from them Take critical feedback and iterate on your work based on the needs of the experience Excellent leadership mindset, ability to work in a team, with good leadership skills and to delegate work accordingly Strong traditional art skills Experience creating style guides a plus 
ScrapedJobID867:
Excellent attention to detail Ability to manage tight deadlines Comfortable using spreadsheets and Google Docs Experience with Python, JavaScript, or HTML/CSS would be an asset We work in tight-knit teams to maximize speed and cultivate an ownership mentality. We cherish curiosity and an obsession for details because we know these details are invaluable over the long run. We promote an environment where ideas are challenged. The best ideas win! We're hyperfocused on our achievements and our ability to execute on our promises. We act with urgency. It's not always about us.* We give back to our community to ensure it can grow.* We love to compete and have fun. Our game nights are legendary. 
ScrapedJobID868:
Engage with fellow developers through active participation in code reviews, design Dedication to an iterative development process driven by the goal to continuously Develop clean, maintainable, and documented solutions Collaborate with backend engineering teams through traces, metrics, and Deploy applications regularly adhering to studio standards and best practices Participate in requirements gathering to inform design and development Participate in user observation studies to be regularly evaluating how users work and Follow standard UX design methodologies throughout the development process Proficiency in modern web application features,design goals, and architecture (i.e. Web Expertise with modern frameworks, standards, technologies used in front end web Experience with micro-services architecture Strong communication, collaboration, and problem solving skills Experience working closely with UX design teams and backend development teams Experience with testing frameworks (i.e. Cypress) Production experience in computer animation, visual effects, or game industry A portfolio of user interface samples that demonstrates skill and passion Experience with Node.js, Express, and building JS modules using technologies such as NPM We are a company built on positive relationships and collaboration, and you will have the opportunity to build strong business relationships while acting as a specialist in Product Management. You will manage multiple business relationships and collaborate with people from both corporate and field. This is an opportunity to work independently, in a fast-paced environment, and lead projects. 
ScrapedJobID869:
2+ years AWS experience (Lambdas, API Gateway) 2+ years Javascript / Typescript 2+ years Postgres experience 5+ years engineering experience (either in-industry or side projects) Self-sufficient, great communication Passion for Blockchain Passion for Games Worked at a startup before 
ScrapedJobID870:
Help develop a comprehensive automation test infrastructure. Develop automated scripts and frameworks for test and data management. Collaborate with multiple stakeholders to develop automated test plans. Collaborate with multiple stakeholders to understand functional requirements and troubleshoot discovered defects. Collaborate with multiple stakeholders to ensure appropriate resolution and test coverage. Proactively identify and communicate risks and opportunities for improvement across all products and test frameworks. Select, train, and mentor Quality Assurance project resources. Maintain an open and continuous communication between the Quality Assurance team and the rest of the project and leadership team. Summarize and report the Quality Assurance activities that took place, from start to end, to the Quality Assurance, project, and leadership teams. Champion Quality Assurance at all stages of the project life cycle. Completion of a university or college degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Business, or the equivalent, combined with extensive directly related experience in Quality Assurance. Formal Quality Assurance certification/designation from either ISTQB or IIST strongly preferred. Extensive knowledge of Quality Assurance as it relates to the information technology discipline. Intermediate-senior level experience in formal SDLC methodology and standards (e.g., Waterfall or Agile). Intermediate-senior level experience in Automation Testing with hands on experience one or more of the following tools: Selenium Web Driver, FitNesse, Ranorex, QTP/UFT, RFT, SOAP UI, Jenkins Considerable knowledge and experience in Quality Assurance management life cycle. Adept at planning own work activities and assisting in identifying Quality Assurance work items and tasks necessary for successful project completion. Experience and exposure to Test Management and Defect Management Tool. Ability to lead teams and work collaboratively in a project and team environment. Affable nature and outstanding skills as they relate to general interaction and collaboration with clients and other team members from the business and technical domains. Quick learner, attention to detail, superior analytical, problem solving, organizational, verbal, and written communication skills. Proficient with Microsoft Office tools (e.g., Word, PowerPoint, Visio, Excel). Someone who shares our core values. Professional Development budget and days Interest-free tech-enablement loans A Career Mentor to support your growth and development RRSP/401K matches Bonus programs Wellness program 
ScrapedJobID871:
Work with a cross-functional team of 4-6 developers, a product manager, engineering manager and designer to develop customer facing features that simplify restaurant management and drive employee engagement Be involved in designing and implementing features from ideation to delivery to adoption Gravitate toward simplicity when collaborating on larger architectural visions Research, communicate and advocate for the use of best practices within your team’s domain Identify and prioritize tech debt and contribute to our engineering roadmap Help organize weekly dev meetings and share knowledge with the rest of the team Mentor and coach junior team mates, helping them elevate their skills and careers 5 or more years of software development experience, but if you’re awesome, we’re flexible Proven experience building robust & scalable web/app services Fluency with our core languages: JS and PHP Familiarity with relational databases, data modelling and SQL Experience with a SPA JS framework like Angular, ReactJS, Vue or EmberJS Strong understanding of software architecture and design Practice employing DDD (Domain Driven Design) and CQRS (Command Query Responsibility Separation) to manage coupling and define boundaries Experience with MySQL/Postgresql and Redis Familiarity with other programming languages like Ruby, Python, Kotlin, Java or Swift/Objective C Participate in quarterly hackathons and the occasional game jam, working with your peers to build anything from dashboards to poker bots and video games Employ DDD (Domain Driven Design) and the CQRS pattern (Command Query Responsibility Separation) to manage coupling and define team boundaries Learn from and share with your peers at our bi-weekly Dev Talks Explore different technologies: we’re pragmatic and use the right tool for the job. Kubernetes, Golang, RabbitMQ, GraphQL - our stack is always evolving Centrally located offices in Saskatoon, Toronto, and Hoboken for those who want to work in-person with their team Remote friendly for those who want to work from home (whether it be preference or pandemic related) Catered lunches every Friday from a beloved 7shifts customer (or a budget to order delivery when remote) Stock options (equity) in a VC-backed startup Benefits coverage from the start Flexible vacation Parental leave program Continuous professional development budget A culture that values authenticity, trust, curiosity, and diversity of thought 
ScrapedJobID872:
Advanced degree in computer science, engineering, or equivalent, with particular emphasis on robotics, algorithm design, and/or software development 5+ years of industry experience in mobile robotic path or task planning algorithm development Expertise in an object-oriented language such as C++ Driven individual, passionate about robotics, algorithms and algorithm development, self-starter Comfortable with Linux operating systems (CLI, scripting) Familiarity with ROS; worked on a full navigation stack before Experience with industry-standard software development tools and processes (eg. Git, continuous integration, unit testing) Software development for personal use - GitHub or open-source contribution references welcomed Image processing, game and graphics programming Exposure to other technical robotics concepts (HRI, SLAM, sensor fusion, firmware, hardware) 
ScrapedJobID873:
Design and implement complex features Maintain high quality code by leading code reviews, pair programming, holding architectural discussions, and mentoring your peers Be deeply involved in the technical direction of the product Solve challenging bugs Help our customers get the most out of our product 5+ years of experience in software development The ability and passion to reason about software architecture and design Web application development using frameworks like Django, Ruby on Rails, .NET, etc. Experience with building and designing RESTful APIs Experience developing for cloud in containerized environments, or willingness to learn and adapt to it quickly. Familiarity with modern JavaScript (ES6) using frameworks and libraries such as React, Vue or Angular Exposure to Docker Make a difference. Our suite of products and services help make software more secure for our customers, their clients, and the world as a whole. Have a voice. Be trusted. Our organizational structure and open communication programs create an environment where employees drive the company's culture and decisions. Have fun. Our social events and games around the office are just a few of the ways we let loose. We don't take ourselves too seriously. Universal Acceptance. Diversity is our differentiator. We speak up for inclusion. We respect all forms of intelligence. Be innovative. We give dedicated time to focus on passion projects and encourage new ideas in all that we do. We encourage disruptive thinking. You'll be able to spend 10% of your time working on a side-project of your choosing. Grow your career. We make your growth and learning a priority by giving a dedicated training budget. We create opportunities to take on new projects in security and beyond. This past year, Developers have attended JSConf in Iceland, PyCon, and Full Stack Fest in Barcelona. Find balance. We support working from home, we have flexible work hours, and open vacation. 
ScrapedJobID874:
Become an expert in our market with a focus on customer experience. Say “NO” to the myriad of ideas coming in front of you every month and prioritize the roadmap Shape our product strategy and translate it into the development of new functionalities and features to support closing new business opportunities. As the voice of the customer within Voxco, you will communicate frequently with clients and other key points of contact. Work in an Agile environment with a cross-functional team of designers, software developers, marketers, QA and more to shape the product and create value for our customers. Create user stories and other materials to clearly illustrate the team’s efforts and sign-off on the newly delivered functionalities. Collaborate on UI/UX design and gather early user feedback Manage our growing Product team. Coordinate non-technical activities of product delivery (i.e. knowledge transfer for support/training teams, release notes, help documentation, etc.) Work with sales and marketing to promote our products and develop new markets. 10+ years experience in product management or Product Manager roles in an agile environment for the development of web/mobile applications. Experience in the CX sector with a proven track record of deploying customer centric initiatives to drive improvement. Strong analytical skills. Able to understand business requirements, opportunity costs, trade-offs and effectively translate these into documentation. You listen. You build consensus by default but can drive hard decisions when needed. You push things forward. People love working with you. Strong communication skills. Able to clearly explain and articulate concepts in a concise manner to both technical and non-technical stakeholders. Ability to work with global teams, including conference calls in the evening when and as required Great fluency in written and spoken English and French Experience in customer, product, employee, or brand experience research Experience in Market Research Experience in survey or feedback systems. Experience with Jira Experience in Program Design, Customer Journey Mapping, and Insights Analysis Montreal downtown, close to Guy-Concordia station Competitive Salary Full range of health benefits (health insurance, access to clinic) Dining room and a game room Healthy snacks, complimentary weekly group lunches Dynamic and stimulating international work environment Group activities (e.g. Yoga) Referral bonus Group RRSP program 
ScrapedJobID875:
Work on a specific problem space critical to Klarna’s current needs with growth opportunities in a fast-paced business. Bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, large-scale system design, data storage/processing, security, artificial intelligence, UI design and mobile development. Develop as a professional in an entrepreneurial organisation that provides opportunity to work with your areas of interest. Use state of the art technology to solve real problems for our customers at a massive scale. Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve, you are responsible for the full life-cycle of your code - you write it, you own it. Share your knowledge and help the team evolve best practices; be a mentor and mentee Work in small autonomous teams with short release cycles. Give back by contributing to open source: https://github.com/klarna Javascript React and React Native Redux Node.js and Express.js. AWS, Splunk, Ansible, Terraform, Jenkins, Docker and Kubernetes Software development experience in JavaScript Strong problem solving ability Growth mindset and bias for action Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English Bachelor’s degree (or higher) in Computer Science or a related discipline or professional working experience building software Culture - You'll have an opportunity to work in an international company with people from a variety of different countries in a central location. Learning - We have a learning and development focused environment with an emphasis on knowledge sharing, training, and regular internal technical talks. Compensation - You’ll get an attractive salary and compensation package. We recognise that life is more than work, and promote work life balance. How to apply: please send us your CV or LinkedIn profile in English. 
ScrapedJobID876:
Architect, implement and maintain core animation systems used across MetaHuman products. Work closely with other engineers, animators, technical animators, product designers, leads and external technology partners across multiple teams and time zones. Write technical documentation and designs. Extensive experience writing C++ applications. Excellent linear algebra skills and applications of linear algebra in software. Experience with rigging systems, animation state machines, low-level animation systems, physics-based animation and/or IK systems. Experience with multi-threaded programming and system tasks such as graphics, audio, I/O, networking, memory handling, debuggers, etc. Experience with application-level programming such as script compilers and user-facing tools. You're user-focused, passionate, scrappy, solutions-focused, and innovative. These traits equal success at Epic and influence everything we do. 
ScrapedJobID877:
At least 3 years of Web Front End development experience; more experienced candidates are welcome Strong knowledge of React/Redux architecture Strong knowledge of HTML/CSS, animations, transitions, responsive design and browser specifics Solid knowledge of JavaScript, ES6, TypeScript and Node.js Comfortable with the Unix command lines Experience with a revision control tools, ideally from the command line: such as svn, git, p4 Self-directed; able to own your work and not be spoon fed Must be a resident of Canada and be eligible to work in Canada Communicate with remote team members regarding the project requirements, priorities and progress Build community tools which will be used by game developers and gamers Support and improve the existing tools and services Make sure the code quality is good and improving Experience with video streaming implementation and working with distributed teams DevOps experience - CI and deployments Understanding of and willingness to work according to agile manifesto spirit Familiarity with the video games industry and gamers community Diploma in C.S., Comp. Eng., or equivalent Annual Medical Allowance (Dental, Vision & More) Disability insurance Paid time off Remote working Continues learning opportunities Overtime pay 
ScrapedJobID878:
Automate and maintain a continuous integration and deployment process. Work closely with developers to implement automation strategies. Implement a system to automate daily reports on the status of compilations, computers, unit tests and any other information needed by the teams. Document and monitor all automation processes. Support, advise and consult teams on automation and optimization of tasks. Troubleshoot issues, and define reproducible steps. A bachelor in computer science or engineering or any related field. 5+ years of proven experience as a Build Automation Developer or similar roles. 3+ years experience with monitoring, automated testing using Jenkins environment. 3+ years experience with DVCS like Git, Mercurial, and remote site like Bitbucket and Github. 3+ years experience with automated deployments and scripting to manage platform configurations. 3+years experience in Python, Windows, Docker, AWS. 2+ years in gaming, multimedia, middleware, and/or web services industry. Proven experience building an automation framework for desktop & cloud products. Experience with automated deployments and scripting to manage platform configurations. Knowledge and experience in DevOps: Continuous Integration, Continuous Delivery & Continuous Deployment, Observability, Reliability, Deployment strategies, etc. Demonstrated effective analytical & troubleshooting skills. Have a high sense of responsibilities and be solution-oriented. Strong written and verbal communication skills in both English and French. Strong work ethics with a positive attitude. Ability to work as a strong team player in a remote team. Strong knowledge and experience in SDLC methodologies. Experience with automated deployments and scripting to manage platform configurations. Knowledge and experience with Atlassian and G Suite tools. Creative problem-solving capabilities. Start-up Experience. 
ScrapedJobID879:
Project manage Digital Monetization initiatives with a focus on Order Management System (OMS) integration with Bell Media advertising tech stack and feature requests for future optimal state. Work with Business Operations to align OMS stakeholders in Digital Sales, Monetization, Billing, Finance & IT teams and prioritize and maintain system roadmap Liaise with partners in Digital Product & Development to build business requirements and success criteria to maximize revenue around ad innovation and product development Collaborate with Technical Account Management team to schedule quality assurance to ensure monetization requirements are met Work with Digital Sales, Inventory, Revenue Management, Business Operations, and Programmatic teams to define and execute go-to-market strategies Present ad innovation products and processes to Digital Sales Teams. Provide campaign support as needed. Monitor success of product launches by regularly reporting on KPIs and gathering buyer feedback for ongoing product improvements Develop and manage business relationships with various vendors Participate in IAB or other industry committees or events to stay abreast on latest digital trends 3+ years related experience in Ad Operations, Technical Account Management, Programmatic, Project Management, or Product Management preferably within Digital Media industry University degree or equivalent in business administration, technology, or marketing with a strong technical and analytical background Knowledge of digital ad technology: OMS, ad servers (GAM, FreeWheel, Cadent), DSPs, SSPs, and DMPs, Knowledge of IAB ad formats and emerging digital trends Comprehensive understanding of campaign success and reporting metrics including viewability Proactive with demonstrated ability to deliver results in a fast-paced, goal-driven environment Proven ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously without compromising quality Works well independently or with a team Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong organizational skills with attention to detail Proficient with Microsoft Office, PowerPoint, and Excel applications Experience with web tools (Charles, Fiddler, Google Developer Tools), JIRA and Confluence Bilingualism is an asset (English and French) 
ScrapedJobID880:
Maintain and further develop UI and UX of the Mistplay App and its variants. Maintain and further develop UI and UX of Mistplay Studios games, the Loyalty play SDK and all future Mistplay products. Plan and implement new design features while optimizing existing user interface designs. Conduct competitor research and analysis reports Prepare Design Specs. Ideate on wireframes based on A/B test results Perform UX and UI research and run focus studies Identify and address new product improvement opportunities Ideate on, create and develop original frameworks for all Mistplay products and verticals Execute professional and thoughtful designs that push the boundaries of Mistplay's user experience Train junior-mid level graphic designers and UX/UI designers in user experience fundamentals Lead projects from initial concept through final execution by keeping track of cost and time Act as a leading member in special projects such as the creation of special tools or new features Independently conduct user research through internal and external tests Independently keep a pulse on the market and competition with research reports Work cross-functionally with developers, engineers, designers and product managers to ensure alignment with company KPIs Establish lines of communication between verticals and fellow product designers to facilitate task assignment and create relationships Set up whiteboarding sessions with other designers to continuously ideate and improve Staying professionally up to date on current product design trends using inspiration and mood boards such as dribbble, pinterest, behance, etc. Validate one's pitches and ideas against the competition, providing marketing analyses where necessary Maintain a healthy mentorship relationship with the work of juniors and mid-level designers through thoughtful critique, accepting critique with similar humility Accept mentorship and critique from leads and senior II Maintain clean and transferable source files and deliverables Maintain a clear versioning structure to support changes and critique Organize, archive and keep all job files up to date Overseeing all assigned product design projects, from conception to delivery, critiquing and innovating throughout Reviewing junior-mid designers’ work to ensure high quality Spearhead strategy for new product directions and tests Liaise with data and engineers to ensure feasibility and results. Identify issues and conflicts within the team, providing insight when necessary Develop high-impact ideas for future plans Maintenir et développer l’interface et l’expérience utilisateur UI/UX de l'application Mistplay et de ses variantes. Maintenir et développer l’interface et l’expérience utilisateur UI/UX des jeux Mistplay Studios, le SDK du programme de fidélité des joueurs et tous les futurs produits Mistplay. Planifier et mettre en œuvre de nouvelles fonctionnalités de conception, tout en optimisant les designs d'interface utilisateur actuels. Mener des recherches sur la concurrence et rédiger des rapports d'analyse. Préparer les spécifications de conception. Concevoir des wireframes en fonction des résultats des tests A/B. Effectuer des recherches sur l'UX et l'UI et mener des études ciblées. Identifier et exploiter les possibilités d'amélioration des nouveaux produits. Imaginer, créer et développer des frameworks originaux pour tous les produits et services verticaux de Mistplay. Réaliser des designs professionnels et bien pensés qui repoussent les limites de l'expérience des utilisateurs de Mistplay. Former des concepteurs graphiques et des concepteurs UX/UI juniors et de niveau intermédiaire aux principes de base de l'expérience utilisateur. Diriger des projets depuis le concept initial jusqu'à la réalisation finale en assurant le suivi des coûts et des délais. Assumer le rôle de leader dans des projets spéciaux tels que la création d'outils spéciaux ou de nouvelles fonctionnalités. Mener de manière indépendante des recherches sur les utilisateurs au moyen de tests internes et externes. Suivre de près le marché et la concurrence de manière indépendante et rédiger des rapports de recherche. Travailler de manière transversale avec les développeurs, les ingénieurs, les concepteurs et les chefs de produits pour assurer l'alignement avec les KPI de l'entreprise. Établir des lignes de communication entre les services verticaux et les autres concepteurs de produits pour faciliter l'attribution des tâches et créer des relations. Organisez des séances de tableau blanc avec d'autres concepteurs afin de trouver des idées et des améliorations en permanence. Se maintenir informé des tendances actuelles en matière de conception de produits en utilisant l'inspiration et les moodboards tels que dribbble, pinterest, behance, etc. Valider ses propres pitchs et idées par rapport à la concurrence, en fournissant des analyses marketing le cas échéant. Entretenir une relation de mentorat saine vis-à-vis du travail des concepteurs juniors et de niveau intermédiaire par le biais de critiques réfléchies, et accepter de recevoir des critiques avec la même humilité. Accepter le mentorat et les critiques des responsables et des séniors de niveau II. Maintenir des fichiers sources et des livrables propres et transférables. Maintenir une structure de version claire pour appuyer les changements et la critique. Organiser, archiver et tenir à jour tous les dossiers de travail. Superviser tous les projets de conception de produits qui lui sont confiés, de la conception à la livraison, en les critiquant et en innovant tout au long du processus. Réviser le travail des concepteurs juniors et de niveau intermédiaire afin de garantir une qualité supérieure. Piloter la stratégie en matière d'orientation et de tests des nouveaux produits. Travailler en étroite collaboration avec le service des données et les ingénieurs afin de garantir la faisabilité et les résultats. Identifier les problèmes et les conflits au sein de l'équipe, en apportant votre vision si nécessaire. Développer des idées percutantes pour les plans à venir. 5+ years experience as a UX/UI Designer or similar role Demonstrated portfolio of UX/UI work and use cases Knowledge of design tools and software (Figma, Adobe Suite) BSc, BFA or BA in Design, Computational Arts or relevant field 1 or more years of designing B2B interfaces 5 ans d'expérience minimum en tant que concepteur·trice UX/UI ou dans un rôle similaire. Portefeuille démontrant des réalisations UX/UI concrètes ainsi que des cas d'utilisation. Connaissance des outils et logiciels de conception (Figma, Suite Adobe). Baccalauréat BSc, BFA ou BA en design, en arts numériques ou dans un domaine connexe. 1 an ou plus de conception d'interfaces B2B 
ScrapedJobID881:
Mesurer la progression de l’équipe vers l’atteinte des objectifs Coordonner la vision macro avec les différents impératifs et dépendances micro Optimiser les méthodes et procédés de développement Maintenir et personnaliser les outils de communication Coordonner les personnes et les départements ensembles Effectuer le suivi avec les différents sous-contractants Prévenir les problèmes (ou proposer des solutions) 3 ans ou plus d’expérience pertinente en gestion dans l’industrie du jeu vidéo; Avoir livré au moins 2 titres multiplateformes; Excellentes communications orale et écrite, en français autant qu'en anglais; Maîtrise de Connaissance de Jira, Confluence, Office et Perforce; Excellent esprit de leadership et de relations interpersonnelles; Enthousiaste, positif, esprit axé sur l’équipe. Assess team’s progression towards project goals; Coordinate high level plan with low level imperatives and dependancies; Optimize work processes and pipelines; Maintain and customize communication tools; Link people and departments together; Support / link with outsourcing partners; Prevent problems (or suggest solutions) 3+ years of experience as Producer or Associate Producer in game development; Shipped at least 2 multiplatform titles; Proficient in English and French; Proficiency in MS Office Suite and project management softwares (Jira, MS Project, Hansoft); Knowledge of Jira, Confluence, Office and Perforce. Excellent team leadership and interpersonal skills; Proven ability to tackle complex problems. Can adapt and troubleshoot; Enthusiastic, positive, team-oriented. 
ScrapedJobID882:
Graduate from an accredited school of medicine for M.D. (Doctor of Medicine). Experience working with patients of varying ethnicities, socioeconomic levels, and cultures a plus. Experience using electronic medical records (EMR) preferred. Good standing with CPSBC Provide high-quality, evidence-based, patient-centered care Collaborate with a multidisciplinary group including physiotherapists, chiropractors, biomechanists, massage therapists and software developers Prefer strong interest and some experience in musculoskeletal medicine, ideally with CASEM certification Full scope of adult and/or pediatric primary care. Ability to effectively communicate, verbally & in writing, with all levels of staff and patients. Must possess strong problem-solving skills and effective time management skills. Must be able to follow all PCHC protocols, including those related to clinic administration, patient care, and completion of timely chart notes. Conduct thorough medical assessments and examinations Determine and recommend treatment and investigations as required Discuss medical problems, plans and requirements with referral sources maintaining privacy requirements Provide education sessions for staff, treatment team as required Collaborate with the team to ensure patients receive an individualized program inclusive of physical, psychosocial and functional aspects of care 
ScrapedJobID883:
Analyzing, debugging, and improving existing tools, plugins, and testing frameworks Defining needs and building new tools and optimizing existing ones Helping solving technical challenges by maintaining regular communication with the content teams (Artist, Level Designers) Testing, debugging, profiling, and optimizing tools implementations Creating and maintaining high-quality documentation Actively attending to code review At least 3 years of professional software development experience or production of games for consoles or PC Skills in writing UIs with a toolkit such as wxWidgets, WPF, QT, Slate, Windows Forms Great skills in C/C++/C# Ability to write solid, reliable, efficient code Being able to work efficiently under tight deadlines Strong verbal and written communication skills in English Open-minded team player attitude Strong work ethic and self-motivated Passionate about playing and making video games
Nice to have Experience in game dev Familiarity with Unreal engine Shipped at least 1 AAA title BS (or higher) in Computer Science or similar discipline (Physics, Math, EE, etc.) Competitive salary Personal development opportunities and the possibility to work in a multicultural environment Working with highly-skilled, senior-level professionals Being part of a young organization and having a true impact on your daily work Opportunity to work on innovative, exciting AAA projects with the newest technologies An informal atmosphere, no dress code, no unwanted formalities 
ScrapedJobID884:
Management activities Manage and lead a team of 12 engineers developing software for embedded, mobile and cloud Ensure correct staffing levels and competency matching the project’s needs Foster continuous improvement and best practices in software development Establish and stimulate software development standards and processes Recruit, train, appraise and insure career development of the software developers Prepare and manage the annual budget of the software team Ensure tools and resources are adequate for the team to meet goals Approve time sheets, time off and conduct annual reviews, or other similar tasks Participate at the scrum and planning session, and developing the projects roadmap Participate in developing the lifecycle for different projects Technical responsibilities Participate in the software architecture design for embedded, mobile and cloud projects Participate in the evaluation of new products and components for future designs Participate in the designs and gate reviews of the projects Accountable to deliver quality software and align with the company standard and processes Accountable to maintain documentation for software development Participate in code review for:
Embedded applications on ARM, Cortex, Nordic RF, etc. micro-controllers
Mobile iOS and Android applications
Java and C# for cloud application Embedded applications on ARM, Cortex, Nordic RF, etc. micro-controllers Mobile iOS and Android applications Java and C# for cloud application Maintain software products after releases (bug fixes and adding features) Support pre-sales customer engagements from the engineering team Stay up to date with latest developments in the domain Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering (Software, Computer or Electrical) 3 years + of technical leadership experience for a group of 7 software developers 7 years + of professional experience as an embedded software developer with C/C++ 5 years + of professional experience as a software developer for server application with Java Awareness of implications of a given modification Experience with software architectures for embedded and cloud server (AWS is a plus) Experience developing real-time and multi-task software Excellent communication verbal and written skills (English and French) Systematic approach to problem solving and well organized Team Player and result-oriented Experience developing serial interfaces (CAN, LIN, J1850 and OBDII) Experience developing Cloud and Microservices Architecture Experience working with AWS infrastructure Knowledge of wireless interface (Bluetooth/BLE) and RF domain A modern working environment with a flexible schedule Great health benefits and RRSP with employer contribution Gym and game tables 
ScrapedJobID885:
Manage innovative reseach projects, including planning and coordination, data analysis, and interpretation of study results Opportunity to work with game developers, artists and engineers to guide the iterative design process in line with research findings Develop new ideas, project proposals including grants, research protocols Assist in the writing and submission of grant applications Work with international collaborators Write, prepare, and format manuscripts for publication in peer-reviewed journals Revise manuscript drafts in response to reviewer and editor comments Support the training and supervision of research students Present your work at international conferences Work with Holland Bloorview’s commercialization office to support technology transfer PhD in translational research, health services research, health technology design, or related discipline Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Strong organizational skills to manage multiple tasks in a timely manner Flexibility to adapt to a changing workload Ability to work independently and as part of a team Experience with qualitative methods an asset Experience working with children of diverse abilities an asset 
ScrapedJobID886:
Develop, maintain and evolve the gateway technology (written in Erlang) and its client-side connection management layer (in C++) according to Demonware’s standards of reliability and quality Liaise with other teams on feature implementation, ensuring their requirements are met in a timely appropriate manner Ensure all components are highly scalable and maintainable Own the features and components developed Partner with other engineers to troubleshoot problems with online and multiplayer features, and provide an excellent customer experience Provide mentorship on best practices for backend development and integration 6+ years Software Development experience Excellent problem solving and analytical skills Excellent communication skills allowing effect interactions with internal/external teams Love to code. Excellent development skills, knowledge of either or both of Erlang and C++ is a plus, but not required. Previous experience designing APIs for use by other developers. Can understand and explain what makes a well-designed API A good understanding of networking protocols: TCP, HTTP, TLS, etc. Ability to analyze requirements and make corresponding design decisions Has initiative, and is able to complete complex tasks with minimal supervision Experience with game development or game engines Experience with continuous integration and agile methodologies Experience with building backend services, including skills in: Python or a similar language Linux & open-source technologies Database design, including MySQL and NoSQL databases Experience with large scale services (up to millions of concurrent users) 
ScrapedJobID887:
Develop new tools, API's and implement protocols Analyze and resolve technical and application problems Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements, development of user stories, estimates, and work plans Collaborate with the team lead and other software developers to plan, design, develop, test, and maintain solutions based on the Unity editor and services Participate in peer-reviews of solution designs and related code Knowledge of Web technologies (Javascript, React, client/server architecture). Proficiency developing with C# and/or C++ Problem solver with a natural investigative ability to seek the best solution, not the fastest Ability to work on multiple complex projects simultaneously and independently as required A passion for crafting usable, polished and enjoyable user experience Experience with the Unity platform Experience with real-time multithreaded software development Experience with AR/VR and 3D softwares Développer de nouveaux outils, des API, et implémenter les protocoles Analyser et résoudre des problèmes techniques et d'application Aider à recueillir et à documenter les exigences des utilisateurs, le développement des récits utilisateurs, les devis et les plans de travail Collaborer avec le chef d'équipe et d'autres développeurs de logiciels afin de planifier, de concevoir, d'élaborer, de tester et de maintenir des solutions fondées sur l'éditeur Prendre part à des évaluations par les pairs de conceptions de solutions et des codes correspondants Connaissance des technologies web (Javascript, React, serveur client-architecture) Maîtrise du développement en C# et/ou C++ Aptitude à travailler sur de multiples projets indépendamment et en parallèle selon les besoins Passion pour la création d'expériences utilisateurs accessibles, impeccables et agréables Compréhension en profondeur de la conception de code et capacité d'en discuter avec aisance Expérience avec la plateforme Unity Expérience en conception de logiciels en temps réel à plusieurs branches Expérience en réalité virtuelle/réalité augmentée (AR/VR), et les projets 3D 
ScrapedJobID888:
Développer un client frontend utilisant PHP MVC frameworks, CSS, JavaScript, MySQL et Redis incluant la gestion d’intégration avec d’autres applications Être capable d’intervenir de manière autonome sur les APIs backend Développement logiciel/programmation back-end et front-end Participer activement à l’analyse de la faisabilité technique et opérationnelle des projets Participer à toutes les phases opérationnelles des projets: architecture, développement, tests, déploiement et livraison Comprendre la technologie ‘’Docker’’ qui sera utilisée dès le début du développement jusqu’à la mise en production Comprendre la logique ‘’DevOps’’ et l’automatisation des processus de développement et de test Toute autre tâche connexe Au moins 3ans d’expérience en tant que développeur/développeuse PHP Fullstack Expertise avec MySQL et PHP Connaissance avancée de CSS, JS, HTML5 Capacité à gérer des projets de concept non-MVC (pur PHP) Avoir un esprit d’équipe Etre autonome et organisé.e Être débrouillard·e et avoir une excellente capacité de résolution de problème Faire preuve de rigueur, de gestion du temps et des demandes Excellentes aptitudes à la communication (la maîtrise du français et de l'anglais est un atout) Heures de travail flexibles Salaire de base très compétitif Politique de télétravail flexible Assurances collectives complètes offertes à 100% Jours de vacances et de maladie avantageuses dès le 1er jour Un environnement de travail stimulant, une ambiance décontractée ainsi qu’une salle à manger toute équipée avec café à volonté Une salle de sport et de jeux sur place Activités de groupe – barbecue, vendredi pizza, 5@7, billard, karting, etc. (hors pandémie) Develop a frontend client using PHP MVC frameworks, CSS, MySQL and Redis including integration management with other applications Being able to work independently on backend APIs Back-end and front-end software development/programming Actively participate in the analysis of the technical and operational feasibility of projects Participate in all operational phases of projects: architecture, development, testing, deployment and delivery Understand the Docker technology that will be used from the beginning of the development to the production Understand the ''DevOps'' logic and the automation of development and testing processes Any other related tasks At least 3 years as a Fullstack PHP developer Expertise in MySQL and PHP Advance knowledge of CSS, JS, HTML5 Ability to manage non-MVC concept projects (pure PHP) Team Spirit Autonomy and organization Be resourceful and have excellent problem-solving skills Demonstrate rigor and time management abilities Be result driven Have excellent communication skills (having both French & English is a plus) Flexible working hours Competitive salary Flexible work from home policy A flat hierarchy that fosters communication between everyone Work alongside an international team comprised of industry experts Full group insurance offered at 100% Advantageous vacation and sick days from day 1 A stimulating work environment, a relaxed atmosphere as well as a fully equipped dining room with unlimited coffee On-site gym, ping-pong table and games Many group activities: on-site barbecues, pizza days, 5@7, billiards, karting, etc. (Post pandemic) Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Événements d'Entreprise Gym sur place Horaires flexibles Stationnement sur place Tenue Décontractée Travail à Distance Du Lundi au Vendredi Montréal, QC: Faire le trajet sans problème ou prévoir un déménagement avant de prendre son poste (Souhaité) Français (Souhaité) Anglais (Souhaité) Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID889:
Design and build new self-service and automation capabilities to provide world-class service to our Engineering teams Champion the DevOps mindset through the entire Engineering team though coaching and mentoring Work within an AWS scalable production environment hosting multiple services Collaborate with team members to troubleshoot and identify bottlenecks in the engineering tools or build pipeline Participate in our on-call rotation (a few times per quarter) for our product and effectively troubleshoot problems within the Thinkific platform Have 5+ years of experience in a Production Engineering or DevOps role, including hands-on experience coding and scripting using Shell, Ruby, Python, or other similar languages Possess strong Terraform skills and have a good understanding of infrastructure as code best practices Have experience working with container technology such as Docker or Kubernetes Are extremely skilled at working in a cloud-native architecture on a platform such as AWS Are eager to learn and grow—you've likely attended post-secondary education, continue to seek opportunities to level up your skills or have equivalent professional experience in a similar role Have previous experience as a web application developer and are comfortable working at the application level Understand that DevOps isn't one team's responsibility but a mindset that can be nurtured and shared organization-wide Have previous experience with security tools and securing a cloud environment (like key management and user auditing) Have worked for a SaaS product company Are experienced with the unique challenges of scaling Rails Engines and Ruby on Rails applications Be part of a team of incredibly talented, passionate, and driven people focused on building and innovating on a best-in-class learning platform Make an impact with your work—each person has an equal opportunity to contribute to our goals and every day, we get to see how Thinkific is empowering both course creators and their students Join one of the fastest-growing companies in Canada and find opportunities to grow in your own career—offering advancement opportunities for our team members is important to us! Contribute to Thinkific's award-winning culture—we're one of Canada's Most Admired Corporate Cultures and a certified Great Place to Work! We offer competitive salaries, a comprehensive benefits package including health, dental, vision, and mental health coverage, and an Employee and Family Assistance Program to support the wellbeing of you and your family Whether you're at our Vancouver HQ or working from home, you'll have the opportunity to build meaningful relationships with Thinkers on your team and across the company through team-wide events, meet and greets with new team members, and regular social events Have fun with our team, even while we're working remotely—join us for an online games session, virtual trivia and paint nights, at-home fitness challenges, or even an online coffee brewing demo! Get additional health and wellness support through a lifestyle or health spending account to put your dollars where you need it most, whether that's subsidizing your gym membership, covering out-of-pocket expenses, or getting new gear Enjoy our open vacation policy and flexible work environment, because we know the importance of having a great work-life balance (and sometimes, you do your best work in slippers) Learn and Grow is one of our values and we take it seriously, providing opportunities through lunch and learns, training, workshops, mentorship, and our $1500 education allowance Grow your career AND your family at Thinkific—you'll be taken care of with our parental leave top-ups as you add to your family Meet the many @dogsofthinkific (and yes, they're as cute and cuddly as they look) Work with the hardware you're most comfortable with, and upgrade or replace your system when you need to with our technology bonus Get set up for success, whether that's at the office or at home. Whether you need a monitor, laptop stand, keyboard, mouse, or even a desk, we'll work to ensure you have what you need to do your best work Be confident bringing your whole self to work—we're proud to be an inclusive company with a diverse team and values grounded in ethics and equality Here at Thinkific, we know that the different perspectives on our team have led to amazing ideas, more innovation, and, ultimately, our success as a company. Our team welcomes applicants of all backgrounds, experiences, beliefs, identities, and statuses. Whoever you are—we can't wait to meet you! 
ScrapedJobID890:
Collaborate with stakeholders to review requirements and design specifications Design beautiful interfaces with an elegant simplicity that will revolutionize an industry Implement sophisticated single page web applications with top-notch loading times Coach our junior developers in front end design and functionality Interact with senior management and our engineering leaders to drive the technical direction of our product Extensive computer science skill sets demonstrated through a degree in computer science or engineering, plus distinctive work experience in the field Experience with JavaScript and single page web applications (HTML5, CSS3) Python development Linux, git Exceptional attention to detail and focus on quality We work in tight-knit teams to maximize speed and cultivate an ownership mentality. We cherish curiosity and an obsession for details because we know these details are invaluable over the long run. We promote an environment where ideas are challenged. The best ideas win! We're hyperfocused on our achievements and our ability to execute on our promises. We act with urgency. It's not always about us.* We give back to our community to ensure it can grow.* We love to compete and have fun. Our game nights are legendary 
ScrapedJobID891:
Build an inspiring game vision and help champion that vision to other team members. Design, implement, tune, and balance game systems, economies, and progression. Solve game design problems that are worth solving; synthesize Game Mechanics, Theme, Monetization Strategies, and Social Features into an integrated product. Foster creative and scalable design solutions, improving the quality of the product and efficiency of the team. Work collaboratively with Producers, Designers, Product Managers, Engineers, Analysts, and cross-functional teams to facilitate well planned and executed features. Create design docs, drawings, diagrams, flowcharts, and any other necessary documents to communicate design functionality and vision Build Blockchain mobile, PC & web games that the world loves to play. Be a constant student of evolving game dynamics, emerging player behavior and trends, and champion these insights to improve effectiveness of design efforts. 7+ years of Game Design experience in PC, Web & Mobile free-to-play games. Strong verbal and written communication skills and ability to organized game design workflow from initial concept to final release and post-release support. An ability to embrace an environment that iterates constantly. Capable of wrapping your head around the challenges and opportunities inherent in blockchain technology. Strong analytical abilities and able to synthesize game systems and mechanics to improve game features and systems. Strong exposure and confidence in identifying and analyzing KPIs then providing action items to ensure the sustainability of your game from a revenue and growth perspective. Experience with all aspects of game design discipline: concept, game progression, interface, monetization, and retention. Pride in creating a high-quality, addictive and social game feature-sets Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience with an emphasis on game design, economics, math, or psychology. Spreadsheet wizardry. Experience with Sport Games a plus. 
ScrapedJobID892:
Faire le design, le développement et les tests de systèmes de jeu et de fonctionnalités d’engin; Développer des outils pour assister l'équipe de production; Déboguer, refactorer et maintenir la base de code pour rencontrer les plus hauts standards de flexibilité, de performance et de robustesse; Travailler au sein de l’équipe de programmation à l'élaboration d'une architecture logicielle efficace; Faire le profilage et l'optimisation des systèmes existants en fonction des contraintes matérielles; Assurer la compatibilité et la performance du système sur toutes les plateformes de déploiement; Évaluer et intégrer les technologies et bonnes pratiques avant-gardistes permettant de livrer des produits priorisant la qualité. 5 ans ou plus d’expérience en tant que Programmeur engin dans l’industrie du jeu vidéo; Solides aptitudes en programmation, débogage et optimisation en C++; Connaissances des patrons de conception et des bonnes pratiques de développement logiciel; Bonne compréhension des processus de développement et de livraison de jeu; Autonomie, sens de l'initiative et du travail d'équipe; Expérience avec Unreal Engine est considérée un atout majeur; Aptitude démontrée à pouvoir résoudre des problèmes complexes. Adepte du Système D; Enthousiaste, positif, esprit axé sur l’équipe. Designs, programs and tests game systems and engine features; Develop tools to assist the development team; Debug, refactor and maintain the codebase to meet high standards of flexibility, performance and robustness; Work with the programming team to build an efficient software architecture; Profile and optimize existing system according to hardware constraints; Ensures compatibility and performance of systems on all target platforms; Evaluates and integrates technologies and good practices that reinforce our mission to deliver quality products. 5+ years of game development experience; Solid C++ coding, debugging and optimization skills; Familiarity with design patterns and software architecture; Good understanding of the process of game development and delivery; Experience with UE4 is an asset; Excellent team leadership and interpersonal skills; Proven ability to tackle complex problems. Can adapt and troubleshoot; Enthusiastic, positive, team-oriented. 
ScrapedJobID893:
planning algorithms to maximize the use of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) a missile defense simulation to test new strategies and algorithms a social discovery platform for intelligence analysts a malware analysis tool for cyber defense to understand how threats change over time a suite of web-based mash-up tools for people to combine data in new and interesting ways game AI for virtual characters in simulation-based training environments informative data visualizations across map, timeline, and network displays Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field

Two or more years of professional software development experience, ideally with exposure to the full software lifecycle

Proficiency in several programming languages (including Java) and technology stacks across desktop and web applications

Experience with user interface (UI) development

Experience working on many projects of various size, individually and as part of a team

Keen to learn more about new languages and frameworks

Experience using third-party libraries, frameworks, tools, and infrastructures Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field Two or more years of professional software development experience, ideally with exposure to the full software lifecycle Proficiency in several programming languages (including Java) and technology stacks across desktop and web applications Experience with user interface (UI) development Experience working on many projects of various size, individually and as part of a team Keen to learn more about new languages and frameworks Experience using third-party libraries, frameworks, tools, and infrastructures Experience with artificial intelligence or machine learning techniques

Experience participating in hackathons and coding competitions

Experience leading or contributing to open source software

Experience with prototyping technologies and tools

Experience with agile software development methodologies like Scrum

Experience with mobile development Experience with artificial intelligence or machine learning techniques Experience participating in hackathons and coding competitions Experience leading or contributing to open source software Experience with prototyping technologies and tools Experience with agile software development methodologies like Scrum Experience with mobile development Code and writing samples may be requested (please include a link to source code on your resume if you have one e.g. GitHub)

U.S. citizenship is required for this position Code and writing samples may be requested (please include a link to source code on your resume if you have one e.g. GitHub)

U.S. citizenship is required for this position Code and writing samples may be requested (please include a link to source code on your resume if you have one e.g. GitHub) U.S. citizenship is required for this position 
ScrapedJobID894:
Game development (3+years XP) iOS / Android Empirical knowledge of Mobile technologies Objective-C and Java Web standards Video or 3D knowledge (OpenGL ES) A team player Able to work independently Organized Creative 
ScrapedJobID895:
Strong knowledge of Soccer Strong knowledge of Soccer related video games Self-starter with a strong work ethic, able to meet responsibilities without constant supervision Capable of understanding complex features/systems and how it applies to the product Strong written and verbal communication skills Detail-oriented with strong observational skills Ability to take ownership of assigned tasks and features Proficient in PC use and current generation video game consoles Flexible and team-oriented Should have a good interpersonal and follow-up skills and the ability to manage multiple projects and tasks Ability to work in group settings under high-pressure Assessing and improving game play mechanics Find and report bugs/issues to Development Maintain the Quality Assurance pipeline from discovery through a fix to regression verification Create and follow Test Plans and Verifications Provide Qualitative feedback regarding the product Follow up with development and testing partners to ensure bugs are being logged and resolved Maintain Bug Database in DevTrack Free and confidential mental health services Company lead training WFH options during the pandemic Dog friendly environment (That's right, you can bring your dog to work!) Indoor basketball court, outdoor basketball court, soccer field, volleyball court Community garden 2 dog parks Easy transit access Free on-site parking for staff and visitors 
ScrapedJobID896:
Develop and maintain highly available single page applications and underlying application infrastructure. Work with gift card program staff to identify work and see it to completion. Work with external game partners to identify API integration needs. Help team leads identify technology requirements and project risks. Maintain platform documentation. Contribute to code reviews. Bachelor's degree in computer science, related field, or equivalent training and professional experience. 3+ years of experience developing backend services in a language like NodeJS, Ruby, Java or Go. 3+ years working experience with a frontend framework like Angular or React. Excellent communication skills Familiarity with Amazon Web Services (AWS) or another major cloud provider. Familiarity with Linux. Familiarity with various database technologies (we use MySQL) Working experience with serverless / lambdas. Familiarity with Docker. Familiarity with load testing. Multiple platform development experience (Linux, Windows, OSX) Développer et maintenir des applications monopages hautement disponibles et l'infrastructure applicative sous-jacente. Travailler avec l'équipe du programme de cartes cadeaux pour identifier les tâches à compléter et les mener à bien. Travailler avec les partenaires de jeu externes pour identifier les besoins d'intégration des API. Aider les chefs d'équipe à identifier les exigences technologiques et les risques du projet. Maintenir la documentation de la plate-forme. Contribuer aux revues de code. Baccalauréat en informatique, dans un domaine connexe, ou formation et expérience professionnelle équivalentes. 3+ ans d'expérience dans le développement de services backend dans un langage comme NodeJS, Ruby, Java ou Go. 3+ ans d'expérience de travail avec un framework frontend comme Angular ou React. Excellentes compétences en communication Familiarité avec Amazon Web Services (AWS) ou un autre grand fournisseur de cloud. Familiarité avec Linux. Familiarité avec diverses technologies de bases de données (nous utilisons MySQL). Expérience de travail avec serverless / lambda. Familiarité avec Docker. Familiarité avec les tests de charge. Expérience en développement sur plusieurs plateformes (Linux, Windows, OSX). 
ScrapedJobID897:
Contribute, design, implement, test, and improve the SDK and Unity Editor integrations Learn and collaborate with other team members to ensure high-quality product delivery that brings the best experience to game developers and gamers Write high-quality and scalable code that supports the existing and future functionality of the product At least 3 years of C# programming experience Experience with Unity Experience with writing and maintaining efficient code at scale A curiosity about the Blockchain space, wallets, minting and cryptocurrencies Contribuer, concevoir, mettre en œuvre, tester et améliorer le SDK NFT et les intégrations de l'éditeur Unity Collaborer avec les membres de votre équipe pour apprendre et assurer la livraison de produits de haute qualité, qui offrent la meilleure expérience aux développeur(euse)s de jeux et aux joueurs Rédiger du code évolutif de grande qualité qui prend en charge les fonctionnalités actuelles et futures des produits Au moins 3 ans d'expérience en programmation en langage C# Une expérience avec Unity Une expérience en matière de rédaction et de maintien d'un code efficace à l'échelle Une curiosité au sujet de la thématique de la chaîne de blocs, des portefeuilles, de la frappe de monnaie et des cryptomonnaies (Bitcoin, Ethereum) 
ScrapedJobID898:
Design and architecture of the SDK Unity SDK offering. Work hand-in-hand with the key stakeholders and Unity team lead using the SDK, Unity 3D and associated tools. Write elegant, maintainable, reusable code, leveraging test driven principles to develop high quality applications Troubleshoot and resolve software defects and other technical issues Act as a mentor for Unity team developers. Review individual developer's code in the team to ensure highest code quality in the SDK Unity 3D team. 5 to 7+ years of extensive experience working on software products 5+ years extensive experience working with Unity 3D engine and have source code experience At least 3 years of full time C# programming experience Experience with native plugin development for Unity, including marshaling Full knowledge of C# language and .NET standards for C# code Basic understanding of software design patterns Experience with VR, AR, or MR/XR development Experience with performance optimization in Unity Experience with Git Experience working in engineering teams in an agile and dynamic environment Extensive experience working with developer tools like emulators, debuggers, profilers etc Strong functional and automated testing, test strategy and planning and development experience Experience with mobile software development a plus Experience building Game Engines is nice to have BA/BS. MS is preferred All your information will be kept confidential according to Equal Employment Opportunities guidelines 
ScrapedJobID899:
What we’d like: Proficient in JavaScript frameworks, e.g., React, Angular, Vue.js. 5+ years of experience in Java Framework Must have experience with Azure and/or AWS Experience in web application frameworks. Experience in web services. Experience working in both Agile and Waterfall environments. Knowledge of SOLID design principles. Experience with unit tests and mocking frameworks. Understanding of database technologies and performance tuning. Professional Development budget and days Interest-free tech-enablement loans A Career Mentor to support your growth and development RRSP/401K matches Bonus programs Wellness program 
ScrapedJobID900:
A bachelor's degree in computer science or computer engineering A minimum of 8 years of software development experience A minimum of 3 years experience in managing a team of programmers (task distribution, performance evaluation, etc.) A good command of different programming languages (C ++, C #, SQL, WPF and others) Excellent communication and strategic leadership skills The ability to stay calm in difficult situations (you know there is always a solution) The ability to put yourself in the shoes of other trades and users of your systems Strong interest in the video game production process Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID901:
Design innovative and engaging digital experiences for web, mobile, tablet, and smart device technology. Create high-fidelity design artifacts such as annotated wireframes, visual design comps, storyboards, and interactive prototypes as necessary to communicate your designs to users, stakeholders, and teammates. Lead UX design activities on digital product development teams. Use UX research techniques, including interviews, surveys, task/workflow analysis, focus group sessions, or diary studies to drive your designs. Mentor and share knowledge with others to help sustain a user-centered, design thinking culture within Digital Studio and Online. Minimum of 2 years’ experience as a UX designer on a product development team. Proficiency in design tools such as Sketch / Figma, InVision Studio, Adobe Creative Suite and Axure. Proficiency in UX disciplines, such as interaction design, information architecture, visual design, user research, and front-end development. Familiarity with standards-compliant web and mobile design patterns. Ability to communicate UX principles, goals, and design processes to clients and team members. Related degree or diploma, such as design, HCI, interaction design, psychology, human factors, or computer science. Professional Development budget and days Interest-free tech-enablement loans A Career Mentor to support your growth and development RRSP/401K matches Bonus programs Wellness program 
ScrapedJobID902:
Write high quality and well-documented code according to accepted standards based on business requirements using one or more of the following tools and technologies: Oracle ADF Framework, Oracle JDeveloper, Java, JavaScript, SQL, PL/SQL Be or become familiar with Oracle Workflow usage and internal database structure Evaluate alternative design approaches to meet business requirements Create detailed technical design specification documents that can later be used for programming when required Conduct extensive testing to ensure compatibility of the program with Oracle’s version. Provide estimates for development items and consistently meet estimate and programming deadlines Provide standard product and enhancement support If needed, effectively work with other teams to assist with defect resolution Provide integrated testing and debugging for new programming tasks/functions Collaborate with team members and other departments to find solutions Participate in project and team meetings Other related duties as assigned University Degree, preferably in Computer Science 3 plus year hands-on professional Java/J2EE programming experience (includes Java, JDBC, JSP, JavaScript, Struts Framework). Familiarity with HTML5, JQuery & CSS. Knowledge of creating reports using Jaspersoft iReports would be a plus. Familiarity with Oracle databases and SQL, PL/SQL Knowledge of Oracle JDeveloper, Ajax, WebLogic, Oracle Workflow, or diagram editing would be an asset. Excellent communication skills – both written and oral. Competitive benefits Package (including Health & Dental benefits) Paid vacation and personal days Townhall meetings where all employees are encouraged to participate in open discussions Located on York University’s campus, easily accessible by transit (TTC, GO, etc.), walking distance to shopping and restaurants Outdoor lunch space, including picnic tables An active Social Events Committee (past events include annual seasonal parties, pool and bowling tournaments, karaoke nights, Game nights, BBQ’s, and more) Health and Wellness focus including virtual yoga classes and wellness webinars RRSP Matching Program after 2 years of employment Experience in a rapidly growing, socially responsible corporation 
ScrapedJobID903:
Oversee internal and external technical projects and dependencies for Halo Infinite : ensure contingency plans are in place, recommend solutions, validate plans and timelines, and understand the overall impact on stakeholders Take ownership of various sub-teams of Halo Infinite's engineering team and support them to deliver on key milestones Interact with and manage various key internal and external stakeholder groups, using expert communication skills to foster strong and collaborative relationships Participate in high level planning with project managers and technical directors, while contributing regular updates on engineering efforts of key sub-teams Provide career management to your team through annual performance reviews, ongoing mentorship and feedback, and regular 1-on-1s Support the team directly by providing hands-on coding solutions to help solve complex problems or blockers when needed Be an active participant and driver of SkyBox culture of learning, development, and collaboration 10+ years of professional software engineering experience in the games industry At least 2 years' experience in a leadership role driving technical road maps and managing high performing engineering teams Experience shipping multiple game titles on PC and/or console Extensive experience programming in C++ Strong stakeholder management skills and experience communicating with technical and non-technical teams Experience providing career management to software engineers, with strong leadership skills and a desire to teach and mentor others Driven and self-motivated to produce results and lead technical initiatives Familiarity leading a team in the early stages of a growing project 
ScrapedJobID904:
Posséder, hiérarchiser et maintenir le backlog produit de l'équipe de développement, y compris la définition des épopées, des fonctionnalités, des user stories et des critères d'acceptation Établir et maintenir une vision et une feuille de route du produit partagées entre l'équipe de développement et les parties prenantes Agir en tant qu'expert en la matière pour les produits assignés Apporter de nouvelles perspectives sur la façon dont nous pouvons améliorer nos produits pour mieux servir nos parties prenantes Travailler avec l'équipe de développement et les parties prenantes sur les processus d'équipe et les améliorations du flux de travail Rechercher et analyser l'industrie du jeu mobile, les concurrents et les personnas Participer en tant que membre de l'équipe de développement Scrum et propre aux tâches de l'équipe Capable de prendre des décisions et de se les approprier Passion pour les jeux mobiles et une vision de l'industrie du jeu mobile et du F2P Expérience en tant que Product Manager, Product Owner ou Business Analyst dans un environnement Agile Connaissance d'Agile / Scrum, idéalement avec certificat CSPO / PSPO Connaissance de chaque étape du cycle de vie d'un produit Un esprit analytique et d'excellentes capacités de communication et d'écoute active Une première approche d'équipe pour la résolution de problèmes Excellentes capacités d'organisation, méticuleux, autogéré et pragmatique Enthousiaste, débrouillard et adaptable dans un environnement innovant et rapide Capacité à travailler sous pression tout en respectant les délais et en obtenant des résultats Une solide éthique de travail et la capacité de prendre la responsabilitiés des produits de manière proactive Expérience de travail avec JIRA ou un autre outil de gestion du backlog Own, prioritize, and maintain the development team’s product backlog, including definition of epics, features, user stories, and acceptance criteria Establish and maintain a shared product vision and roadmap between the development team and stakeholders Act as the subject matter expert for assigned products Bring new perspectives on how we can improve our products to better serve our stakeholders Work with development team and stakeholders on team processes and improvements to workflow Research and analyze the mobile game industry, competitors, and personas Participate as a member of the Scrum development team and own team tasks Able to take decisions and own them Passion for mobile games and a vision of the mobile game industry and F2P Experience as Product Manager, Product Owner or Business Analyst in an Agile environment Knowledge of Agile / Scrum, ideally with CSPO / PSPO certificate Knowledge of every stage of a Product lifecycle An analytical mind and excellent communication and active listening skills A team first approach to problem solving and solutioning Excellent organization skills, being meticulous, self-managing, and pragmatic Is eager, resourceful and adaptable in a fast-paced, innovative environment Ability to work under pressure while respecting deadlines and achieving results A strong work ethic and ability to proactively own products Experience working with JIRA or another backlog management tool 
ScrapedJobID905:
Write high quality and well-documented code according to accepted standards based on business requirements using one or more of the following tools and technologies: Oracle ADF Framework, Oracle JDeveloper, Java, JavaScript, SQL, PL/SQL Provide estimates for development items and consistently meet estimate and programming deadlines Provide standard product and enhancement support Provide integrated testing and debugging for new programming tasks/functions Create detailed technical design specification documents that can later be used for programming when required Conduct regressive testing to ensure backwards compatibility of the system Evaluate alternative design approaches to meet business requirements Collaborate with team members and other departments to find solutions Participate in project and team meetings Other related duties as assigned University Degree, preferably in Computer Science 3 plus year hands-on professional Java/J2EE programming experience (includes Java, JDBC, JSP, JavaScript, Struts Framework). Familiarity with HTML5, JQuery & CSS, Ajax. Familiarity with Oracle databases and SQL, PL/SQL Knowledge of web security: authentication, protocols Knowledge of http traffic workflow. Knowledge of Oracle JDeveloper, weblogic would be an asset. Excellent communication skills – both written and oral. Competitive benefits Package (including Health & Dental benefits) Paid vacation and personal days Townhall meetings where all employees are encouraged to participate in open discussions Located on York University’s campus, easily accessible by transit (TTC, GO, etc.), walking distance to shopping and restaurants Outdoor lunch space, including picnic tables An active Social Events Committee (past events include annual seasonal parties, pool and bowling tournaments, karaoke nights, Game nights, BBQ’s, and more) Health and Wellness focus including virtual yoga classes and wellness webinars RRSP Matching Program after 2 years of employment Experience in a rapidly growing, socially responsible corporation 
ScrapedJobID906:
Monitoring and oversee team activities and day-to-day operations, provide status updates to management Coordinate with other Team Leads to facilitate intra-teams collaboration and with Squad leaders to manage team members’ participation Maintain a supportive and productive team environment, encourage transparent and supportive communications, resolve issues and conflicts, facilitate team building activities, and promote creativity and risk-taking culture Utilize Flutter International tools and techniques such as goal management, performance reviews, mentoring, and coaching to progress team effectiveness within respective areas, and to ensure efficiency in daily activities while meeting delivery initiatives Listen to and provide timely feedback, monitor happiness, satisfaction, and mental wellness, recognize and reward accomplishments of team members Enforce Agile and SDLC best practices with team members Discover learning needs and provide training resources Interview and screen potential candidates to join the team Strong experience in People Leadership role Strong experience in setting and evaluating SMART KPIs goals Capable of being empathetic but also separate themselves and being impartial when dealing with team members’ issues and conflicts Able to delegate tasks and set deadlines and expectations Strong experience and understanding of the Agile approach, modern development/testing/deployment methodologies, and release branching strategies Strong experience with collaboration and documentation tools such as Atlassian Jira and Confluence, Microsoft SharePoint and the Office suite Capable of clear and effective communication, both in written and in verbal form, for providing updates and estimates, collaborating and empowering team members, and contributing to the knowledge repository Quick learner, detail-oriented, excellent planning and time organization, able to self-organize and handle multiple competing priorities Keen interest in the latest technology in the industry related to the development stack Computer Science or Software Engineering academic background or equivalent practical experience Knowledge of different Casino games rules and related domain is a plus Knowledge of probability and statistics concepts is a plus Health and dental insurance for you, your partner and your children (if you all live at the same address) A personal interest allowance to let you learn something new or pursue a hobby Looking to extend your family? You will receive a cash gift of $1,900 for your new addition whilst working for us Discounts on local gyms, restaurants and events Free snacks and catered lunch In-house training and development to develop your skills, progressing your career 
ScrapedJobID907:
Design and develop features according to business requirements using EIS platform. Support systems already in production. Work with Business analysts and clients to better understand requirements and business needs. Write automation tests to cover delivered features. Actively participate during Scrum ceremonies: planning, backlog refinement, dailies, retrospective. Work according to the best practices and standards. Onboard newcomers and use internal knowledge sharing platform “EIS Stack overflow” to ask and answer questions. Contribute to the overall team success during all phases of the software development life cycle. Curious to learn, use, extend, internal frameworks and solutions. Growth oriented not only towards yourself but also towards your teammates and company success. Teacher mindset is a definitive plus. Working knowledge of Java Core 15+, Docker Compose, rxJava 2, Spring Core, Spring Boot, Unit testing. Experience working with REST API and knowledge of HTTP protocol. Design patterns: Facade, Command, CQS. Understanding of SQL, NOSQL. (Advantage) Understanding of distributed systems architecture and microservices. (Advantage) Understanding of KAFKA or other messaging solutions. (Advantage) Understanding of Jenkins, Kubernetes, Grafana, ELK or similar. A minimum of 4 years of experience as a Software Developer. Experience with scrum and agile. Global team and global spirit An open, dynamic and informal working environment with game zone, cookies, fruits, ice cream and even more Challenging projects Training, conferences and certification programs Flexible working hours, additional vacations Competitive salary 
ScrapedJobID908:

ScrapedJobID909:

ScrapedJobID910:
Advise engineering teams on security risks and best practices Lead critical and regular security releases Lead application security reviews and threat modelling, including code review and dynamic testing Lead in development of automated security testing to validate that secure coding best practices are being used Design, architect, and implement defensive security controls across services Develop security metrics Identify threats and develop suitable defense measures, evaluate system changes for security implications, and recommend enhancements. Perform in-depth security audits of program source code Perform proactive research to detect new attack vectors and pentest internal and external apps Perform penetration testing of our software and remediate issues found Investigate network protocols, memory dumps and file systems. Instrument and debug software programs dynamically and identify root cause of program crashes. Review source code of applications and services for vulnerabilities when required Review, improve and maintain static and dynamic application security tests in our CI/CD pipeline Ensure all dependencies are monitored for security vulnerabilities and updated in a timely manner Run periodic application security assessments and write reports for internal and external use Stay on top of vulnerability management and patch management Assist with our Responsible Disclosure Program Support external security programs, such as audits, compliance and penetration testing Conduct Security Training & Outreach trainings when requested Software development experience writing or maintaining applications Experience with scripting languages. Ruby and Ruby on Rails is preferred Experience with Vulnerability and Patch Management (including dependency management) Experience with Identity and Access Management methods and systems Deep understanding of how the network and web protocols such as TCP, UDP, HTTP, HTTPS, DNS, routing and IPSEC work Knowledge of security frameworks such as OAuth, SAML, OpenID Experience with OWASP, static/dynamic analysis, and common security tools. You know the OWASP top 10 like the back of your hand A knack for finding flaws in software and can efficiently communicate how to fix them Ability to communicate effectively with technical and non-technical members Ability to solve challenging problems A keen eye for detail whether it’s code, spelling or something else entirely Ability to take a stand yet commit even when you disagree Experience with AWS networking and security tooling Experience with Incident Handling and Response Industry certifications (e.g. OSCO, CISSP, CCSP, etc.) Experience contributing to the open-source community 
ScrapedJobID911:
Engage with fellow developers through active participation in code reviews, design Dedication to an iterative development process driven by the goal to continuously Develop clean, maintainable, and documented solutions Collaborate with backend engineering teams through traces, metrics, and Deploy applications regularly adhering to studio standards and best practices Participate in requirements gathering to inform design and development Participate in user observation studies to be regularly evaluating how users work and Follow standard UX design methodologies throughout the development process Proficiency in modern web application features,design goals, and architecture (i.e. Web Expertise with modern frameworks, standards, technologies used in front end web Experience with micro-services architecture Strong communication, collaboration, and problem solving skills Experience working closely with UX design teams and backend development teams Experience with testing frameworks (i.e. Cypress) Production experience in computer animation, visual effects, or game industry A portfolio of user interface samples that demonstrates skill and passion Experience with Node.js, Express, and building JS modules using technologies such as NPM We are a company built on positive relationships and collaboration, and you will have the opportunity to build strong business relationships while acting as a specialist in Product Management. You will manage multiple business relationships and collaborate with people from both corporate and field. This is an opportunity to work independently, in a fast-paced environment, and lead projects. 
ScrapedJobID912:
Evolve, expand, and support our custom tool suite for grooming, tailoring, cloth/hair simulation, and additional in-shot work (e.g. sculpting, character performance tuning) Develop new approaches for art-directed simulation with a high level of artistic control Expand our procedural geometry tools for creating hair styles and fur grooms, Collaborate with artists on developing intuitive visualizations and interactive workflows Our engineers get the opportunity to work on the full stack of our tools, from developing the underlying algorithms through building intuitive artist-friendly interfaces. Work hand in hand with artists to make the tools we need for the incredibly complex and rich characters and environments featured in our movies. Support the artists in their day-to-day work including debugging any issues with the tools as well as brainstorming on the best use of the tools to solve a particular creative challenge. Develop new artist-centric interaction models using the latest hardware and technologies. Professional experience in a software developer role Master’s/Ph.D. with specialization in Computer Graphics (with a focus on areas related to our hair and cloth toolset) or comparable industry experience in a research, studio, or games environment Proficiency in C++, strong software design and engineering skills Strong mathematical fundamentals, such as linear algebra and numerical methods Excellent problem solving, troubleshooting and debugging skills Ability to develop and optimize algorithms for efficiency and scalability Deep understanding of computer graphics foundational concepts, algorithms, and related artistic workflows Ability to prioritize competing demands Exemplary communication, including the ability to engage with artists to understand their requirements and formulate practical solutions Experience working in an Animation production environment Expertise in performance tuning and writing/debugging of parallel and vectorized code Knowledge of the latest publications in the academic community relevant to hair and cloth Familiarity with UI development toolkits (QT) for building clean interfaces Ability to adapt and extend relevant research to production-level tools tailored to the specific art-directed needs Working knowledge of Python Other expertise: Maya, Houdini, USD, OpenGL 
ScrapedJobID913:
Develop realtime 3D environments for use with training and testing AI systems Light environments using both baked and real time solutions Set up cameras and post effects in real time environments Manage projects using Perforce, Git, and/or other source control software Expert-level experience with crafting and lighting environments in Unity Strong experience in DCC packages such as: Autodesk 3ds Max, Autodesk Maya, Blender, Pixelogic ZBrush, Adobe Substance Designer, and Adobe Substance Painter BS degree in Game Design, Animation, Graphic Art, or a related field, or equivalent experience. Experience in game development (or equivalent visual effects fields) with multiple shipped titles, films, or applications Key skills in Unity, VFX, materials setup, scene generation, lighting setup. Experience in groups that have developed or made use of synthetic data for computer vision Experience crafting procedural systems using industry tools such as Side Effects Houdini Extensive scripting experience in C#, Python or other languages 
ScrapedJobID914:

ScrapedJobID915:
Share a passion to innovate, especially in the design and development of open world games Work closely with the art team and the level/mission design team to design and create inspiring 3D content that visualizes the vision and design of the game Plan, prioritize and assign tasks and manage your team's schedule Help team members to reach their full potential, follow quality standards and meet deadlines Create AAA 3D art that works within technical constraints and can be used as a benchmark for other 3D artists Produce and iterate on a variety of assets through all phases of production including in-game blockouts, organic surfaces, hard-surface models, marketing assets, and more Be able to think about your art in the service of the world of a new IP to create assets that will enrich the experience Take an active role in the evolution of the game, working with all disciplines to understand the vision and design for the game and using that experience to inform concept work Be an active mentor by training and guiding other artists on the team to improve their craft and deliver top-tier quality content At least eight years of professional AAA game development experience At least five projects shipped in a leadership position At least two AAA action titles shipped, one during the current generation of video games (PS4/XBOX ONE) Experience leading and managing a team of 3D artists on a AAA project A portfolio of visionary and inspiring 3D work you can show and talk about your ideas to the team Skillful in communicating with other developers, eager to help others and learn from them Take critical feedback and iterate on your work based on the needs of the experience Excellent leadership mindset, ability to work in a team, with good leadership skills and to delegate work accordingly Strong traditional art skills Experience creating style guides a plus 
ScrapedJobID916:
Create, maintain and support automation scripts using our in-house automation system; which can be built using a scripting language (Python) or UE4 visual scripting (Blueprints). Help develop Tools & Automation processes by working closely with the Production and QA Development team members. Also, implement and enforce them across their assigned WB Games projects. Work with QA Development Team to design & suggest features or tools that connect, enhance or aid Testing. Provide valuable and meaningful data and information to the internal and external partners to help launch products at the desired quality level. Follow closely the progress of their assigned Automation mandates with frequent reviews involving, functional QA (FQA), Production and QA Development partners. Be flexible and adapt to changes. Collaborate with them to resolve issues and difficulties. Gather requirements and write design of automation targets on a variety of games developed by WB Games. Create and maintain automation scripts built in Python, Unreal Engine (Blueprints) and our in-house automation system. Meet and discuss with various game production teams on automation needs. Meet with FQA leads to gather automation requirements and priorities. Understand and use our in-house automation system. Help the QA Development team to identify and define new features needed in the in-house automation system. Keeping track of test results and validate that the title is in good condition for automation Determine which debug features are necessary to complete scripts and either create (UE4 Blueprints) or request them Creation of automated reports that are deliver in excel of Slack format, for various departments. Proficient with Jira Queries, Filters & Dashboards Experience with object-oriented programming languages Have an analytical mindset Creative problem solver Be very autonomous, innovative and a quick learner Possess strong verbal and written communication and reporting skills Love to learn and experiment Passionate about video games 2+ years of experience using Python or a similar scripting language. 2+ years of experience using Unreal engine (blueprints). 2+ years of technical experience within the video games field. Deep knowledge of a AAA videogame production and development environment. Good knowledge of development engines (Unreal Engine), source control (Perforce) and integrated development environments (Visual Studio). Exclusive WarnerMedia events and advance screenings Paid time off every year to volunteer for eligible employees Access to well-being tools, resources, and freebies Access to in-house learning and development resources Part of the WarnerMedia family of powerhouse brands 
ScrapedJobID917:
405 Av. Ogilvy, Montréal, QC H3N 1M3, Canada Employees can work remotely Full-time Department: Animation Location: Canada / Montreal Project: Dagger A minimum of 5 years of professional experience as an animator in game development Work on at least one shipped AAA title Strong understanding of the principles of animation and character anatomy Excellent organizational, communication, and time management skills Able to take direction and implement feedback Ability to think outside the box to come up with more efficient techniques High work ethic and self-motivated Mentor junior and mid-level animators and provide feedback on best practices Artistic skills in storyboarding, previs, figure study, gesture drawing, illustration and painting Technical skills in rigging, scripting, facial animation and lip-syncing, proficient in Maya and Motionbuilder Familiarity with Unreal 4 or similar game engine Competitive salary and performance-based bonuses Personal development opportunities and the possibility to work in a multicultural environment Working with highly-skilled, senior-level professionals Being part of a young organization and having a true impact on your daily work Business trips and integration events Comprehensive assistance in relocation Opportunity to work on innovative, exciting AAA projects with the newest technologies An informal atmosphere, no dress code, no unwanted formalities 
ScrapedJobID918:
Concevoir, construire et adapter les systèmes économiques de base pour un jeu AAA multiplateforme. Coordonner avec les concepteurs principaux et le directeur créatif pour s'assurer que les systèmes économiques atteignent leurs objectifs et soient livrés aux joueurs dans un état complet, soigné et amusant Collaborer avec le gestionnaire de produits pour créer et mettre en œuvre des systèmes économiques à l'appui des indicateurs clés de performance et des besoins de monétisation Travailler dans des équipes multidisciplinaires avec des programmeurs, des artistes et d'autres concepteurs pour coordonner le développement de systèmes et résoudre des problèmes Guider le développement d'outils et de processus internes pour assurer une création de contenu rapide et une réduction des bugs Coordonner les tests des systèmes avec l'Assurance Qualité et les outils automatisés pour assurer une qualité constante du produit Plus de 3 projets AAA livrés jusqu'à leur terme dans un rôle de conception, un rôle de direction est un plus. La connaissance d'Unreal Engine 4 est préférable Doit posséder des compétences en mathématiques, y compris les mathématiques vectorielles, la capacité de développer des courbes de croissance, des systèmes de rendement décroissant. Être à l'aise en présentation (interne ou externes) Design, build, and iterate core economic systems for a multi-platform AAA FPS Coordinate with the Lead Design roles, the Creative Director to make sure economic systems are meeting their goals and delivered to players in a complete, polished, and fun state Collaborate with Product Management to create and implement economic systems in support of KPIs and monetization needs Work in multidisciplinary teams with coders, artists, and other designers to coordinate development of systems and solve problems Guide the development of internal tools and processes to ensure rapid content creation and less bugs Coordinate systems testing with QA and automated tools to ensure consistent quality of the product 3+ AAA Projects shipped to completion in a design role, leadership roles are a plus Love of the Borderlands franchise Knowledge of Unreal Engine 4 is preferred Experience with economic models – background in economics is a plus Must possess proficiency in mathematics including vector math, ability to develop growth curves, diminishing return systems, and possessing the ability to understand how to best utilize math so players don’t have to Possess the ability to speak confidently about economic systems to other internal Gearbox developers, external partners, private conferences such as GDC, and potentially media or press outlets in promotion of the game. 
ScrapedJobID919:
What we’d like: Proficient in JavaScript frameworks, e.g., React, Angular, Vue.js. 5+ years of experience in Java Framework Must have experience with Azure and/or AWS Experience in web application frameworks. Experience in web services. Experience working in both Agile and Waterfall environments. Knowledge of SOLID design principles. Experience with unit tests and mocking frameworks. Understanding of database technologies and performance tuning. Professional Development budget and days Interest-free tech-enablement loans A Career Mentor to support your growth and development RRSP/401K matches Bonus programs Wellness program 
ScrapedJobID920:
A bachelor's degree in computer science or computer engineering A minimum of 8 years of software development experience A minimum of 3 years experience in managing a team of programmers (task distribution, performance evaluation, etc.) A good command of different programming languages (C ++, C #, SQL, WPF and others) Excellent communication and strategic leadership skills The ability to stay calm in difficult situations (you know there is always a solution) The ability to put yourself in the shoes of other trades and users of your systems Strong interest in the video game production process Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID921:
Design innovative and engaging digital experiences for web, mobile, tablet, and smart device technology. Create high-fidelity design artifacts such as annotated wireframes, visual design comps, storyboards, and interactive prototypes as necessary to communicate your designs to users, stakeholders, and teammates. Lead UX design activities on digital product development teams. Use UX research techniques, including interviews, surveys, task/workflow analysis, focus group sessions, or diary studies to drive your designs. Mentor and share knowledge with others to help sustain a user-centered, design thinking culture within Digital Studio and Online. Minimum of 2 years’ experience as a UX designer on a product development team. Proficiency in design tools such as Sketch / Figma, InVision Studio, Adobe Creative Suite and Axure. Proficiency in UX disciplines, such as interaction design, information architecture, visual design, user research, and front-end development. Familiarity with standards-compliant web and mobile design patterns. Ability to communicate UX principles, goals, and design processes to clients and team members. Related degree or diploma, such as design, HCI, interaction design, psychology, human factors, or computer science. Professional Development budget and days Interest-free tech-enablement loans A Career Mentor to support your growth and development RRSP/401K matches Bonus programs Wellness program 
ScrapedJobID922:
Write high quality and well-documented code according to accepted standards based on business requirements using one or more of the following tools and technologies: Oracle ADF Framework, Oracle JDeveloper, Java, JavaScript, SQL, PL/SQL Be or become familiar with Oracle Workflow usage and internal database structure Evaluate alternative design approaches to meet business requirements Create detailed technical design specification documents that can later be used for programming when required Conduct extensive testing to ensure compatibility of the program with Oracle’s version. Provide estimates for development items and consistently meet estimate and programming deadlines Provide standard product and enhancement support If needed, effectively work with other teams to assist with defect resolution Provide integrated testing and debugging for new programming tasks/functions Collaborate with team members and other departments to find solutions Participate in project and team meetings Other related duties as assigned University Degree, preferably in Computer Science 3 plus year hands-on professional Java/J2EE programming experience (includes Java, JDBC, JSP, JavaScript, Struts Framework). Familiarity with HTML5, JQuery & CSS. Knowledge of creating reports using Jaspersoft iReports would be a plus. Familiarity with Oracle databases and SQL, PL/SQL Knowledge of Oracle JDeveloper, Ajax, WebLogic, Oracle Workflow, or diagram editing would be an asset. Excellent communication skills – both written and oral. Competitive benefits Package (including Health & Dental benefits) Paid vacation and personal days Townhall meetings where all employees are encouraged to participate in open discussions Located on York University’s campus, easily accessible by transit (TTC, GO, etc.), walking distance to shopping and restaurants Outdoor lunch space, including picnic tables An active Social Events Committee (past events include annual seasonal parties, pool and bowling tournaments, karaoke nights, Game nights, BBQ’s, and more) Health and Wellness focus including virtual yoga classes and wellness webinars RRSP Matching Program after 2 years of employment Experience in a rapidly growing, socially responsible corporation 
ScrapedJobID923:
planning algorithms to maximize the use of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) a missile defense simulation to test new strategies and algorithms a social discovery platform for intelligence analysts a malware analysis tool for cyber defense to understand how threats change over time a suite of web-based mash-up tools for people to combine data in new and interesting ways game AI for virtual characters in simulation-based training environments informative data visualizations across map, timeline, and network displays Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field

Two or more years of professional software development experience, ideally with exposure to the full software lifecycle

Proficiency in several programming languages (including Java) and technology stacks across desktop and web applications

Experience with user interface (UI) development

Experience working on many projects of various size, individually and as part of a team

Keen to learn more about new languages and frameworks

Experience using third-party libraries, frameworks, tools, and infrastructures Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field Two or more years of professional software development experience, ideally with exposure to the full software lifecycle Proficiency in several programming languages (including Java) and technology stacks across desktop and web applications Experience with user interface (UI) development Experience working on many projects of various size, individually and as part of a team Keen to learn more about new languages and frameworks Experience using third-party libraries, frameworks, tools, and infrastructures Experience with artificial intelligence or machine learning techniques

Experience participating in hackathons and coding competitions

Experience leading or contributing to open source software

Experience with prototyping technologies and tools

Experience with agile software development methodologies like Scrum

Experience with mobile development Experience with artificial intelligence or machine learning techniques Experience participating in hackathons and coding competitions Experience leading or contributing to open source software Experience with prototyping technologies and tools Experience with agile software development methodologies like Scrum Experience with mobile development Code and writing samples may be requested (please include a link to source code on your resume if you have one e.g. GitHub)

U.S. citizenship is required for this position Code and writing samples may be requested (please include a link to source code on your resume if you have one e.g. GitHub)

U.S. citizenship is required for this position Code and writing samples may be requested (please include a link to source code on your resume if you have one e.g. GitHub) U.S. citizenship is required for this position 
ScrapedJobID924:
Oversee internal and external technical projects and dependencies for Halo Infinite : ensure contingency plans are in place, recommend solutions, validate plans and timelines, and understand the overall impact on stakeholders Take ownership of various sub-teams of Halo Infinite's engineering team and support them to deliver on key milestones Interact with and manage various key internal and external stakeholder groups, using expert communication skills to foster strong and collaborative relationships Participate in high level planning with project managers and technical directors, while contributing regular updates on engineering efforts of key sub-teams Provide career management to your team through annual performance reviews, ongoing mentorship and feedback, and regular 1-on-1s Support the team directly by providing hands-on coding solutions to help solve complex problems or blockers when needed Be an active participant and driver of SkyBox culture of learning, development, and collaboration 10+ years of professional software engineering experience in the games industry At least 2 years' experience in a leadership role driving technical road maps and managing high performing engineering teams Experience shipping multiple game titles on PC and/or console Extensive experience programming in C++ Strong stakeholder management skills and experience communicating with technical and non-technical teams Experience providing career management to software engineers, with strong leadership skills and a desire to teach and mentor others Driven and self-motivated to produce results and lead technical initiatives Familiarity leading a team in the early stages of a growing project 
ScrapedJobID925:
Work with product, analyst, and design teams to craft customer-facing features. Design, implement, test, and maintain web UI and backend services Collaborate with other team members to maintain a high-quality codebase Lead personal project priorities, expectations, and results Comfortable in implementing complex front and backend features Proficient in the ReactJS or AngularJS framework Experience with one of the following languages (Golang, Java, Kotlin or Node.js) Experience with relational or document databases such as PostgreSQL or MongoDB Experience with ads technology, game monetization, or game analytics Experience building a project from scratch Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to mentor Travailler avec les équipes de produits, d'analystes et de conception pour créer des fonctionnalités destinées aux clients Concevoir, implémenter, tester et maintenir des services d'interface Web et dorsaux Collaborer avec le reste de l'équipe pour maintenir une base de code de la plus haute qualité Diriger les priorités, les attentes et les résultats des projets personnels Une aisance avec la mise en œuvre de caractéristiques complexes frontales et dorsales Une maîtrise des cadres de travail ReactJS ou AngularJS Une expérience dans l'un des langages suivants (Golang, Java, Kotlin ou Node.js) Une expérience avec des bases de données relationnelles ou documentaires telles que PostgreSQL ou MongoDB Une expérience de la technologie publicitaire, de la monétisation de jeux ou de l'analyse de jeux Une expérience de construction d'un projet à partir de zéro Une excellentes compétences interpersonnelles et capacité à encadrer 
ScrapedJobID926:
Work with the Creative Director and Art Director to adapt aesthetic concepts to real 3D game assets Create a variety of high quality, game-ready 3D models and shaders, including characters, vehicles, and props Define a standard for art assets and support the integration and feedback of outsourced art Collaborate with other team members to ensure art is integrated seamlessly with other facets of the game 5 years experience or at least one shipped title as a 3D Artist Experience creating high-quality models and shaders for Unreal Engine Broad 3D art skills, including photogrammetry, retopology, UV unwrapping, shader editors Able to create a variety of art at high quality, including characters, environmental objects, vehicles, and props Self-motivated and able to collaborate well with team members of all development disciplines 
ScrapedJobID927:
A bachelor's degree in computer science or computer engineering A minimum of 8 years of software development experience A minimum of 3 years experience in managing a team of programmers (task distribution, performance evaluation, etc.) A good command of different programming languages (C ++, C #, SQL, WPF and others) Excellent communication and strategic leadership skills The ability to stay calm in difficult situations (you know there is always a solution) The ability to put yourself in the shoes of other trades and users of your systems Strong interest in the video game production process Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID928:
Concevoir et créer de nouveaux outils en fonction des besoins des développeurs Collaborer avec des artistes, des concepteurs et d'autres ingénieurs pour le développement de fonctionnalités Identifier et éliminer les inefficacités dans le flux de création de contenu Design and architect new tools based on developer requirements Collaborate with artists, designers, and other engineers for feature development Identify and eliminate inefficiencies in the content creation workflow Plus de 7 ans d'expérience en développement de logiciels Excellentes compétences/expérience en programmation en C++ et C# Expérience en développement d'applications Qt et/ou WPF Solides compétences en communication Solides compétences en architecture et souci du détail Capacité à écrire un code clair et facile à maintenir 7+ years of software development experience Excellent programming skills/experience in C++ and C# Experience developing Qt and/or WPF applications Strong communication skills Solid architecture skills and attention to detail Ability to write clear and maintainable code Expérience de l'architecture client/serveur de jeux en réseau Expérience avec SQL Expérience de travail avec de grands ensembles de données Compétences en conception UI et UX Solides compétences en mathématiques 3D Baccalauréat en informatique ou expérience équivalente Experience with network game client/server architecture Experience with SQL Experience working with large datasets UI and UX design skills Strong 3D math skills Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience 
ScrapedJobID929:
Learn and understand features of the Veeva Vault platform and applications Collaborate with Developer, Product Owners, DevOps, and other QA teams to ensure the highest quality of the product by implementing automation-focused solutions. Perform automation feasibility analysis of assigned test cases Develop and maintain automated test scripts (API & UI) for functional regression coverage Work on CI/CD tools (Git, Jenkins, Kibana, JIRA) on a daily basis Identify areas of improvement for automation strategies and framework Participate actively in functional, system, integration, and regression testing activities Provide technical mentorship to junior team members including code reviews 6+ years of experience in software test automation Strong experience in Java, Object-Oriented Methodologies Extensive experience with automated API & UI test frameworks (e.g. Cucumber, Selenium, TestNG) Good working knowledge with CI/CD and continuous testing approach using tools such as Git, Jenkins, and Maven Experience testing software applications built on a common platform Good understanding of modern best practices for software development like design patterns, code reusability, extensibility, and maintainability Strong verbal and written communication skills Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent Experience working in Unix/Linux and AWS environments Experience with Atlassian products such as Jira and Confluence Knowledge of Pharma Live Sciences and Health Care Industry Conveniently located in downtown Toronto Snacks, beverages, and weekly lunches from local restaurants Team events and rec league sports teams Allocations for continuous learning & development Health & wellness programs Weekly yoga classes Ping pong and other games 
ScrapedJobID930:
Building tools and services, contributing to our PaaS compute options (Kubernetes, Chef & VM, Serverless). Making access to AWS/GCP services simple and effective. Ensure service scalability through effective code and data storage design. Build prototypes and proof-of-concepts as part of coming up with strong direction for a scalable, fault-tolerant infrastructure. Design, implement, test, and maintain scalable services that are capable of handling real-time and batch processing of thousands of requests. Experience with building backend for large scale applications using Node.js, Python and/or Golang. Experience with designing and developing REST APIs, authentication and securing APIs, asynchronous programming, databases and realtime mobile backends. Deploying and maintaining scalable applications on a cloud platform (AWS/Google Cloud Platform). Experience with DevOps standard methodologies and technologies including but not limited to Kubernetes, Docker and other CI/CD tools. Experience crafting web servers, CDNs and caching solutions with expertise in building micro services. Experience with C#, Unity's engine and related tools. Experience working with AWS, specifically S3, DynamoDB and ECS Master's degree in Computer Science, or equivalent engineering experience. 
ScrapedJobID931:
Python to build the backend of GridOS. React JavaScript on the front end of GridOS. Docker for containerization and deployment. Gitlab for repository management. Ansible to deploy environment configurations. Terraform to provision new environments. Develop new user-facing features and refactor and enhance existing features Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs Optimize applications for maximum speed and scalability and build reusable code and libraries Assure that all user input is validated before submitting to back-end services Support testing processes, troubleshoot and resolve issues. Work in an Agile/SCRUM team setting including cross-functional structures and varying levels of management. The education. You have a degree in Computer Science or equivalent. The experience. You have 3+ years experience developing large, stateful, component-based web applications using modern JavaScript frameworks (i.e. React, Angular, AngularJS, Vue, etc.) Since we use React, you must have a thorough understanding of React.js and its core principles. You’re familiar with version control systems and automated testing frameworks. The technical expertise. Your programming skills are strong and you can quickly learn new technologies. You have good understanding of web markup, including HTML5 and CSS3 and familiar with CSS preprocessors such as Sass, front-end build tools, such as Webpack, Grunt, and/or Gulp.js and with JavaScript module loaders, such as Require.js and AMD. You are also proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around such issues and browser rendering behaviour and performance. The communication. You have great communication skills that help you build positive relationships with your teammates. 
ScrapedJobID932:
Build an inspiring game vision and help champion that vision to other team members. Design, implement, tune, and balance game systems, economies, and progression. Solve game design problems that are worth solving; synthesize Game Mechanics, Theme, Monetization Strategies, and Social Features into an integrated product. Foster creative and scalable design solutions, improving the quality of the product and efficiency of the team. Work collaboratively with Producers, Designers, Product Managers, Engineers, Analysts, and cross-functional teams to facilitate well planned and executed features. Create design docs, drawings, diagrams, flowcharts, and any other necessary documents to communicate design functionality and vision Build Blockchain mobile, PC & web games that the world loves to play. Be a constant student of evolving game dynamics, emerging player behavior and trends, and champion these insights to improve effectiveness of design efforts. 7+ years of Game Design experience in PC, Web & Mobile free-to-play games. Strong verbal and written communication skills and ability to organized game design workflow from initial concept to final release and post-release support. An ability to embrace an environment that iterates constantly. Capable of wrapping your head around the challenges and opportunities inherent in blockchain technology. Strong analytical abilities and able to synthesize game systems and mechanics to improve game features and systems. Strong exposure and confidence in identifying and analyzing KPIs then providing action items to ensure the sustainability of your game from a revenue and growth perspective. Experience with all aspects of game design discipline: concept, game progression, interface, monetization, and retention. Pride in creating a high-quality, addictive and social game feature-sets Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience with an emphasis on game design, economics, math, or psychology. Spreadsheet wizardry. Experience with Sport Games a plus. 
ScrapedJobID933:
Work with the Core Leadership Team to understand the game vision and be the representative of said vision within your area of ownership; Work with Core Leadership and your cross-disciplinary UX team to build and communicate a shared vision of the desired User Experience of the game; Frequently communicate plans and progress with relevant teams spanning the project, including HQ and development teams in other worldwide locations. Partner with the User Research team to understand the player and use this intelligence to guide the direction and design decisions; Review the team’s work and provide clear and actionable feedback that refers back to the game vision, UX direction, and User Research data; Keep up to date on industry trends and best practices, while also looking beyond games in search of valuable insights. Participate in recruitment efforts with a view to building out an excellent UX team with a broad range of skills and experience; Leverage your experience build expertise in the studio by training and mentoring UX designers through the course of your daily interactions with them; You may be called to manage team members and thus have the responsibility to ensure each team member’s growth and success through setting goals and providing regular constructive feedback. This position will likely require some hands-on design and prototyping, especially in the early stages of the project; Collaborate with Programming, Art, Production, and QC teams during the design process to ensure designs are solid and feasible; Select the right tool for the job to ensure efficient process and communication. Know when to use low Vs high fidelity prototyping; Ensure the work of UX designers on the team is clear, well-thought-out and aligned with the established UX Direction. An undergraduate degree in Game Design, Human-Computer Interaction, Psychology, Computer Science, or other relevant education/work experience; Experience shipping games in a leadership position; Around 5 years of experience in UX Design; Understanding of fundamental UX principles and agile methodologies; A highly collaborative, creative, and innovative spirit; Excellent communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills; Ability to think holistically while building iteratively; A knack for translating analytical findings into actionable insights to inform decision-making; Consideration of the impact your choices have on end-users and creators; A passion for solving complex problems with design solutions and encouraging others to do the same. Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, skills, and any games shipped; A Portfolio of key projects if available. A hybrid, flexible work model Six weeks of vacation An enhanced parental leave program Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefits Package Disability Insurance Dental Insurance Extended medical insurance (Optional) RRSP contribution Relocation Assistance Bonus (If Applicable) 
ScrapedJobID934:
Develop, maintain and evolve the gateway technology (written in Erlang) and its client-side connection management layer (in C++) according to Demonware’s standards of reliability and quality Liaise with other teams on feature implementation, ensuring their requirements are met in a timely appropriate manner Ensure all components are highly scalable and maintainable Own the features and components developed Partner with other engineers to troubleshoot problems with online and multiplayer features, and provide an excellent customer experience Provide mentorship on best practices for backend development and integration 6+ years Software Development experience Excellent problem solving and analytical skills Excellent communication skills allowing effect interactions with internal/external teams Love to code. Excellent development skills, knowledge of either or both of Erlang and C++ is a plus, but not required. Previous experience designing APIs for use by other developers. Can understand and explain what makes a well-designed API A good understanding of networking protocols: TCP, HTTP, TLS, etc. Ability to analyze requirements and make corresponding design decisions Has initiative, and is able to complete complex tasks with minimal supervision Experience with game development or game engines Experience with continuous integration and agile methodologies Experience with building backend services, including skills in: Python or a similar language Linux & open-source technologies Database design, including MySQL and NoSQL databases Experience with large scale services (up to millions of concurrent users) 
ScrapedJobID935:

ScrapedJobID936:
Work in an Agile (Scrum/Kanban) environment and be involved in all technical activities within the team such as estimation, sprint planning, software development life cycle activities, code reviews, research, and documentation. Participate in a cross-functional team tackling exciting new features, challenging bugs, and performance issues. Contribute as a full-stack developer, working closely with our back-end and front-end stacks. Ensure software deliverables align with the technical architecture, development standards, and quality practices. Assist in building and executing unit tests. Develop well documented, intent-revealing code. Assist in monitoring the team’s code in a live environment. Participate in a learning environment through collaboration, knowledge sharing, and leadership. Work within your agile team to gather production metrics and stakeholder feedback using them to iterate and grow your team’s projects. A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering equivalent professional experience is required. Minimum 10 years of software development work experience. Familiarity of Agile (Scum/Kanban) practices and concepts Familiarity with HTML/JavaScript, TypeScript, React (or other modern front-end frameworks). Strong knowledge of C# (or Java and interest in learning C#), Web API, REST, Micro Services Strong Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) skills. Experience with Object Relational Mappers such as Entity Framework or Dapper Extensive experience with writing RESTful APIs and web development best practices. Must be able to write clean, well-factored code based on S.O.L.I.D. principles. Experience in writing, analyzing, and tuning well-performing TSQL queries. Experience with Test Driven Development is an asset. Self-motivated and driven to meet long-term goals. Ability to independently manage time to meet project deadlines. Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work collaboratively with other team members. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Can operate under tight deadlines. Understanding Object-Relational Mappers such as Entity Framework. General cloud-computing concepts (AWS). Experience with microservice architectures. Absorb LMS, C#, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript, React, ASP.NET/Web API, SQL Server Work-life balance. Paid vacation. RRSP matching. Employer-paid benefits: health, dental, and vision. Professional development plans. Career progression/internal mobility opportunities. Inclusive work environment. Casual dress code. Volunteering opportunities. Company/team building events. Games room, meditation & yoga space, state-of-the-art workplace. This position is eligible for participation in Absorb’s bonus program as outlined in Absorb’s Bonus Program Policy. The successful candidate may be located remotely in Canada. In the event a current Absorb employee would like to apply for this role they will inform their supervisor prior to submitting their application. This position will be subject to pre-employment background screening, including a criminal record check. The successful candidate must be able to show proof of legal eligibility to work in Canada and/or the USA without sponsorship. Incomplete online applications will not be considered. Please note, this posting will close when a suitable candidate has been identified. 
ScrapedJobID937:
Design and maintain Windows installers with a deep understanding of MSI sequences, ISCmdBld, and merge modules Design and maintain RHEL and RPM Linux packaging using CMake/CPack Design, manage and maintain tools to automate operational CI/CD processes used to deploy a variety of applications (Git, SVN, TeamCity, Gradle) Develop pipeline automation to quickly verify and validate product stability Develop tools and integrate new technologies to streamline the release process Maintain release tools and support release automation for different types of product releases (Windows, Linux, Docker, Kubernetes, Helm, etc.) Drive all end-game Release Engineer activity to ensure that the release milestones are met 3+ years of technical experience in a software development environment as an individual contributor in the related area Extended knowledge of scripting languages (Installscript, Java, Bash, PowerShell, Python, Groovy, etc.) Experience with Maven, Artifactory, Docker, Kubernetes, TeamCity, and OSS scanning tools such as Black Duck Superior analytical and problem-solving abilities; broad intellectual capacity to take on complex technical issues Excellent written and verbal communications skills; ability to provide clear guidance and instruction to others Demonstrated ability to get things done by being resourceful, building rapport, and seizing opportunities High EQ (Emotional Intelligence) guides how you motivate your team and resolve conflicts Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously, including resolving conflicts with competing priorities and tasks Operating System internals or low-level driver development Web/SaaS experience, C#, Java, JavaScript and working knowledge of network topology and REST APIs Use of Atlassian collaboration tools (Jira, Confluence) Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, or equivalent is a plus 
ScrapedJobID938:
What we’d like: Proficient in JavaScript frameworks, e.g., React, Angular, Vue.js. 5+ years of experience in Java Framework Must have experience with Azure and/or AWS Experience in web application frameworks. Experience in web services. Experience working in both Agile and Waterfall environments. Knowledge of SOLID design principles. Experience with unit tests and mocking frameworks. Understanding of database technologies and performance tuning. Professional Development budget and days Interest-free tech-enablement loans A Career Mentor to support your growth and development RRSP/401K matches Bonus programs Wellness program 
ScrapedJobID939:
Identify new prospects and target accounts in partnership with internal BD and sales teams Work with internal partners to develop proposals, project budgets and move opportunities through our approval process Demonstrate ability to drive custom client solutions using both existing and developing technology Closely align with the business on customer strategy and vision in order to optimize our client relationships Drive opportunities from first contact with a client through to the successful delivery of projects to develop a successful ongoing relationship Relevant leadership experience in either professional services, product or custom software development, delivering high quality results History of success in business development roles with a strong professional network that can be maximized to build new opportunities Outstanding interpersonal, communication, problem solving, and organizational skills and desire to continuously learn and improve, and engage forward thinking clients No restrictions on traveling internationally Perfect English in written and verbal communication Deep knowledge or experience working within a specific vertical is a plus Hands-on experience developing technical/software solutions Public speaking and thought leadership skills 
ScrapedJobID940:
Design and develop key systems such as screen flow, menu architecture, event systems, match-making and lobby UI, in-game 2D heads-up display and localization integration Develop and maintain tools and pipelines to enable artists and designers to work with the UI system Interact with other engineers to improve the whole technical team and process Assess requirements and provide effort estimates to guide an evolving development plan Collaborate continuously with design, art and technical teams to define requirements and iteratively build solutions Embrace and help improve our engineering practices for solid design, testing, and implementation 5+ years of proven game development experience Strong understanding of modern C++ Self direction and a proven ability to thrive in a highly dynamic environment Strong interdisciplinary collaboration skills, including verbal and written skills Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent Ability to work with an existing code base Experience with HTML/JavaScript/React Experience shipping AAA games Demonstrated passion for games and technology Experience with Unity 3D, Unreal, or other similar full-featured game engine Desktop / Console development experience Self direction and a proven ability to thrive in a highly dynamic environment Strong interdisciplinary collaboration skills, including verbal and written skills. 
ScrapedJobID941:
Develop and maintain backend applications Work on several proprietary ad tech applications including a demand side platform (DSP), data management platform (DMP), ad server, as well as a high-availability analytics application backed by a big data processing pipeline Architecture, design, and development of new features Solving complex issues around concurrency, security, performance and scalability Lead projects from conception to implementation Demonstrated knowledge and experience with Java, Spring Boot, and Scala Ability to produce reliable code following good coding principles Solid understanding of RESTful APIs and microservice architecture Strong proficiency in SQL Familiarity working with Git, including pull requests, code reviews, and CI/CD systems Uses a collaborative approach to building and debugging complex systems Passionate about improving software development workflows / process GCP, React, Python, Ad tech industry knowledge would be beneficial but not necessary Work Perks Program On-site GoodLife Fitness, Basketball & Volleyball courts, Ice Rink, Groceries delivered to work via PC Express, Dry Cleaning services (1PCC Office) Tuition Reimbursement & Online Learning Pension & Benefits Paid Vacation 
ScrapedJobID942:
Facilitate our clients' product visions by researching, ideating, sketching, and testing high-quality user experiences for digital products. Translate concepts into deliverables: wireframes, user stories, user journeys, and mockups optimized for a wide range of devices and interfaces. Make strategic design and user-experience decisions related to core, and new, functions, and features. Design apps and websites. Present and rationalize your design decisions based on design theory and usability research. Identify design problems and devise elegant solutions. Take a user-centered design approach and rapidly test and iterate your designs. Collaborate with other team members (designers, developers, product owners, and project managers) and client stakeholders. Take smart risks and champion new ideas. Continually improve keeping yourself and your design team updated with the latest techniques and tools in UX design. Three or more years of UI and UX design experience and a track record of excellence as demonstrated in your body of work. A post-secondary education studying design and applying it to digital products including apps and websites. High emotional intelligence, as demonstrated by your ability to put yourself in the mind of end-users. Expertise in UX software such as InVision, Sketch, Figma, or Adobe XD. Excellent communication skills to convey processes, ideas, and solutions to your team and clients. A solid grasp of user-centered design, usability, accessibility, and testing methodologies. A strong understanding of responsive design and the ability to design for both mobile and desktop screens. Passion for all things UX, design, and innovation as demonstrated by your showcase knowledge of current trends and technologies. Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process. Meaningful work contributing to projects that make a difference in people's lives; Continual professional development through mentorship, training, workshops, and conferences; Competitive salary; Health and dental benefits; Flexible hours and the ability to work remotely(from home or locations); Direct access to executives; Paid holidays; Free access to an onsite fitness centre; Endless free coffee, teas, and snacks; Participating in social team building events; Relaxing playing video games, watching Netflix; and Hanging out with like-minded people in a casual office with lots to learn and do. Bonus pay Overtime pay Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym Paid time off Work from home Monday to Friday Do you have experience designing mobile apps? Do you have experience developing wireframes and user flow diagrams? Provide a link to your portfolio site or PDF/link (and its password if needed). Candidates without a portfolio will not be considered. See job description for portfolio tips. Which are you seeking: permanent full-time, part-time, or freelance? Do you have experience designing website and web apps (functionality and interaction beyond marketing sites)? UX Design: 3 years (preferred) UI / visual design: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID943:
Analyze, plan and develop requirements and standards in reference to scheduled projects and initiatives as per agile practices; Assign and oversee the daily tasks of technical personnel while ensuring all engineers/developers are actively working toward established milestones Co-lead an agile team with Delivery and Product leads; Hold regular technical team meetings to determine progress and address any questions or challenges regarding projects Determine and define clear deliverables, roles and responsibilities for staff members required for specific projects or initiatives Research and evaluate hardware and software technology options and weigh the cost/benefit analysis when making large purchases on behalf of the company Recruit and train exceptional employees to fill posted positions within the technical department Work closely with leads in architecture, network, and security groups to establish patterns and ensure compliance with governance Hands on experience with software engineering, computer science, architecture, computer engineering or related technical field Demonstrated tenured experience with Java development (Java 8, 11) Strong understanding of best practices creating/working with Microservices in Spring boot framework; experience with Tomcat and WebSphere Application Servers Experience with Cloud Native Design Patterns. Cloud experience (preferably including some of GCP, Azure, PCF, OpenShift, Anthos, GKE). Strong understanding of Cloud API’s and scalability Strong testing framework experience (J-Unit, automated testing and performance testing) API creation and RESTful services with API Gateways and asynchronous and synchronous microservice integration patterns Relational (MySQL, Oracle, DB2, SQL Server) database experience Keen understanding of DevOps principles; Experience working with CI/CD pipelines (Jenkins, Git) and artifact repositories (Nexus, Artifactory, etc.) Work Perks Program On-site GoodLife Fitness, Basketball & Volleyball courts, Ice Rink, Groceries delivered to work via PC Express, Dry Cleaning services (1PCC Office) Tuition Reimbursement & Online Learning Pension & Benefits Paid Vacation 
ScrapedJobID944:
Designing, developing, and maintaining high-performance Android applications. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features. Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability. Work on bug fixing and improving application performance Participating in team discussions and planning sessions Pushing yourself and team members to ensure that goals are met Collaborating with technical and non-technical team members answering any questions they may have. Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency. Providing time estimates for your work and hit deadlines in an agile environment. Being excited to research and push new web technologies and experiences. Deep familiarity with Java and Android APIs Experience building high-performance Android apps with animations Experience with third-party libraries and APIs Strong Multi-platform and cross-browser development and debugging Knowledge of Bash (or other preferred shell scripting language) Asset: Have published one or more Android apps in the app store Asset: Linux / Unix / Mac OSX (command line and scripting) Asset: Git for revision control 
ScrapedJobID945:
Flash / Flex (3-5+ years) ActionScript 3 (3-5+ years) Strong understanding of gameplay mechanics PHP (1-3+ years) Bilingual French – English Agile environment OOP MVC good knowledge of other programming languages 
ScrapedJobID946:
planning algorithms to maximize the use of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) a missile defense simulation to test new strategies and algorithms a social discovery platform for intelligence analysts a malware analysis tool for cyber defense to understand how threats change over time a suite of web-based mash-up tools for people to combine data in new and interesting ways game AI for virtual characters in simulation-based training environments informative data visualizations across map, timeline, and network displays Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field

Two or more years of professional software development experience, ideally with exposure to the full software lifecycle

Proficiency in several programming languages (including Java) and technology stacks across desktop and web applications

Experience with user interface (UI) development

Experience working on many projects of various size, individually and as part of a team

Keen to learn more about new languages and frameworks

Experience using third-party libraries, frameworks, tools, and infrastructures Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field Two or more years of professional software development experience, ideally with exposure to the full software lifecycle Proficiency in several programming languages (including Java) and technology stacks across desktop and web applications Experience with user interface (UI) development Experience working on many projects of various size, individually and as part of a team Keen to learn more about new languages and frameworks Experience using third-party libraries, frameworks, tools, and infrastructures Experience with artificial intelligence or machine learning techniques

Experience participating in hackathons and coding competitions

Experience leading or contributing to open source software

Experience with prototyping technologies and tools

Experience with agile software development methodologies like Scrum

Experience with mobile development Experience with artificial intelligence or machine learning techniques Experience participating in hackathons and coding competitions Experience leading or contributing to open source software Experience with prototyping technologies and tools Experience with agile software development methodologies like Scrum Experience with mobile development Code and writing samples may be requested (please include a link to source code on your resume if you have one e.g. GitHub)

U.S. citizenship is required for this position Code and writing samples may be requested (please include a link to source code on your resume if you have one e.g. GitHub)

U.S. citizenship is required for this position Code and writing samples may be requested (please include a link to source code on your resume if you have one e.g. GitHub) U.S. citizenship is required for this position 
ScrapedJobID947:
Highly motivated and dynamic professionals Motivated designers with broad backgrounds and service mindset to be a consultant Professionals with ability to work both with in-house projects and on-site assignments at our customer’s locations Company Culture – outstanding people and a flexible work environment with lots of after work activities/groups! It’s so great, we even won an award for it! Work/Life Balance – 4 weeks holidays to start and work that stays at work! Career Growth Opportunities – being a design house keeps variety in your work. New opportunities happening all the time! Great Benefits – and, they start the same day you do… and, they include your family… and, the company matches your RRSP contributions! 
ScrapedJobID948:
5+ years experience managing data warehouses, building ETL pipelines and integrating BI systems 1+ years experience leading data analysts and other engineers Experience with launching games and supporting LiveOps In-depth understanding of cloud datastores Scripting and coding expertise to integrate different systems Expertise in security and access controls Understanding of full stack software development and DevOps Familiarity with PlayFab or Firebase Knowledge of data science and machine learning techniques Working in Agile, Kanban, or similar project management methodologies Very competitive salary Excellent employee benefits + a health and wellness spend account Equity participation (you own a stake in what you’ll help make!) Unlimited paid vacation Remote / Work from home / Flexible hours Generous training & development allowance; ongoing Company events Dental care Extended health care Stock options Vision care Wellness program Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID949:
Participate in game design discussions and contribute valuable ideas to all aspects of the project Work with the Creative Director and design team to define and communicate a clear vision for the game Develop prototypes to explore gameplay concepts, and iterate based on constructive feedback Design and implement amazing gameplay experiences through collaboration with the broader team Create and maintain clear and effective design documentation Experience in professional game development shipping multiple AAA titles, ideally with Unreal Engine Broad design experience in areas such as character and vehicle movement, content, systems, and progression Strong creative problem-solving, math, and analytical skills A deep understanding of the state of the art in game design and interactivity Excellent communication and collaboration skills Strong initiative, and ability to drive cross-discipline efforts An added value would be a degree in Computer Science, Game Design, or other related field 
ScrapedJobID950:
Collaborate with the Creative Director and Art Director to explore and establish the visual aesthetic of a new science-fiction IP, through sketches, concepts, and look development. Bring strong creative ideas and an ability to polish them to high quality, through sophisticated art techniques in lighting, composition, materials, and rendering methods. Participate in story, game, and design discussions, and help explore new ideas through sketching and rough concepts that quickly illustrate different possibilities. Create concepts for specific game needs as well as your own proactive ideas inspired by the theme of the IP
Seek and respond to feedback from other team members 3+ years experience in videogames, TV, or film A portfolio showcasing your experience with sci-fi concepts of characters, objects, and environments A passion for science-fiction and a talent for producing original creative ideas Ability to use 3D software as part of your workflow Self-motivated and able to collaborate well with team members of all development disciplines 
ScrapedJobID951:
We develop animation technology, from performance capture through to a sophisticated runtime engine, for massive open world games. We are a global team of programmers and researchers who collaborate on pushing the boundaries of character animation on next generation hardware. We support and work closely with gameplay, animation, and technical art teams, across multiple projects at different Rockstar studios. Join our core animation technology team and work closely with performance capture, animation, rigging, technical art, and tools teams across different Rockstar studios. Develop, maintain, extend, and support new and existing libraries and DCC plugins exposing core animation and character technologies to a broader range of developers and artists. Implement well designed multi-language tools and DCC plugins improving technology availability across different content creation environments. Learn how to work with animation system features in a large, existing codebase. A degree in Computer Science or a related discipline, or equivalent industry experience. Experience developing tools and plugins for DCCs (e.g. Maya, Max, Motion Builder, Blender, Houdini etc) A passion for character-based games and for creating tools and DCC plugins that simplifies and speeds up content generation. Strong Python and C++ programming skills. Familiarity with networking (e.g. TCP/UDP sockets) or inter-process communication techniques. Good communication skills, ability to clearly share complex technical information with other programmers, animators and technical artists. Industry experience working on AAA character based games, or character based VFX animation. Experience creating Python bindings to C++ libraries. Strong 3D math skills. Experience animating or rigging (using skeletal bones or blend shapes) in Motion Builder, 3DS Max, Maya, Houdini, or Blender, etc. 
ScrapedJobID952:
Designing and implementing long-lived graph APIs to tackle gameplay problems Working with code generation, understanding and analyzing intermediate languages and integration between native and managed memory Performing in-depth code reviews and ensuring quality of the code base is maintained through tests and CI Building a polymorphic graph evaluation engine with the team Concurrent and multithreaded design experience Knowledge of the .Net technological stack, C#, C++ Understanding of compilers and virtual machines, background or curiosity in graph theory Experienced in designing APIs and building SDKs A teammate who is driven, self-motivated and genuinely wants to provide value to users Experience in game development or building game engines would be a plus! Interest/experience in different domains such as audio/video, animation, etc Concevoir et mettre en œuvre des API graphiques à longue durée de vie pour résoudre les problèmes de jouabilité Travailler avec des outils de génération de code, comprendre et analyser les langages intermédiaires ainsi que l'intégration entre la mémoire native et la mémoire gérée Effectuer des revues de code approfondies et s'assurer que la qualité de la base de code est maintenue par le biais de tests et de tests CI En collaboration avec l'équipe, construire un moteur d'évaluation de graphes polymorphes Une expérience de la conception simultanée et multifil Une connaissance de la pile technologique .Net, C# et C++ Une compréhension des compilateurs et des machines virtuelles, ainsi qu'une expérience ou une curiosité pour la théorie des graphes Une expérience dans la conception d'API et la création de SDK Un(e) coéquipier(e) motivé(e) et désireux(se) de fournir de la valeur aux utilisateur(trice)s Une expérience dans le développement de jeux ou la construction de moteurs de jeux serait un plus! Un intérêt ou une expérience dans différents domaines comme que l'audio, la vidéo, l'animation, etc 
ScrapedJobID953:
As a key team member, you will help to scope, plan, and execute mobile application development. Collaborate with stakeholders and team members to iterate on solutions and to continually deliver value to our clients. Improve the application delivery process using automation and writing testable software. Contribute to solutions for new and interesting problems, which often involve spatiotemporal components. Participate in the product testing and peer review process. Develop yourself personally and professionally by actively setting and achieving ambitious goals. Impact Lim Geomatics' growth by developing great mobile applications and solutions. Comfortable with Agile development practices, working in small teams running modern dev ops. You have 4 or more years of mobile development experience. Cross-platform mobile development, C# and .NET knowledge, and Xamarin experience would be an asset. Experience with development environments on both Windows and MacOS. Experience with Esri technology and mapping solutions would be an asset. Experience with SQL and database technologies. Experience using peripheral sensors (GPS, Camera, Bluetooth, Motion) and their data would be an asset. Able to manage a workload that may touch on a few different applications any given week. You can independently research and implement solutions to complex problems. 
ScrapedJobID954:
Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site parking RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday How many years experience do you have with C#? How many years experience do you have designing and implementing reliable, scalable software? Yes 
ScrapedJobID955:
Build and maintain trusting and collaborative relationships with our co-development partners and interact with various key internal and external stakeholders Align with our partners on artistic direction to ensure high quality assets creation Work with art, production and technical leads to coordinate milestone schedules Anticipate and identify potential risks associated with meeting project deadlines, ensuring the appropriate steps are taken to resolve issues that may hinder progress or compromise project objectives Provide hands on solutions to help solve complex problems or blockers Evaluate and provide recommendations to improve processes, tools and workflows Create and manage team schedules and establish proper workflow among the art team Set out and assign tasks for the team and attend regular stand-ups Review the team’s work and provide clear and consistent feedback to ensure quality and alignment with project goals and artistic vision Provide career management to the art team through performance reviews, ongoing mentorship and feedback, and regular 1-on-1s 8+ years of experience in the games industry with a strong background in 3D character and/or environment art 5+ years of people management experience leading a team of artists, with a strong interest in mentorship and career development Experience shipping multiple game titles on PC and/or console Proven ability to provide artistic, technical and development feedback on a range of art assets Strong stakeholder management skills Strong attention to detail, organizational and time estimation skills Proactive with the ability to anticipate potential risks and issues and come up with appropriate solutions Able to take direction and receive feedback well Capable of managing competing priorities and working independently within established guidelines Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to lead, influence and motivate others Experience working with external development partners is a plus Experience working on AAA action/adventure titles Strong understanding of in-game visual production and processes 
ScrapedJobID956:
Partner with the Clients and our internal External Productions group to understand the overall game vision and the requirements of the project in order to be involved in the planning strategies. Pave the way for production: optimize workflows and pipelines and implement effective means to facilitate interaction between colleagues. Set clear goals for your team members to achieve + use tracking tools to make sure the process of delivering those goals is as smooth as possible. Understand dependencies, anticipate risks & put plans of action in place to minimize disruption of production. Build reports to clearly represent progress of the development. Proven experience shipping a real-time 3D game as a project manager, producer, or technical role Flexibility to adapt to a range of situations & navigate interdependencies Excellent communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills Proficiency in written and spoken English and are able to clearly communicate ideas and technical knowledge. A diligent, collaborative, and proactive spirit that gets results but never loses sight of the dedicated people behind the work that we are doing. Familiarity with the Unity Engine Experience working in a certain/multiple domains in AAA game development. Experience with Jira 
ScrapedJobID957:
Build, configure and implement scalable test automation systems for maintaining quality assurance standard methodologies and responsible for creating system test architecture. Build quality by ensuring proper test and code coverage, configuration quality, monitoring, and early performance testing. Define testing methodologies to tackle some of the unique challenges in automated testing of volumetric rendering and distribution. Work closely with the other developers to perform test analysis and help prevent functional or performance regressions across the pipeline. Chip in on tooling and analysis of performance and stability testing by integrating and adapting existing Unity test systems. Experience with scripting software automation testing products, such as: Unity Test Framework, Selenium, Mocha etc. Experience with test driven development, behaviour driven development and acceptance test driven development. Extensive knowledge of cloud technologies, including the testing of REST services, databases, etc Strong experience with Agile development and CI/CD, using tools such as: GitHub, BitBucket, Jenkins, Travis and JIRA Experience with developing automated test frameworks, performance-focused testing and analysis. Experience with C#, Unity's 3D engine and related tools. Experience with Docker, Kubernetes, Microservices, DeltaDNA, REST, JSON Experience working in a distributed team environment Concevoir, configurer et mettre en œuvre des systèmes évolutifs d'automatisation des tests afin de maintenir les pratiques exemplaires en matière d'assurance qualité, et être responsable de la création de l'architecture de test du système Développer un système de qualité en assurant une couverture adéquate des tests et du code, la qualité de la configuration, la surveillance et les tests de performance précoces Définir des méthodologies de test pour relever certains des défis uniques liés aux tests automatisés du rendu volumétrique et de la distribution Travailler en étroite collaboration avec les autres développeur(euse)s afin d'effectuer des analyses de test, et contribuer à prévenir les régressions fonctionnelles ou de performance dans le pipeline Participer à l'élaboration d'outils, à l'analyse des tests de performance et de stabilité en intégrant et en adaptant les systèmes de test Unity existants Une expérience en matière de création de scripts pour les produits de tests automatisés, par exemple Unity Test Framework, Selenium, Mocha et autres Une expérience en matière de développement piloté par les tests, par le comportement et par les tests d'acceptation Une connaissance approfondie des technologies infonuagiques, notamment le test des services REST et des bases de données Une expérience approfondie du développement agile et de l'approche d'intégration et de livraison continues à l'aide d'outils comme GitHub, BitBucket, Jenkins, Travis et JIRA Une expérience en matière de développement d'infrastructures de tests automatisés, ainsi que de tests et d'analyses axés sur les performances Une expérience avec C#, le moteur 3D de Unity et les outils connexes Une expérience avec Docker, Kubernetes, Microservices, DeltaDNA, REST et JSON Une expérience de travail dans un environnement d'équipe distribuée 
ScrapedJobID958:
Create physically-based Materials/Textures for use with props, environments, and characters Assist in material library creation and maintaining material pipelines Collaborate with other artists to build and integrate assets into a visually consistent and highly immersive world Match established art styles while helping improve the visual direction Portfolio demonstrating a wide variety of materials using both procedural and 3d sculpted techniques. Portfolio demonstrating tiled textures and 0-1 UV mapped assets. Assets must show strong attention to detail focusing on believability and overall esthetic composition Solid understanding of PBR standards and surface/light interactions Strong foundation knowledge in traditional arts Experience creating 3D art for a game project or title Able to use 3D and/or procedural techniques to create high-quality materials within production timelines Strong knowledge of UE4 Strong knowledge of Maya and/or another 3D software package Strong knowledge of Zbrush modeling Solid understanding of color theory, and be able to create balanced and appealing color palettes Must be punctual, diligent, articulate, and organized A desire to work and support a diverse and inclusive environment Experience leading other artists Shipped 1+ AAA title as an environment artist Experience using proprietary editors, software, and tools 
ScrapedJobID959:
Set up specific environments and tools for localization Development of tools for production Identify and extract localizable content from complex formats Convert final translated assets back to original formats Automate asset transfer from and to customers portals Troubleshooting issues coming from production, originating from translation process Contribute actively to the design, development and deployment of new production processes Customize localization workflows and facilitate integration of localization tools with different source content repositories Review and anticipate potential globalization issues for new features, locales and technology Analysis of web sites and applications for localization potential and time/material requirements Ensure compliance with clients requirements and integrity of data Provide support to operations and sales management Work with other developers and engineers to implement technical solutions for end-to-end localization processes Review business requirements and identify technical design that is required to meet the business needs University degree in computer science or equivalent background At least 2 to 3 years experience in software development Knowledge of programming languages (VB, VBA, C#, Java), scripting (Python, Perl, JavaScript) and markup languages (XML, HTML, XLIFF); confidence with API programming Experience writing SQL queries is a plus Advanced knowledge of regular expressions and text manipulation Excellent knowledge of most important CAT tools on the market (memoQ, XTM, Memsource, Wordbee, etc.) Advanced knowledge of internationalization good practices and experience with internationalization of web and mobile applications Knowledge of multilingual localization issues and procedures (managing characters set and encoding, text direction, text strings sorting and handling) Knowledge of Machine Translation technology is a plus Able to communicate effectively with stakeholders who have varying levels of technical expertise Fluent in English and French Passion for global solutions, international customers, and teamwork Focus on automation Good problem-solving skills combined with strong analytical abilities to find creative solutions Team player Strong time management, organizational and support skills Strongly service oriented, to efficiently support internal and external customers 
ScrapedJobID960:
Using your extensive software engineering experience you’ll interface with customers to deliver bespoke solutions and successfully co-develop games using SpatialOS and our suite of tools. Work directly with our internal studios to drive development of our 1st party games using SpatialOS. Be a focal point for all in-depth technical problems across all external games studios, covering all areas of gameplay development, helping solve some of the hardest challenges within the industry. Working directly with our customers, you will establish technical requirements from creative or design-led pitches. You’ll build engine integration solutions and best practices to enable our partners to adopt our software successfully. You will become a master of SpatialOS engaging with multiple internal teams and a variety of customers, engines and technologies as we continue to grow. Demonstrable knowledge and passion for games and/or game development. Strong communication skills to effectively interact with external teams and stakeholders. Strong Software Engineering with flexibility in ambiguous environments Cloud computing Hunger to learn and improve. 
ScrapedJobID961:
Position based in Halifax, Nova Scotia. Will consider remote. Study results of game usability tests and generate reports outlining player behavior Study live player data and work with game design team to reconcile design intent Work closely in support of Product Manager to generate ad hoc reports from player data or usability studies Segment players into useful actionable groups Fully engage in gameplay throughout the development process and provide context to data and reporting Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports Support the development of data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality Work independently to identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in data sets Filter and clean data as needed Work closely with management to prioritize business and information needs 5+ years of experience in game research and player data analysis Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques Strong knowledge of, and experience with, reporting packages (Tableau Software, Power BI etc…), and ability to query database and generate reports Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing large datasets Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings BS in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management, Behavioral Psychology or Statistics (or comparable) Proven ability to analyze player behavior within a live game Passion for playing and studying games Passion for data, trends and analysis Strong interpersonal skills; comfortable dealing with a wide range of people from executive management to offshore developers Excellent communication skills (verbal and written), ability to present complex technical information to non-technical business users Able to handle multiple tasks in a fast paced environment and adjust to frequent changes in requirements and deadlines Seasoned communicator that is comfortable on email, phone and IM, and has ability to effectively manage communication style up, across and down a management structure, within a diversely skilled organization in multiple locations Strong attention to detail, accuracy, accountability and deadlines, with excellent organizational, time-management, multi-tasking and project management capabilities Organized, reliable self-starter with strong creative thinking, analytical, problem-solving, decision-making and interpersonal skills Ability to work independently and collaboratively Ability to communicate reporting deliverables with both technical and non-technical internal stakeholders Has a positive attitude and thrives in fast-paced, interactive environment 
ScrapedJobID962:
Work with the level design team creating 3D models for use in creation of game environments, as well as complete environments and set pieces from initial block-out to final polish. Support efficient and collaborative prototype efforts with the design team and project leads. Create engaging and exciting environments and props with strong visual composition and interesting gameplay space. Work with the art Leads and art team to ensure artistic unity across the entire project. Collaborate with the design team to make gameplay and levels function harmoniously. Excel at maintaining consistent aesthetic and technical quality in all environments. Create content that aligns and maintains consistency with the visual direction for the game. Ensure all content meets the highest quality bar and the performance requirements of the game engine. Minimum of 3 years of experience in game development as an artist creating environment assets for games using Maya (or equivalent), Photoshop, Zbrush, and Substance Designer. Strong understanding of next generation asset creation pipelines in engines like UE4, Unity or equivalent. Demonstrated proficiency in organic and hard surface modeling techniques with a focus on stylized content. Possess a good technical background with ability to grasp new programs and systems quickly to support environment art creation. Excellent understanding of light, shade, color, and detail when creating game textures and materials. Self-motivation, superior communication skills, and a great team-player attitude. Able to work creatively as part of a large or small group. Proven ability with problem-solving / prototyping on a game team. Able to effectively collaborate with artists, game designers, and programmers. Strong knowledge and competency with Maya (or similar 3D package), Zbrush, Photoshop, Substance Designer. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Skill in one or more related disciplines – illustration, animation, visual effects, or technical art. Experience with Substance Painter and Substance Designer. Have shipped at least one AAA PC or console title as a 3D environment artist. Experience with JIRA, Confluence, Perforce, and other project management tools. Portfolio and / or reel demonstrating relevant artistic skills required. Only online artwork submissions will be accepted (e.g. website, sketchfab, blog or online album). Must be willing to complete an art test if requested. Opportunity to work on and develop a new and exciting IP Work from anywhere within Canada or come join us in Edmonton! 4 weeks of vacation annually Generous sick and personal days Flexible working hours NO CRUNCH policy RRSP Matching Program Vision, dental, and extended health benefits Health & wellness spending account 
ScrapedJobID963:
Health and Dental Benefits $1000 towards your health and wellness expenses 3-week paid vacation An inclusive environment Mentorship and career growth Company socials, meditation room, pool table and games room, free massages RRSP matching, ESPP contributions, annual bonus Working at the company ranked #1 in the Great Place to Work survey 2019 BS/MS in computer science or equivalent work experience 6+ years experience developing web, software, or mobile applications Solid grasp of software engineering fundamentals and their practical application Solid grasp of JavaScript fundamentals such as closures, prototype, callbacks, promises, error handling Experience with Object Oriented Languages such as: Java/J2EE, C#, VB.NET, Python, C++ Understand and preferably have experience with web services (REST or SOAP) Understand unit testing and preferably Test Driven Development Helpful, can-do attitude and a willingness to take ownership of problems Strong desire to learn and grow Excellent problem solving skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Commitment to team success and positive team dynamics Deliver high quality full-stack applications (requirements, design, code, documentation, etc.) Roughly 70-85% hands-on coding Contribute to early quality activities, including peer reviews of estimates, designs and code Resolve defects/bugs Partner with team members to deliver against commitments Grow and apply technical skills in service to customers Experience Agile Development, SCRUM, and/or Extreme Programming methodologies 
ScrapedJobID964:
Design, implement and maintain workflows for volumetric experiences in Unity. Work closely with a cross-discipline team and technical artists to provide highly productive authoring workflows in Unity. Design powerful and extensible APIs. Build and maintain production quality code for rendering, tools, and testing. Extensive experience with Unity, including proficiency in C# programming, rendering, artist tools and Unity workflows. Experience developing UI, tools and workflows with cloud backends and Unity. Understanding of DevOps including version control like Git, SVN and/or PlasticSCM, continuous integration (Jenkins etc), and development workflows. Performance-minded development, code profiling and optimization skills. Tight-knit collaboration and communication skills with the ability to adapt quickly to new technologies and tasks. Previous experience with a variety of concepts, practices, and procedures used in live TV & Broadcast. Experience with esports; casters, streamers and love for sports (soccer, basketball, football) A good grounding in the principles of customer/user experience design. Concevoir, mettre en œuvre et assurer la maintenance des processus de travail pour les expériences volumétriques dans Unity Travailler en étroite collaboration avec une équipe interdisciplinaire et des artistes techniques pour assurer des processus de création hautement productifs dans Unity Concevoir des API performantes et extensibles Écrire et maintenir un code de qualité de production pour le rendu, les outils et les tests Une expérience approfondie de Unity, notamment une maîtrise de la programmation C#, des outils de rendu, des outils d'artistes et des processus de Unity Une expérience dans le développement des interfaces utilisateur, des outils et des flux de travail avec les back-ends du nuage et Unity Une compréhension de la méthode DevOps, notamment du contrôle des versions comme Git, SVN et/ou PlasticSCM, de l'intégration continue (Jenkins, etc.) et des processus de développement Des compétences en optimisation et profilage de code, et en développement axé sur la performance Une aptitude à la collaboration et à la communication sans faille, avec la capacité de s'adapter rapidement aux nouvelles technologies et tâches Une expérience préalable des divers concepts, pratiques et procédures utilisés dans le secteur de la télévision et de la radiodiffusion en direct Une expérience dans le domaine des sports électroniques, des diffuseurs, des diffuseurs en continu et une passion pour le sport (soccer, basketball ou football) Une bonne connaissance des principes de la conception des expériences client et utilisateur 
ScrapedJobID965:
Architect and design smart contract implementations Coordinate with broader team to integrate finished blockchain contracts into the tech stack Keeping track of issues and timelines; making sure deliverables are completed by release date Design long-term vision on features, their priorities, and how they'll impact our customer base 2+ years blockchain experience (Solidity, Ethereum, or another blockchain) 5+ years engineering experience (either in-industry or side projects) 2+ years Management experience Passionate about games and the metaverse Strong communication skills Excited about NFTs? Experience on multiple blockchains (Polygon, Solana, Flow, ImmutableX, ect.) Play / familiar with video games, or video game development Worked at a startup before AWS experience (or similar) Postgres experience (or similar) 
ScrapedJobID966:
Casual dress Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Big data: 9 years (required) No 
ScrapedJobID967:
Work with the Creative Director and Art Director to adapt aesthetic concepts to real 3D game assets Create a variety of high quality, game-ready 3D models and shaders, including characters, vehicles, and props Define a standard for art assets and support the integration and feedback of outsourced art Collaborate with other team members to ensure art is integrated seamlessly with other facets of the game 5 years experience or at least one shipped title as a 3D Artist Experience creating high-quality models and shaders for Unreal Engine Broad 3D art skills, including photogrammetry, retopology, UV unwrapping, shader editors Able to create a variety of art at high quality, including characters, environmental objects, vehicles, and props Self-motivated and able to collaborate well with team members of all development disciplines 
ScrapedJobID968:
Write high quality and well-documented code according to accepted standards based on business requirements using one or more of the following tools and technologies: Oracle ADF Framework, Oracle JDeveloper, Java, JavaScript, SQL, PL/SQL Be or become familiar with Oracle Workflow usage and internal database structure Evaluate alternative design approaches to meet business requirements Create detailed technical design specification documents that can later be used for programming when required Conduct extensive testing to ensure compatibility of the program with Oracle’s version. Provide estimates for development items and consistently meet estimate and programming deadlines Provide standard product and enhancement support If needed, effectively work with other teams to assist with defect resolution Provide integrated testing and debugging for new programming tasks/functions Collaborate with team members and other departments to find solutions Participate in project and team meetings Other related duties as assigned University Degree, preferably in Computer Science 3 plus year hands-on professional Java/J2EE programming experience (includes Java, JDBC, JSP, JavaScript, Struts Framework). Familiarity with HTML5, JQuery & CSS. Knowledge of creating reports using Jaspersoft iReports would be a plus. Familiarity with Oracle databases and SQL, PL/SQL Knowledge of Oracle JDeveloper, Ajax, WebLogic, Oracle Workflow, or diagram editing would be an asset. Excellent communication skills – both written and oral. Competitive benefits Package (including Health & Dental benefits) Paid vacation and personal days Townhall meetings where all employees are encouraged to participate in open discussions Located on York University’s campus, easily accessible by transit (TTC, GO, etc.), walking distance to shopping and restaurants Outdoor lunch space, including picnic tables An active Social Events Committee (past events include annual seasonal parties, pool and bowling tournaments, karaoke nights, Game nights, BBQ’s, and more) Health and Wellness focus including virtual yoga classes and wellness webinars RRSP Matching Program after 2 years of employment Experience in a rapidly growing, socially responsible corporation 
ScrapedJobID969:
Lead the design, development, architecture and implementation of the core engine gameplay systems Create game systems that are intrinsically scalable and cross platform Create or improve tools as necessary to support specific features/systems Continuously test, debug, profile, analyze, and optimize across all applicable platforms Contribute with innovative and original ideas on all aspects of game production, leadership and development Keep up to date on state-of-the-art software engineering methods, practices, and technologies Mentor other engineers as needed to increase their capabilities and productivity Work closely with the leadership team in recruitment and resource estimation and evaluation Five or more years of experience in the creation and delivery of state-of-the-art, performance-minded AAA consoles of PC/Console games with two in-game credits required with UE4 Experience preferable with Third and First Person Game Development At least one shipped modern console or PC title in the Lead Programmer role. Experience working with team leads to develop project structures, best practices, programming workflows and project scheduling Solid working knowledge of all technical aspects of game development facilitating the leadership of programmers outside of core expertise Demonstrated proficiency in C++ Proficiency with linear algebra and general 3D mathematics Comfortable working with internal and externally developed code and middleware Effective communicator and collaborator with engineers and team members from other disciplines Desire and demonstrated ability to mentor junior programmers and help with their career growth A natural curiosity for all aspects of game development and a willingness to work on a wide variety of systems Comfortable in using source control software, such as Perforce and branching methodologies Excellent analytical and communication skills Self-motivated and passionate about making video games. Hands-on experience developing for New-Gen Console Systems Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Math, or related field Experience modifying UE4 source code Experience developing UE4 plugins and tools for other team members Experience designing and implementing threaded, asynchronous software Experience with real-time physics, animation, and inverse kinematics Experience with the technical challenges unique to complex game systems A fun and dynamic industry where you can make a difference. Professional and friendly work environment. An attractive salary package Awesome and talented colleagues. Support from all your teammates. Access to training and learning programs. 
ScrapedJobID970:

ScrapedJobID971:
A bachelor's degree in computer science or computer engineering A minimum of 8 years of software development experience A minimum of 3 years experience in managing a team of programmers (task distribution, performance evaluation, etc.) A good command of different programming languages (C ++, C #, SQL, WPF and others) Excellent communication and strategic leadership skills The ability to stay calm in difficult situations (you know there is always a solution) The ability to put yourself in the shoes of other trades and users of your systems Strong interest in the video game production process Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID972:
405 Avenue Ogilvy, Montréal, QC H3N 1M3, Canada Employees can work remotely Full-time Department: Code Location: Canada / Montreal Project: Dagger Strong C++ knowledge Minimum 7 years of software engineering experience Experience with Unreal Engine 4 Excellent math and/or physics skills Passion for writing solid, reliable, efficient code and highly scalable systems Experience with multiple core systems, such as graphics, tools, audio, networking, memory handling, scripting, etc. Strong verbal and written communication skills in English High work ethic and self-motivation Passion for Games Excellent communication skills Excellent communication skills Experience working with multithreaded systems Performance and memory optimization skills Console experience, especially next-generation systems BS (or higher) in Computer Science or similar discipline (Physics, Math, EE, etc.) Shipped-title experience Competitive salary Personal development opportunities and the possibility to work in a multicultural environment. Work with highly-skilled, senior-level professionals. Being part of a young organization and having a true impact on your daily work. Opportunity to work on innovative, exciting AAA projects with the newest technologies. An informal atmosphere, no dress code, no unwanted formalities 
ScrapedJobID973:
Design innovative and engaging digital experiences for web, mobile, tablet, and smart device technology. Create high-fidelity design artifacts such as annotated wireframes, visual design comps, storyboards, and interactive prototypes as necessary to communicate your designs to users, stakeholders, and teammates. Lead UX design activities on digital product development teams. Use UX research techniques, including interviews, surveys, task/workflow analysis, focus group sessions, or diary studies to drive your designs. Mentor and share knowledge with others to help sustain a user-centered, design thinking culture within Digital Studio and Online. Minimum of 2 years’ experience as a UX designer on a product development team. Proficiency in design tools such as Sketch / Figma, InVision Studio, Adobe Creative Suite and Axure. Proficiency in UX disciplines, such as interaction design, information architecture, visual design, user research, and front-end development. Familiarity with standards-compliant web and mobile design patterns. Ability to communicate UX principles, goals, and design processes to clients and team members. Related degree or diploma, such as design, HCI, interaction design, psychology, human factors, or computer science. Professional Development budget and days Interest-free tech-enablement loans A Career Mentor to support your growth and development RRSP/401K matches Bonus programs Wellness program 
ScrapedJobID974:
Examiner la documentation des équipes de conception pour confirmer que les fonctionnalités proposées font l'objet de commentaires appropriés qui correspondent à la vision de l'interface utilisateur. Faciliter la mise en œuvre en fournissant à l'équipe de l'interface utilisateur des conceptions et du matériel de référence au besoin. Travailler en étroite collaboration avec l'interface utilisateur et les équipes de conception tout au long de l’implantation pour s’assurer de l’expérience globale est raffinée Aide à rassembler les critères de test pour les tests de lecture de l'interface utilisateur et aide à transformer les commentaires en éléments exploitables selon les besoins. Fournir des informations aux systèmes, au contenu et à l'interface utilisateur sur les points de confusion dans le jeu. Aider le concepteur UX en chef au besoin dans le polissage des commandes, de la visée et des domaines liés à la sensation du jeu. Au moins 3 ans d'expérience professionnelle avec les jeux UI / UX. Une expérience avérée de conception et de mise en œuvre dans les jeux vidéo. Compréhension des expériences d'interface utilisateur modernes dans les jeux, y compris le déroulement des menus des joueurs, la conception du HUD, la cartographie des contrôles et les méthodes de rétroaction des joueurs. Excellentes compétences en documentation, en communication, en relations interpersonnelles et en organisation. Une capacité à maintenir la concentration et l'auto-motivation vers les objectifs actuels du projet. Capacité à travailler dans des délais serrés et dans un environnement très stressant. Enthousiaste, positive, axée sur l'équipe; Une compréhension des mécanismes de base du joueur et une familiarité avec le fonctionnement de la manette de jeu, du clavier et de la souris, de la visée et des systèmes de caméra. Avoir livré un titre AAA, avec une préférence pour la technologie Unreal et les tireurs à la première personne. Expérience multijoueur en coopération et / ou en ligne. Expérience du processus de certification et d'expédition sur les consoles modernes. Review documentation from design teams to confirm that proposed features have appropriate feedback called out that fits within the vision of the UI. Facilitate implementation by providing the UI team with designs and reference material as needed. Work closely with the UI and design teams throughout implementation to make sure that the overall experience is polished Help collate testing criteria for UI playtests and assist in turning feedback into actionable items as needed. Provide input to systems, content and the UI leads on points of friction within the game and monitor the implementation of solutions. Assist the Lead UX designer as needed in fine-tuning and polishing controls, aiming, and areas that pertain to game feel. At least 3 years of professional experience with games UI/UX. A proven track record of design and implementation in video games. Excellent understanding of modern user experience theory and practices in games, including player flow through menus, HUD design, control mapping, methods of player feedback and accessibility Excellent documentation, communication, interpersonal and organizational skills. An ability to maintain focus and self-motivation towards the current project goals. Ability to work in tight deadlines and in a high stress environment Enthusiastic, positive, team-oriented An understanding of core player mechanics, and familiarity of how gamepad, keyboard and mouse, aiming, and camera systems work. Have shipped a AAA title, with a preference towards Unreal technology and first-person shooters. Co-op and/or Online Multiplayer experience. Experience with the certification and shipping process on modern consoles. 
ScrapedJobID975:
Oversee internal and external technical projects and dependencies for Halo Infinite : ensure contingency plans are in place, recommend solutions, validate plans and timelines, and understand the overall impact on stakeholders Take ownership of various sub-teams of Halo Infinite's engineering team and support them to deliver on key milestones Interact with and manage various key internal and external stakeholder groups, using expert communication skills to foster strong and collaborative relationships Participate in high level planning with project managers and technical directors, while contributing regular updates on engineering efforts of key sub-teams Provide career management to your team through annual performance reviews, ongoing mentorship and feedback, and regular 1-on-1s Support the team directly by providing hands-on coding solutions to help solve complex problems or blockers when needed Be an active participant and driver of SkyBox culture of learning, development, and collaboration 10+ years of professional software engineering experience in the games industry At least 2 years' experience in a leadership role driving technical road maps and managing high performing engineering teams Experience shipping multiple game titles on PC and/or console Extensive experience programming in C++ Strong stakeholder management skills and experience communicating with technical and non-technical teams Experience providing career management to software engineers, with strong leadership skills and a desire to teach and mentor others Driven and self-motivated to produce results and lead technical initiatives Familiarity leading a team in the early stages of a growing project 
ScrapedJobID976:
Travailler en collaboration avec les directeurs de projet pour définir la vision du jeu; Développer le style visuel (Ton, ambiance, lieux, personnages, etc.) avec les artistes de concepts et les équipes artistiques 3d; Créez le guide de style visuel du jeu (« Mood boards », références et descriptions); Coordonner et superviser l'équipe artistique pendant la production; Maintenir l'équilibre entre la vision artistique, la vision du jeu et la faisabilité technique; Passer en revue les contenus visuels du jeu et fournir la rétroaction nécessaire pour atteindre la qualité visée; Collaborez avec les autres chefs d’équipe du projet à toutes les étapes du développement; Participer activement au recrutement en vue de bâtir l'équipe artistique; Interfacer avec les partenaires externes liés au projet (Sous-contractants, éditeurs, médias, etc.) Avoir une bonne culture artistique générale; 10 ans ou plus d’expérience en tant qu'Artiste, ou Directeur artistique dans l’industrie du jeu vidéo; Avoir livré au moins 4 titres multiplateformes; Capacité à exprimer ses idées et à faire de la critique constructive; Compétences managériales; Maîtrise les techniques de production artistique en jeu vidéo; Aptitude démontrée à pouvoir résoudre des problèmes complexes. Adepte du Système D; Excellent esprit de leadership et de relations interpersonnelles; Enthousiaste, positif, esprit axé sur l’équipe. Work collaboratively with the project managers to define the vision for the game; Develop the visual style (tone, mood, locations, characters, etc.) with the concept artists and 3d art teams; Create the visual style guide for the game ("Mood boards", references and descriptions); Coordinate and supervise the art team during production; Maintain the balance between the artistic vision, the game vision and the technical feasibility; Review the visual content of the game and provide feedback to achieve the desired quality; Collaborate with other project team leaders in all stages of development; Actively participate in recruiment to build the art team; Interfacing with external partners related to the project (sub-contractors, publishers, media, etc.) Have a good general art culture; 10+ years of experience as an Artist or Art Director in the video game industry; Have delivered at least 4 multiplatform titles; Ability to express ideas and provide constructive criticism; Managerial skills; Mastery of video game art production techniques; Demonstrated ability to solve complex problems. (resourceful) Excellent leadership and interpersonal skills; Enthusiastic, positive, team-oriented spirit. 
ScrapedJobID977:
Engage with fellow developers through active participation in code reviews, design Dedication to an iterative development process driven by the goal to continuously Develop clean, maintainable, and documented solutions Collaborate with backend engineering teams through traces, metrics, and Deploy applications regularly adhering to studio standards and best practices Participate in requirements gathering to inform design and development Participate in user observation studies to be regularly evaluating how users work and Follow standard UX design methodologies throughout the development process Proficiency in modern web application features,design goals, and architecture (i.e. Web Expertise with modern frameworks, standards, technologies used in front end web Experience with micro-services architecture Strong communication, collaboration, and problem solving skills Experience working closely with UX design teams and backend development teams Experience with testing frameworks (i.e. Cypress) Production experience in computer animation, visual effects, or game industry A portfolio of user interface samples that demonstrates skill and passion Experience with Node.js, Express, and building JS modules using technologies such as NPM We are a company built on positive relationships and collaboration, and you will have the opportunity to build strong business relationships while acting as a specialist in Product Management. You will manage multiple business relationships and collaborate with people from both corporate and field. This is an opportunity to work independently, in a fast-paced environment, and lead projects. 
ScrapedJobID978:
Project manage strategic initiatives to deliver high impact business results The ad operations prime on cross-platform integration of Digital ad products ensuring proper implementation of ad-related tools (ex: DFP, Permutive, Moat, etc.) Identify opportunities to exhibit thought leadership to create or revise tools and processes within the team that will garner better results (for both user experience and/or revenue) Drive resolution of ad-related technical issues Investigate new ad technologies and Ad Network enhancements (targeting options, cost reduction etc). Develop new products and provide creative ideas to improve our business and lead the industry in digital advertising best practices Enforce standard policies and procedures to maintain quality standards and improve customer satisfaction with Bell Media’s products and services 3+ years related experience in Ad Trafficking on Direct & Programmatic or Technical Account Management preferably within digital ads industry Strong working knowledge of one or more Ad Management Systems (Examples: Google Ad Products, FreeWheel, Cadent, Triton TAP, AdsWizz, etc) Experience with online advertising technologies (HTML5, Streaming video/audio, DAI, Pre-Bid, VAST, VPAID, VMAP) Experience with implementation of Ad product SDKs and DAI integration Working knowledge of web tools: Charles Proxy, Fiddler, developer tools, etc. Experience with troubleshooting digital platforms Web development skills an asset (ex: HTML5, JavaScript, CSS) Knowledge of IAB ad formats and emerging online trends (Examples: viewability, device identifiers, ad blocking, fraud) Understanding of and ability to troubleshoot 3rd Party vedors including dv360, appnexxus, eyeReturn, sizmek, etc Comprehensive understanding of campaign success and reporting metrics: conversions, CPM's, CPC's and CPA's Experience with online video players (ex JW Player, Brightcove, Adobe, etc) and CMS systems, an asset Understanding of the programmatic advertising landscape, and the relationship between DSPs, SSPs, and DMPs Familiar with auction based bidding fundamentals (Deal IDs, Auction Types, Open vs. Private Marketplaces) and programmatic metrics (Winning Bid Price, Bid rate, eCPM, Closing Price, etc) 
ScrapedJobID979:
Setting technical strategy for the modernization of critical infrastructure and services Collaborating with partners on standard methodologies around full stack web development from backend systems, API's, to pushing the boundaries of front end rendering and speed. Guiding the growth of an engineering culture in a new organization Rapidly growing our content management system to the next generation, crafting a headless CMS and multiple dedicated rendering applications. Deep knowledge of web technologies and frameworks and how to customize and improve them. A passion for building web applications and pushing what frameworks like next.js and react can do The ability to thrive when frequently context switching across multiple stacks A talent for sophisticated API and software design that builds in future growth needs without sacrificing clarity or usability Comfortable working with teams across multiple geo locations. Some knowledge of Go, Java, PHP, next.JS, React, and Google Cloud Experience with Content Management Systems such as Drupal Some familiarity with eCommerce Définir la stratégie technique pour la modernisation de l'infrastructure et des services critiques S'aligner avec les parties prenantes au sein de Unity sur les meilleures pratiques en matière de développement Web intégral, des systèmes back-end aux API, jusqu'à repousser les limites du rendu et de la vitesse des applications front-end Diriger la croissance d'une culture du développement au sein d'une nouvelle organisation Étendre notre système de gestion de contenu à la prochaine génération, en créant un CMS sans tête et plusieurs applications de rendu dédiées Une connaissance approfondie des technologies et des frameworks Web, ainsi que de la manière de les personnaliser et de les améliorer Une passion pour la création d'applications Web et le développement des capacités de frameworks, comme next.js et react La capacité de s'épanouir en changeant fréquemment de contexte entre plusieurs piles Un talent pour la conception d'API et de logiciels complexes, qui tiennent compte des besoins de croissance futurs sans sacrifier la clarté ou la convivialité Une capacité à travailler avec des équipes réparties sur plusieurs sites géographiques Une certaine connaissance des technologies Go, Java, PHP, next.JS, React et Google Cloud Une expérience des systèmes de gestion de contenu tels que Drupal Une certaine familiarité avec le commerce électronique et le développement Web full-stack 
ScrapedJobID980:
Help advance Unreal Engine to improve the iOS game development experience for hundreds of developers at Epic and thousands of Unreal Engine subscribers around the world Optimise C++ workflows and content-wrangling pipelines Make significant improvements to the workflow for professional developers making high-end mobile games using Unreal Engine Work with our partners to bring the latest mobile technologies to Unreal Engine Optimise and problem solving to help ship Epic's internal mobile titles Improving workflow and user experience Extensive experience with C++ Excellent understanding of the iOS platform ecosystem Professional game or engine development experience on mobile Experience using mobile toolchains, build systems, development tools and platform APIs Experience working on platform-level systems such as I/O, input handling, memory management, patching, deployment, third-party libraries, and framework integration, etc Exposure to mobile rendering and mobile GPU implementations in modern mobile devices You're user-focused, passionate, scrappy, solutions-focused, and innovative. These traits equal success at Epic and influence everything we do. 
ScrapedJobID981:
Leading multiple development features to achieve real world objectives Designing and coding fast, secure, and scalable applications Designing and developing web applications and web services using ASP.NET, C#, Web Forms, MVC, WCF, and Microsoft SQL Using cloud computing services and approaches with AWS Research, develop, and implement the latest technologies with AWS Coding and scripting using a wide variety of open source technologies and tools 7+ years of software development experience A degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field Architecting Object Oriented systems in multiple languages (C#) ASP.NET Web Forms, MVC, WCF and Microsoft SQL Proficient in modern testing and debugging Developing Relational databases (Microsoft SQL) and other non-structured data sources Experience with Transact-SQL and Microsoft SQL Server including Query Analyzer, Enterprise Manager or including SQL Server Management Studio Agile & Scrum project management techniques Analytical skills for performance measurement and data driven decisions Source Control, Automated Build, and Continuous integration Maintainable & Testable Code; Progressive Release Minimum Viable Product Development Knowledge of AWS Services including: EC2, VPC, S3, Lambda, API Gateway Cloud-native concepts and techniques User-centric design and usability Experience with data analytics , reporting, and DevOps We strive for Simple, Clean and Testable code We love cloud computing (AWS& Azure) and service architecture You support your team and raise everyone’s game You support what you build You are brave and take action 
ScrapedJobID982:
Participate in game design discussions and contribute valuable ideas to all aspects of the project Work with the Creative Director and design team to define and communicate a clear vision for the game Develop prototypes to explore gameplay concepts, and iterate based on constructive feedback Design and implement amazing gameplay experiences through collaboration with the broader team Create and maintain clear and effective design documentation Experience in professional game development shipping multiple AAA titles, ideally with Unreal Engine Broad design experience in areas such as character and vehicle movement, content, systems, and progression Strong creative problem-solving, math, and analytical skills A deep understanding of the state of the art in game design and interactivity Excellent communication and collaboration skills Strong initiative, and ability to drive cross-discipline efforts An added value would be a degree in Computer Science, Game Design, or other related field 
ScrapedJobID983:
Collaborate with the Creative Director and Art Director to explore and establish the visual aesthetic of a new science-fiction IP, through sketches, concepts, and look development. Bring strong creative ideas and an ability to polish them to high quality, through sophisticated art techniques in lighting, composition, materials, and rendering methods. Participate in story, game, and design discussions, and help explore new ideas through sketching and rough concepts that quickly illustrate different possibilities. Create concepts for specific game needs as well as your own proactive ideas inspired by the theme of the IP
Seek and respond to feedback from other team members 3+ years experience in videogames, TV, or film A portfolio showcasing your experience with sci-fi concepts of characters, objects, and environments A passion for science-fiction and a talent for producing original creative ideas Ability to use 3D software as part of your workflow Self-motivated and able to collaborate well with team members of all development disciplines 
ScrapedJobID984:
We develop animation technology, from performance capture through to a sophisticated runtime engine, for massive open world games. We are a global team of programmers and researchers who collaborate on pushing the boundaries of character animation on next generation hardware. We support and work closely with gameplay, animation, and technical art teams, across multiple projects at different Rockstar studios. Join our core animation technology team and work closely with performance capture, animation, rigging, technical art, and tools teams across different Rockstar studios. Develop, maintain, extend, and support new and existing libraries and DCC plugins exposing core animation and character technologies to a broader range of developers and artists. Implement well designed multi-language tools and DCC plugins improving technology availability across different content creation environments. Learn how to work with animation system features in a large, existing codebase. A degree in Computer Science or a related discipline, or equivalent industry experience. Experience developing tools and plugins for DCCs (e.g. Maya, Max, Motion Builder, Blender, Houdini etc) A passion for character-based games and for creating tools and DCC plugins that simplifies and speeds up content generation. Strong Python and C++ programming skills. Familiarity with networking (e.g. TCP/UDP sockets) or inter-process communication techniques. Good communication skills, ability to clearly share complex technical information with other programmers, animators and technical artists. Industry experience working on AAA character based games, or character based VFX animation. Experience creating Python bindings to C++ libraries. Strong 3D math skills. Experience animating or rigging (using skeletal bones or blend shapes) in Motion Builder, 3DS Max, Maya, Houdini, or Blender, etc. 
ScrapedJobID985:
Designing and implementing long-lived graph APIs to tackle gameplay problems Working with code generation, understanding and analyzing intermediate languages and integration between native and managed memory Performing in-depth code reviews and ensuring quality of the code base is maintained through tests and CI Building a polymorphic graph evaluation engine with the team Concurrent and multithreaded design experience Knowledge of the .Net technological stack, C#, C++ Understanding of compilers and virtual machines, background or curiosity in graph theory Experienced in designing APIs and building SDKs A teammate who is driven, self-motivated and genuinely wants to provide value to users Experience in game development or building game engines would be a plus! Interest/experience in different domains such as audio/video, animation, etc Concevoir et mettre en œuvre des API graphiques à longue durée de vie pour résoudre les problèmes de jouabilité Travailler avec des outils de génération de code, comprendre et analyser les langages intermédiaires ainsi que l'intégration entre la mémoire native et la mémoire gérée Effectuer des revues de code approfondies et s'assurer que la qualité de la base de code est maintenue par le biais de tests et de tests CI En collaboration avec l'équipe, construire un moteur d'évaluation de graphes polymorphes Une expérience de la conception simultanée et multifil Une connaissance de la pile technologique .Net, C# et C++ Une compréhension des compilateurs et des machines virtuelles, ainsi qu'une expérience ou une curiosité pour la théorie des graphes Une expérience dans la conception d'API et la création de SDK Un(e) coéquipier(e) motivé(e) et désireux(se) de fournir de la valeur aux utilisateur(trice)s Une expérience dans le développement de jeux ou la construction de moteurs de jeux serait un plus! Un intérêt ou une expérience dans différents domaines comme que l'audio, la vidéo, l'animation, etc 
ScrapedJobID986:
As a key team member, you will help to scope, plan, and execute mobile application development. Collaborate with stakeholders and team members to iterate on solutions and to continually deliver value to our clients. Improve the application delivery process using automation and writing testable software. Contribute to solutions for new and interesting problems, which often involve spatiotemporal components. Participate in the product testing and peer review process. Develop yourself personally and professionally by actively setting and achieving ambitious goals. Impact Lim Geomatics' growth by developing great mobile applications and solutions. Comfortable with Agile development practices, working in small teams running modern dev ops. You have 4 or more years of mobile development experience. Cross-platform mobile development, C# and .NET knowledge, and Xamarin experience would be an asset. Experience with development environments on both Windows and MacOS. Experience with Esri technology and mapping solutions would be an asset. Experience with SQL and database technologies. Experience using peripheral sensors (GPS, Camera, Bluetooth, Motion) and their data would be an asset. Able to manage a workload that may touch on a few different applications any given week. You can independently research and implement solutions to complex problems. 
ScrapedJobID987:
Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site parking RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday How many years experience do you have with C#? How many years experience do you have designing and implementing reliable, scalable software? Yes 
ScrapedJobID988:
Build and maintain trusting and collaborative relationships with our co-development partners and interact with various key internal and external stakeholders Align with our partners on artistic direction to ensure high quality assets creation Work with art, production and technical leads to coordinate milestone schedules Anticipate and identify potential risks associated with meeting project deadlines, ensuring the appropriate steps are taken to resolve issues that may hinder progress or compromise project objectives Provide hands on solutions to help solve complex problems or blockers Evaluate and provide recommendations to improve processes, tools and workflows Create and manage team schedules and establish proper workflow among the art team Set out and assign tasks for the team and attend regular stand-ups Review the team’s work and provide clear and consistent feedback to ensure quality and alignment with project goals and artistic vision Provide career management to the art team through performance reviews, ongoing mentorship and feedback, and regular 1-on-1s 8+ years of experience in the games industry with a strong background in 3D character and/or environment art 5+ years of people management experience leading a team of artists, with a strong interest in mentorship and career development Experience shipping multiple game titles on PC and/or console Proven ability to provide artistic, technical and development feedback on a range of art assets Strong stakeholder management skills Strong attention to detail, organizational and time estimation skills Proactive with the ability to anticipate potential risks and issues and come up with appropriate solutions Able to take direction and receive feedback well Capable of managing competing priorities and working independently within established guidelines Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to lead, influence and motivate others Experience working with external development partners is a plus Experience working on AAA action/adventure titles Strong understanding of in-game visual production and processes 
ScrapedJobID989:
Partner with the Clients and our internal External Productions group to understand the overall game vision and the requirements of the project in order to be involved in the planning strategies. Pave the way for production: optimize workflows and pipelines and implement effective means to facilitate interaction between colleagues. Set clear goals for your team members to achieve + use tracking tools to make sure the process of delivering those goals is as smooth as possible. Understand dependencies, anticipate risks & put plans of action in place to minimize disruption of production. Build reports to clearly represent progress of the development. Proven experience shipping a real-time 3D game as a project manager, producer, or technical role Flexibility to adapt to a range of situations & navigate interdependencies Excellent communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills Proficiency in written and spoken English and are able to clearly communicate ideas and technical knowledge. A diligent, collaborative, and proactive spirit that gets results but never loses sight of the dedicated people behind the work that we are doing. Familiarity with the Unity Engine Experience working in a certain/multiple domains in AAA game development. Experience with Jira 
ScrapedJobID990:
Build, configure and implement scalable test automation systems for maintaining quality assurance standard methodologies and responsible for creating system test architecture. Build quality by ensuring proper test and code coverage, configuration quality, monitoring, and early performance testing. Define testing methodologies to tackle some of the unique challenges in automated testing of volumetric rendering and distribution. Work closely with the other developers to perform test analysis and help prevent functional or performance regressions across the pipeline. Chip in on tooling and analysis of performance and stability testing by integrating and adapting existing Unity test systems. Experience with scripting software automation testing products, such as: Unity Test Framework, Selenium, Mocha etc. Experience with test driven development, behaviour driven development and acceptance test driven development. Extensive knowledge of cloud technologies, including the testing of REST services, databases, etc Strong experience with Agile development and CI/CD, using tools such as: GitHub, BitBucket, Jenkins, Travis and JIRA Experience with developing automated test frameworks, performance-focused testing and analysis. Experience with C#, Unity's 3D engine and related tools. Experience with Docker, Kubernetes, Microservices, DeltaDNA, REST, JSON Experience working in a distributed team environment Concevoir, configurer et mettre en œuvre des systèmes évolutifs d'automatisation des tests afin de maintenir les pratiques exemplaires en matière d'assurance qualité, et être responsable de la création de l'architecture de test du système Développer un système de qualité en assurant une couverture adéquate des tests et du code, la qualité de la configuration, la surveillance et les tests de performance précoces Définir des méthodologies de test pour relever certains des défis uniques liés aux tests automatisés du rendu volumétrique et de la distribution Travailler en étroite collaboration avec les autres développeur(euse)s afin d'effectuer des analyses de test, et contribuer à prévenir les régressions fonctionnelles ou de performance dans le pipeline Participer à l'élaboration d'outils, à l'analyse des tests de performance et de stabilité en intégrant et en adaptant les systèmes de test Unity existants Une expérience en matière de création de scripts pour les produits de tests automatisés, par exemple Unity Test Framework, Selenium, Mocha et autres Une expérience en matière de développement piloté par les tests, par le comportement et par les tests d'acceptation Une connaissance approfondie des technologies infonuagiques, notamment le test des services REST et des bases de données Une expérience approfondie du développement agile et de l'approche d'intégration et de livraison continues à l'aide d'outils comme GitHub, BitBucket, Jenkins, Travis et JIRA Une expérience en matière de développement d'infrastructures de tests automatisés, ainsi que de tests et d'analyses axés sur les performances Une expérience avec C#, le moteur 3D de Unity et les outils connexes Une expérience avec Docker, Kubernetes, Microservices, DeltaDNA, REST et JSON Une expérience de travail dans un environnement d'équipe distribuée 
ScrapedJobID991:
Create physically-based Materials/Textures for use with props, environments, and characters Assist in material library creation and maintaining material pipelines Collaborate with other artists to build and integrate assets into a visually consistent and highly immersive world Match established art styles while helping improve the visual direction Portfolio demonstrating a wide variety of materials using both procedural and 3d sculpted techniques. Portfolio demonstrating tiled textures and 0-1 UV mapped assets. Assets must show strong attention to detail focusing on believability and overall esthetic composition Solid understanding of PBR standards and surface/light interactions Strong foundation knowledge in traditional arts Experience creating 3D art for a game project or title Able to use 3D and/or procedural techniques to create high-quality materials within production timelines Strong knowledge of UE4 Strong knowledge of Maya and/or another 3D software package Strong knowledge of Zbrush modeling Solid understanding of color theory, and be able to create balanced and appealing color palettes Must be punctual, diligent, articulate, and organized A desire to work and support a diverse and inclusive environment Experience leading other artists Shipped 1+ AAA title as an environment artist Experience using proprietary editors, software, and tools 
ScrapedJobID992:
Set up specific environments and tools for localization Development of tools for production Identify and extract localizable content from complex formats Convert final translated assets back to original formats Automate asset transfer from and to customers portals Troubleshooting issues coming from production, originating from translation process Contribute actively to the design, development and deployment of new production processes Customize localization workflows and facilitate integration of localization tools with different source content repositories Review and anticipate potential globalization issues for new features, locales and technology Analysis of web sites and applications for localization potential and time/material requirements Ensure compliance with clients requirements and integrity of data Provide support to operations and sales management Work with other developers and engineers to implement technical solutions for end-to-end localization processes Review business requirements and identify technical design that is required to meet the business needs University degree in computer science or equivalent background At least 2 to 3 years experience in software development Knowledge of programming languages (VB, VBA, C#, Java), scripting (Python, Perl, JavaScript) and markup languages (XML, HTML, XLIFF); confidence with API programming Experience writing SQL queries is a plus Advanced knowledge of regular expressions and text manipulation Excellent knowledge of most important CAT tools on the market (memoQ, XTM, Memsource, Wordbee, etc.) Advanced knowledge of internationalization good practices and experience with internationalization of web and mobile applications Knowledge of multilingual localization issues and procedures (managing characters set and encoding, text direction, text strings sorting and handling) Knowledge of Machine Translation technology is a plus Able to communicate effectively with stakeholders who have varying levels of technical expertise Fluent in English and French Passion for global solutions, international customers, and teamwork Focus on automation Good problem-solving skills combined with strong analytical abilities to find creative solutions Team player Strong time management, organizational and support skills Strongly service oriented, to efficiently support internal and external customers 
ScrapedJobID993:
Using your extensive software engineering experience you’ll interface with customers to deliver bespoke solutions and successfully co-develop games using SpatialOS and our suite of tools. Work directly with our internal studios to drive development of our 1st party games using SpatialOS. Be a focal point for all in-depth technical problems across all external games studios, covering all areas of gameplay development, helping solve some of the hardest challenges within the industry. Working directly with our customers, you will establish technical requirements from creative or design-led pitches. You’ll build engine integration solutions and best practices to enable our partners to adopt our software successfully. You will become a master of SpatialOS engaging with multiple internal teams and a variety of customers, engines and technologies as we continue to grow. Demonstrable knowledge and passion for games and/or game development. Strong communication skills to effectively interact with external teams and stakeholders. Strong Software Engineering with flexibility in ambiguous environments Cloud computing Hunger to learn and improve. 
ScrapedJobID994:
B.S. in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience 7+ years of production experience in software development Knowledge and production experience of Java (Spring Framework), Python, Go Solid foundation in system architecture, API, and software design with strong analytical and debugging skills Experience building high-performance, large-scale applications, and reliable software Ability to mentor others and coordinate a project across multiple developers Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, documentation, and operations Experience with containers (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes) and cloud environments like Amazon’s AWS; Familiar with infrastructure as code (e.g. Terraform) Worked on production systems with both relational and NoSQL database technologies Experience in analytics and big data is a plus Solid knowledge of Node.js and web frameworks such as AngularJS/Backbone/Ember (preferred) or React and Flux/Redux Excellent communication skills, and the ability to work effectively with others in a team environment. Work in a studio that has complete P&L ownership of games Competitive salary, discretionary annual bonus scheme and Zynga RSUs Full medical, accident as well as life insurance benefits Catered breakfast, lunch and evening snacks Child care facilities for women employees and discounted facilities for male employees Well stocked pantry Generous Paid Maternity/Paternity leave Employee Assistance Programs Active Employee Resource Groups – Women at Zynga Frequent employee events Additional leave options for most employees Flexible working hours on many teams Casual dress every single day Work with cool people and impact millions of daily players! 
ScrapedJobID995:
Communicate the project's editorial vision and engage your team on the evolution of deliverables; Voice the challenges, the observations, and make recommendations on behalf of the project's programming teams at the core team level; Create and continuously re-focus the technology strategy for your game; Work closely with game design and content creation to help them push to the limits of technology but not beyond; Lead the programming team to define what's possible. Look ahead at upcoming technology and plan for the future; Be ready to jump in at short notice to help understand and react coherently to any unforeseen issues; Oversee planning and staffing for your programming teams Train your programming leads to improve their management and strategic skills continuously; Act as a role model. You demonstrate care for people, express inclusive behaviours and foster a safe and respectful work environment; Be the safety net that allows your team to flourish; Build and leverage an inter-project network to facilitate collaboration across locations, departments, and disciplines. A minimum of 10 years experience in game programming; A minimum of 5 years experience managing a team of game programmers; Proficient in C++ and other programming languages commonly used in-game production; Participation in at least one complete game production as a team lead programmer, including experience submitting to 1st Parties (Sony, Microsoft, Nintendo, Google); Interest and experience in most aspects of game technology development (gameplay, AI, UI, animation, engine, 3D, audio, network and tools); Impeccable strategic leadership and communication skills; Remain calm when facing challenging situations (you know that there is always a solution); A deep understanding of video game production with the flexibility to see the perspectives of other game production disciplines. A hybrid, flexible work model Six weeks of vacation An enhanced parental leave program Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefits Package: Disability Insurance Dental Insurance Extended medical insurance (Optional) RRSP contribution Relocation Assistance Bonus (If Applicable) 
ScrapedJobID996:
Design, implement and maintain workflows for volumetric experiences in Unity. Work closely with a cross-discipline team and technical artists to provide highly productive authoring workflows in Unity. Design powerful and extensible APIs. Build and maintain production quality code for rendering, tools, and testing. Extensive experience with Unity, including proficiency in C# programming, rendering, artist tools and Unity workflows. Experience developing UI, tools and workflows with cloud backends and Unity. Understanding of DevOps including version control like Git, SVN and/or PlasticSCM, continuous integration (Jenkins etc), and development workflows. Performance-minded development, code profiling and optimization skills. Tight-knit collaboration and communication skills with the ability to adapt quickly to new technologies and tasks. Previous experience with a variety of concepts, practices, and procedures used in live TV & Broadcast. Experience with esports; casters, streamers and love for sports (soccer, basketball, football) A good grounding in the principles of customer/user experience design. Concevoir, mettre en œuvre et assurer la maintenance des processus de travail pour les expériences volumétriques dans Unity Travailler en étroite collaboration avec une équipe interdisciplinaire et des artistes techniques pour assurer des processus de création hautement productifs dans Unity Concevoir des API performantes et extensibles Écrire et maintenir un code de qualité de production pour le rendu, les outils et les tests Une expérience approfondie de Unity, notamment une maîtrise de la programmation C#, des outils de rendu, des outils d'artistes et des processus de Unity Une expérience dans le développement des interfaces utilisateur, des outils et des flux de travail avec les back-ends du nuage et Unity Une compréhension de la méthode DevOps, notamment du contrôle des versions comme Git, SVN et/ou PlasticSCM, de l'intégration continue (Jenkins, etc.) et des processus de développement Des compétences en optimisation et profilage de code, et en développement axé sur la performance Une aptitude à la collaboration et à la communication sans faille, avec la capacité de s'adapter rapidement aux nouvelles technologies et tâches Une expérience préalable des divers concepts, pratiques et procédures utilisés dans le secteur de la télévision et de la radiodiffusion en direct Une expérience dans le domaine des sports électroniques, des diffuseurs, des diffuseurs en continu et une passion pour le sport (soccer, basketball ou football) Une bonne connaissance des principes de la conception des expériences client et utilisateur 
ScrapedJobID997:
Architect and design smart contract implementations Coordinate with broader team to integrate finished blockchain contracts into the tech stack Keeping track of issues and timelines; making sure deliverables are completed by release date Design long-term vision on features, their priorities, and how they'll impact our customer base 2+ years blockchain experience (Solidity, Ethereum, or another blockchain) 5+ years engineering experience (either in-industry or side projects) 2+ years Management experience Passionate about games and the metaverse Strong communication skills Excited about NFTs? Experience on multiple blockchains (Polygon, Solana, Flow, ImmutableX, ect.) Play / familiar with video games, or video game development Worked at a startup before AWS experience (or similar) Postgres experience (or similar) 
ScrapedJobID998:
Casual dress Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Big data: 9 years (required) No 
ScrapedJobID999:
Health and Dental Benefits $1000 towards your health and wellness expenses 3-week paid vacation An inclusive environment Mentorship and career growth Company socials, meditation room, pool table and games room, free massages RRSP matching, ESPP contributions, annual bonus Working at the company ranked #1 in the Great Place to Work survey 2019 BS/MS in computer science or equivalent work experience 2+ years experience developing web, software, or mobile applications Solid grasp of software engineering fundamentals and their practical application Solid grasp of JavaScript fundamentals such as closures, prototype, callbacks, promises, error handling Experience with Object Oriented Languages such as: Java/J2EE, C#, Python, C++ Understand and preferably have experience with web services Understand unit testing and Test Driven Development Helpful, can-do attitude and a willingness to take ownership of problems Strong desire to learn and grow Excellent problem solving skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Commitment to team success and positive team dynamics Deliver high quality full-stack applications (requirements, design, code, documentation, etc.) Roughly 70-80% hands-on coding Contribute to early quality activities, including peer reviews of estimates, designs and code Resolve defects/bugs Partner with team members to deliver against commitments Grow and apply technical skills in service to customers Experience Agile Development, SCRUM, and/or Extreme Programming methodologies 
ScrapedJobID1000:
Work with the Creative Director and Art Director to adapt aesthetic concepts to real 3D game assets Create a variety of high quality, game-ready 3D models and shaders, including characters, vehicles, and props Define a standard for art assets and support the integration and feedback of outsourced art Collaborate with other team members to ensure art is integrated seamlessly with other facets of the game 5 years experience or at least one shipped title as a 3D Artist Experience creating high-quality models and shaders for Unreal Engine Broad 3D art skills, including photogrammetry, retopology, UV unwrapping, shader editors Able to create a variety of art at high quality, including characters, environmental objects, vehicles, and props Self-motivated and able to collaborate well with team members of all development disciplines 
ScrapedJobID1001:
Write high quality and well-documented code according to accepted standards based on business requirements using one or more of the following tools and technologies: Oracle ADF Framework, Oracle JDeveloper, Java, JavaScript, SQL, PL/SQL Be or become familiar with Oracle Workflow usage and internal database structure Evaluate alternative design approaches to meet business requirements Create detailed technical design specification documents that can later be used for programming when required Conduct extensive testing to ensure compatibility of the program with Oracle’s version. Provide estimates for development items and consistently meet estimate and programming deadlines Provide standard product and enhancement support If needed, effectively work with other teams to assist with defect resolution Provide integrated testing and debugging for new programming tasks/functions Collaborate with team members and other departments to find solutions Participate in project and team meetings Other related duties as assigned University Degree, preferably in Computer Science 3 plus year hands-on professional Java/J2EE programming experience (includes Java, JDBC, JSP, JavaScript, Struts Framework). Familiarity with HTML5, JQuery & CSS. Knowledge of creating reports using Jaspersoft iReports would be a plus. Familiarity with Oracle databases and SQL, PL/SQL Knowledge of Oracle JDeveloper, Ajax, WebLogic, Oracle Workflow, or diagram editing would be an asset. Excellent communication skills – both written and oral. Competitive benefits Package (including Health & Dental benefits) Paid vacation and personal days Townhall meetings where all employees are encouraged to participate in open discussions Located on York University’s campus, easily accessible by transit (TTC, GO, etc.), walking distance to shopping and restaurants Outdoor lunch space, including picnic tables An active Social Events Committee (past events include annual seasonal parties, pool and bowling tournaments, karaoke nights, Game nights, BBQ’s, and more) Health and Wellness focus including virtual yoga classes and wellness webinars RRSP Matching Program after 2 years of employment Experience in a rapidly growing, socially responsible corporation 
ScrapedJobID1002:
Lead the design, development, architecture and implementation of the core engine gameplay systems Create game systems that are intrinsically scalable and cross platform Create or improve tools as necessary to support specific features/systems Continuously test, debug, profile, analyze, and optimize across all applicable platforms Contribute with innovative and original ideas on all aspects of game production, leadership and development Keep up to date on state-of-the-art software engineering methods, practices, and technologies Mentor other engineers as needed to increase their capabilities and productivity Work closely with the leadership team in recruitment and resource estimation and evaluation Five or more years of experience in the creation and delivery of state-of-the-art, performance-minded AAA consoles of PC/Console games with two in-game credits required with UE4 Experience preferable with Third and First Person Game Development At least one shipped modern console or PC title in the Lead Programmer role. Experience working with team leads to develop project structures, best practices, programming workflows and project scheduling Solid working knowledge of all technical aspects of game development facilitating the leadership of programmers outside of core expertise Demonstrated proficiency in C++ Proficiency with linear algebra and general 3D mathematics Comfortable working with internal and externally developed code and middleware Effective communicator and collaborator with engineers and team members from other disciplines Desire and demonstrated ability to mentor junior programmers and help with their career growth A natural curiosity for all aspects of game development and a willingness to work on a wide variety of systems Comfortable in using source control software, such as Perforce and branching methodologies Excellent analytical and communication skills Self-motivated and passionate about making video games. Hands-on experience developing for New-Gen Console Systems Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Math, or related field Experience modifying UE4 source code Experience developing UE4 plugins and tools for other team members Experience designing and implementing threaded, asynchronous software Experience with real-time physics, animation, and inverse kinematics Experience with the technical challenges unique to complex game systems A fun and dynamic industry where you can make a difference. Professional and friendly work environment. An attractive salary package Awesome and talented colleagues. Support from all your teammates. Access to training and learning programs. 
ScrapedJobID1003:

ScrapedJobID1004:
A bachelor's degree in computer science or computer engineering A minimum of 8 years of software development experience A minimum of 3 years experience in managing a team of programmers (task distribution, performance evaluation, etc.) A good command of different programming languages (C ++, C #, SQL, WPF and others) Excellent communication and strategic leadership skills The ability to stay calm in difficult situations (you know there is always a solution) The ability to put yourself in the shoes of other trades and users of your systems Strong interest in the video game production process Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID1005:
405 Avenue Ogilvy, Montréal, QC H3N 1M3, Canada Employees can work remotely Full-time Department: Code Location: Canada / Montreal Project: Dagger Strong C++ knowledge Minimum 7 years of software engineering experience Experience with Unreal Engine 4 Excellent math and/or physics skills Passion for writing solid, reliable, efficient code and highly scalable systems Experience with multiple core systems, such as graphics, tools, audio, networking, memory handling, scripting, etc. Strong verbal and written communication skills in English High work ethic and self-motivation Passion for Games Excellent communication skills Excellent communication skills Experience working with multithreaded systems Performance and memory optimization skills Console experience, especially next-generation systems BS (or higher) in Computer Science or similar discipline (Physics, Math, EE, etc.) Shipped-title experience Competitive salary Personal development opportunities and the possibility to work in a multicultural environment. Work with highly-skilled, senior-level professionals. Being part of a young organization and having a true impact on your daily work. Opportunity to work on innovative, exciting AAA projects with the newest technologies. An informal atmosphere, no dress code, no unwanted formalities 
ScrapedJobID1006:
Design innovative and engaging digital experiences for web, mobile, tablet, and smart device technology. Create high-fidelity design artifacts such as annotated wireframes, visual design comps, storyboards, and interactive prototypes as necessary to communicate your designs to users, stakeholders, and teammates. Lead UX design activities on digital product development teams. Use UX research techniques, including interviews, surveys, task/workflow analysis, focus group sessions, or diary studies to drive your designs. Mentor and share knowledge with others to help sustain a user-centered, design thinking culture within Digital Studio and Online. Minimum of 2 years’ experience as a UX designer on a product development team. Proficiency in design tools such as Sketch / Figma, InVision Studio, Adobe Creative Suite and Axure. Proficiency in UX disciplines, such as interaction design, information architecture, visual design, user research, and front-end development. Familiarity with standards-compliant web and mobile design patterns. Ability to communicate UX principles, goals, and design processes to clients and team members. Related degree or diploma, such as design, HCI, interaction design, psychology, human factors, or computer science. Professional Development budget and days Interest-free tech-enablement loans A Career Mentor to support your growth and development RRSP/401K matches Bonus programs Wellness program 
ScrapedJobID1007:
Examiner la documentation des équipes de conception pour confirmer que les fonctionnalités proposées font l'objet de commentaires appropriés qui correspondent à la vision de l'interface utilisateur. Faciliter la mise en œuvre en fournissant à l'équipe de l'interface utilisateur des conceptions et du matériel de référence au besoin. Travailler en étroite collaboration avec l'interface utilisateur et les équipes de conception tout au long de l’implantation pour s’assurer de l’expérience globale est raffinée Aide à rassembler les critères de test pour les tests de lecture de l'interface utilisateur et aide à transformer les commentaires en éléments exploitables selon les besoins. Fournir des informations aux systèmes, au contenu et à l'interface utilisateur sur les points de confusion dans le jeu. Aider le concepteur UX en chef au besoin dans le polissage des commandes, de la visée et des domaines liés à la sensation du jeu. Au moins 3 ans d'expérience professionnelle avec les jeux UI / UX. Une expérience avérée de conception et de mise en œuvre dans les jeux vidéo. Compréhension des expériences d'interface utilisateur modernes dans les jeux, y compris le déroulement des menus des joueurs, la conception du HUD, la cartographie des contrôles et les méthodes de rétroaction des joueurs. Excellentes compétences en documentation, en communication, en relations interpersonnelles et en organisation. Une capacité à maintenir la concentration et l'auto-motivation vers les objectifs actuels du projet. Capacité à travailler dans des délais serrés et dans un environnement très stressant. Enthousiaste, positive, axée sur l'équipe; Une compréhension des mécanismes de base du joueur et une familiarité avec le fonctionnement de la manette de jeu, du clavier et de la souris, de la visée et des systèmes de caméra. Avoir livré un titre AAA, avec une préférence pour la technologie Unreal et les tireurs à la première personne. Expérience multijoueur en coopération et / ou en ligne. Expérience du processus de certification et d'expédition sur les consoles modernes. Review documentation from design teams to confirm that proposed features have appropriate feedback called out that fits within the vision of the UI. Facilitate implementation by providing the UI team with designs and reference material as needed. Work closely with the UI and design teams throughout implementation to make sure that the overall experience is polished Help collate testing criteria for UI playtests and assist in turning feedback into actionable items as needed. Provide input to systems, content and the UI leads on points of friction within the game and monitor the implementation of solutions. Assist the Lead UX designer as needed in fine-tuning and polishing controls, aiming, and areas that pertain to game feel. At least 3 years of professional experience with games UI/UX. A proven track record of design and implementation in video games. Excellent understanding of modern user experience theory and practices in games, including player flow through menus, HUD design, control mapping, methods of player feedback and accessibility Excellent documentation, communication, interpersonal and organizational skills. An ability to maintain focus and self-motivation towards the current project goals. Ability to work in tight deadlines and in a high stress environment Enthusiastic, positive, team-oriented An understanding of core player mechanics, and familiarity of how gamepad, keyboard and mouse, aiming, and camera systems work. Have shipped a AAA title, with a preference towards Unreal technology and first-person shooters. Co-op and/or Online Multiplayer experience. Experience with the certification and shipping process on modern consoles. 
ScrapedJobID1008:
Oversee internal and external technical projects and dependencies for Halo Infinite : ensure contingency plans are in place, recommend solutions, validate plans and timelines, and understand the overall impact on stakeholders Take ownership of various sub-teams of Halo Infinite's engineering team and support them to deliver on key milestones Interact with and manage various key internal and external stakeholder groups, using expert communication skills to foster strong and collaborative relationships Participate in high level planning with project managers and technical directors, while contributing regular updates on engineering efforts of key sub-teams Provide career management to your team through annual performance reviews, ongoing mentorship and feedback, and regular 1-on-1s Support the team directly by providing hands-on coding solutions to help solve complex problems or blockers when needed Be an active participant and driver of SkyBox culture of learning, development, and collaboration 10+ years of professional software engineering experience in the games industry At least 2 years' experience in a leadership role driving technical road maps and managing high performing engineering teams Experience shipping multiple game titles on PC and/or console Extensive experience programming in C++ Strong stakeholder management skills and experience communicating with technical and non-technical teams Experience providing career management to software engineers, with strong leadership skills and a desire to teach and mentor others Driven and self-motivated to produce results and lead technical initiatives Familiarity leading a team in the early stages of a growing project 
ScrapedJobID1009:
Monitoring and oversee team activities and day-to-day operations, provide status updates to management Coordinate with other Team Leads to facilitate intra-teams collaboration and with Squad leaders to manage team members’ participation Maintain a supportive and productive team environment, encourage transparent and supportive communications, resolve issues and conflicts, facilitate team building activities, and promote creativity and risk-taking culture Utilize Flutter International tools and techniques such as goal management, performance reviews, mentoring, and coaching to progress team effectiveness within respective areas, and to ensure efficiency in daily activities while meeting delivery initiatives Listen to and provide timely feedback, monitor happiness, satisfaction, and mental wellness, recognize and reward accomplishments of team members Enforce Agile and SDLC best practices with team members Discover learning needs and provide training resources Interview and screen potential candidates to join the team Strong experience in People Leadership role Strong experience in setting and evaluating SMART KPIs goals Capable of being empathetic but also separate themselves and being impartial when dealing with team members’ issues and conflicts Able to delegate tasks and set deadlines and expectations Strong experience and understanding of the Agile approach, modern development/testing/deployment methodologies, and release branching strategies Strong experience with collaboration and documentation tools such as Atlassian Jira and Confluence, Microsoft SharePoint and the Office suite Capable of clear and effective communication, both in written and in verbal form, for providing updates and estimates, collaborating and empowering team members, and contributing to the knowledge repository Quick learner, detail-oriented, excellent planning and time organization, able to self-organize and handle multiple competing priorities Keen interest in the latest technology in the industry related to the development stack Computer Science or Software Engineering academic background or equivalent practical experience Knowledge of different Casino games rules and related domain is a plus Knowledge of probability and statistics concepts is a plus Health and dental insurance for you, your partner and your children (if you all live at the same address) A personal interest allowance to let you learn something new or pursue a hobby Looking to extend your family? You will receive a cash gift of $1,900 for your new addition whilst working for us Discounts on local gyms, restaurants and events Free snacks and catered lunch In-house training and development to develop your skills, progressing your career 
ScrapedJobID1010:
Analyze, plan and develop requirements and standards in reference to scheduled projects and initiatives as per agile practices; Assign and oversee the daily tasks of technical personnel while ensuring all engineers/developers are actively working toward established milestones Co-lead an agile team with Delivery and Product leads; Hold regular technical team meetings to determine progress and address any questions or challenges regarding projects Determine and define clear deliverables, roles and responsibilities for staff members required for specific projects or initiatives Research and evaluate hardware and software technology options and weigh the cost/benefit analysis when making large purchases on behalf of the company Recruit and train exceptional employees to fill posted positions within the technical department Work closely with leads in architecture, network, and security groups to establish patterns and ensure compliance with governance Hands on experience with software engineering, computer science, architecture, computer engineering or related technical field Demonstrated tenured experience with Java development (Java 8, 11) Strong understanding of best practices creating/working with Microservices in Spring boot framework; experience with Tomcat and WebSphere Application Servers Experience with Cloud Native Design Patterns. Cloud experience (preferably including some of GCP, Azure, PCF, OpenShift, Anthos, GKE). Strong understanding of Cloud API’s and scalability Strong testing framework experience (J-Unit, automated testing and performance testing) API creation and RESTful services with API Gateways and asynchronous and synchronous microservice integration patterns Relational (MySQL, Oracle, DB2, SQL Server) database experience Keen understanding of DevOps principles; Experience working with CI/CD pipelines (Jenkins, Git) and artifact repositories (Nexus, Artifactory, etc.) Work Perks Program On-site GoodLife Fitness, Basketball & Volleyball courts, Ice Rink, Groceries delivered to work via PC Express, Dry Cleaning services (1PCC Office) Tuition Reimbursement & Online Learning Pension & Benefits Paid Vacation 
ScrapedJobID1011:
Monitoring 3D Team's art direction & working with the Project Manager to follow/maintain the deadline; Oversee and Mentor the 3D Team; Shoulder the responsibility of the quality and completion of all work projects assigned to members of the UA team Participate in and provide regular opportunities for professional development and growth to team Create high and low polygon 3D scenes/props in Max / Maya / Unreal Develop a beautiful cohesive layout with 3D assets resulting in an immersive Unreal scene. Create and modify existing textures with the latest techniques (diffuse, normal, specular, and emissive) Create marketing images for Appstore and advertisements (renders, screenshots) Conceptualize campaign vision, harnessing original graphics, copy, content websites, social media, and other marketing materials ; Develop creative briefs based on ideas established in brainstorming sessions with direction, schedules, and expected deliverables for the UA team Work together with HRs for interviews & performance reviews & pass probation reviews etc. Anticipate problems that may impede a project from completing on time and implementing solutions; Other tasks assigned by the Team 6 + years of experience in a 3D/2D Artist role in the videogames/VFX/Animation industry - Art Sense(Our New Mobile Game is in need of the look for 3D render to 2D style); Experience in a Lead Artist role in the videogames/VFX/Animation industry. Ability to work in a fast paste work environment, with good leadership skills, and to delegate work accordingly. Must be creative, detail-oriented, and able to handle multiple projects under pressure; Self-motivated and proactive & Strong problem-solving skillset; Positive attitude and a genuine team player; Excellent interpersonal and communication skills with leads and team members of different departments. Ability to take direction well; Strong knowledge in Maya or 3DS Max, Hand-Painting Skills, Photoshop, and Substance Painter; Tileable texture creation with Substance Designer Expert knowledge of lighting techniques; Versatile, flexible, and willing to do what's needed in a fast-moving environment; Share knowledge and open to learning from others; Passion for videogames and extensive knowledge of different game genres across all platforms Knowledge of Unreal engine; Proven track record of art assets on projects that have made it to market Interest in pop culture, movies, and games Understanding of typography, the basic principles of design, and color theory Proven portfolio showing an ability to manage diverse styles Familiarity with casual games on iOS and Android platforms Previous experience with the development and shipment of AAA titles Proficiency in various shader techniques including light mapping, ambient occlusion, specular. Experience creating real-time visual effects and particle systems; Proficiency in various shader techniques; Comprehensive benefits after 3 months include extended health, dental, vision & prescription coverage. Paid Vacation + paid Sick days: 18 days(accumulated and based on percentage earning) Active Living Benefits (such as Fitness Memberships, Registration fees for team sports reimbursement) after 3 months Training and development fee reimbursement after 3 months Dependent Child Benefit Paid Holiday Closure between Christmas & New Year week Statutory paid holidays RRSP matching after 1 year Monthly Commute Allowance after 3 months Monthly Team lunch On-site car and Bike Parking Work hours: 10 am to 6 pm with 1 hour paid lunch. Foosball & Pool Tables on site Gym on site Dress code: Casual Child Gift Lots of snacks, drinks available Random extra Bonus/Gifts Referral Bonus 
ScrapedJobID1012:
2+ years AWS experience (Lambdas, API Gateway) 2+ years Javascript / Typescript 2+ years Postgres experience 5+ years engineering experience (either in-industry or side projects) Self-sufficient, great communication Passion for Blockchain Passion for Games Worked at a startup before 
ScrapedJobID1013:
Concevoir, construire et adapter les systèmes économiques de base pour un jeu AAA multiplateforme. Coordonner avec les concepteurs principaux et le directeur créatif pour s'assurer que les systèmes économiques atteignent leurs objectifs et soient livrés aux joueurs dans un état complet, soigné et amusant Collaborer avec le gestionnaire de produits pour créer et mettre en œuvre des systèmes économiques à l'appui des indicateurs clés de performance et des besoins de monétisation Travailler dans des équipes multidisciplinaires avec des programmeurs, des artistes et d'autres concepteurs pour coordonner le développement de systèmes et résoudre des problèmes Guider le développement d'outils et de processus internes pour assurer une création de contenu rapide et une réduction des bugs Coordonner les tests des systèmes avec l'Assurance Qualité et les outils automatisés pour assurer une qualité constante du produit Plus de 3 projets AAA livrés jusqu'à leur terme dans un rôle de conception, un rôle de direction est un plus. La connaissance d'Unreal Engine 4 est préférable Doit posséder des compétences en mathématiques, y compris les mathématiques vectorielles, la capacité de développer des courbes de croissance, des systèmes de rendement décroissant. Être à l'aise en présentation (interne ou externes) Design, build, and iterate core economic systems for a multi-platform AAA FPS Coordinate with the Lead Design roles, the Creative Director to make sure economic systems are meeting their goals and delivered to players in a complete, polished, and fun state Collaborate with Product Management to create and implement economic systems in support of KPIs and monetization needs Work in multidisciplinary teams with coders, artists, and other designers to coordinate development of systems and solve problems Guide the development of internal tools and processes to ensure rapid content creation and less bugs Coordinate systems testing with QA and automated tools to ensure consistent quality of the product 3+ AAA Projects shipped to completion in a design role, leadership roles are a plus Love of the Borderlands franchise Knowledge of Unreal Engine 4 is preferred Experience with economic models – background in economics is a plus Must possess proficiency in mathematics including vector math, ability to develop growth curves, diminishing return systems, and possessing the ability to understand how to best utilize math so players don’t have to Possess the ability to speak confidently about economic systems to other internal Gearbox developers, external partners, private conferences such as GDC, and potentially media or press outlets in promotion of the game. 
ScrapedJobID1014:
Help drive the design and implementation of new services for our platform Collaborate with multi-functional teams including Data and Customer Satisfaction Design and code products that are scalable, resilient, and fully tested Deliver a quality resulting in customer delight for your product(s) Demonstrated knowledge of modern server development, threading/concurrency, networking, automated testing in at scale Experience with development from the design stage to fielding and supporting code Proficiency in more than 1 mainstream programming language. Understanding of cloud data storage techniques and standard methodologies Willingness to guide and mentor other specialists as the team expands, someone who will set the bar on excellent delivery while solidly supporting the team Experience with Golang, Python, and/or Linux Deep knowledge building high-performance and high-availability distributed systems Experience in game development or social / communication services Help drive the design and implementation of new services for our platform Collaborate with multi-functional teams including Data and Customer Satisfaction Design and code products that are scalable, resilient, and fully tested Deliver a quality resulting in customer delight for your product(s) Demonstrated knowledge of modern server development, threading/concurrency, networking, automated testing in at scale Experience with development from the design stage to fielding and supporting code Proficiency in more than 1 mainstream programming language. Understanding of cloud data storage techniques and standard methodologies Willingness to guide and mentor other specialists as the team expands, someone who will set the bar on excellent delivery while solidly supporting the team Experience with Golang, Python, and/or Linux Deep knowledge building high-performance and high-availability distributed systems Experience in game development or social / communication services 
ScrapedJobID1015:

ScrapedJobID1016:

ScrapedJobID1017:
Develop realtime 3D environments for use with training and testing AI systems Light environments using both baked and real time solutions Set up cameras and post effects in real time environments Manage projects using Perforce, Git, and/or other source control software Expert-level experience with crafting and lighting environments in Unity Strong experience in DCC packages such as: Autodesk 3ds Max, Autodesk Maya, Blender, Pixelogic ZBrush, Adobe Substance Designer, and Adobe Substance Painter BS degree in Game Design, Animation, Graphic Art, or a related field, or equivalent experience. Experience in game development (or equivalent visual effects fields) with multiple shipped titles, films, or applications Key skills in Unity, VFX, materials setup, scene generation, lighting setup. Experience in groups that have developed or made use of synthetic data for computer vision Experience crafting procedural systems using industry tools such as Side Effects Houdini Extensive scripting experience in C#, Python or other languages 
ScrapedJobID1018:
Développer des applications backend orientées objet avec PHP, MySQL et des frameworks tels que Yii, Laravel et Phalcon Assurer la maintenance des produits existants en apprenant le code actuel et en l'améliorant Assurer la qualité et créer des tests automatisés pour valider le code après les modifications Participer à l'ensemble du cycle de vie du développement web Ajouter de nouvelles fonctionnalités à nos applications web Suivre et corriger les bugs sur les codes signalés Toute autre tâche connexe 3+ ans d’expérience avec HTML5, CSS et Javascript Au moins 3 ans d'expérience avec PHP, Laravel, Yii et autres frameworks MVC et plateforme de développement Web Connaissance de Docker et des commandes linux de base Capable de dépanner et de résoudre des problèmes Maîtrise de Git, Gerrit et d'autres outils de contrôle des sources Une bonne compréhension des pratiques de développement de logiciels sécurisés Capacité à travailler en équipe et à collaborer avec d'autres personnes travaillant sur la même base de code Etre autonome, organisé.e et axé.e sur les résultats Être débrouillard·e et avoir une excellente capacité de résolution de problème Faire preuve de rigueur, de gestion du temps et des demandes Excellentes aptitudes à la communication (la maîtrise du français et de l'anglais est un atout) Heures de travail flexibles Salaire de base très compétitif Politique de télétravail flexible Assurances collectives complètes offertes à 100% Jours de vacances et de maladie avantageuses dès le 1er jour Un environnement de travail stimulant, une ambiance décontractée ainsi qu’un espace de travail bien équipé Une salle de sport et de jeux sur place Activités de groupe – barbecue, vendredi pizza, 5@7, billard, karting, etc. (hors pandémie) Develop object oriented backend applications with PHP, MySQL and frameworks such as Yii, Laravel, and Phalcon Maintain existing products by learning the current code and making improvements Ensure quality and create automated tests to validate code after changes Take part in the entire web development life cycle Add new features to our web applications Track and fix bugs reported by customers and end users Any other related tasks At least 3 years of experience with HTML5, CSS and Javascript At least 3 years of experience with PHP, Laravel, Yii and other MVC frameworks Able to troubleshoot and solve issues Proficient with Git, Gerrit and other source control tools A strong understanding of secure software development practices Ability to work in a team and collaborate with others working on the same codebase Autonomy and organization Be resourceful and have excellent problem-solving skills Demonstrate rigor and time management abilities Be result driven Strong communication skills (having both French & English is a plus) Flexible working hours Competitive salary Flexible work from home policy A flat hierarchy that fosters communication between everyone Work alongside an international team comprised of industry experts Full group insurance offered at 100% Vacation and sick days from your first day on the job A stimulating work environment, a relaxed atmosphere as well as a well-equipped office space On-site gym, ping-pong table and games Many group activities: on-site barbecues, pizza days, 5@7, billiards, karting, etc. (post pandemic) 
ScrapedJobID1019:
Collaborate and provide guidance to the art department on how best to realize their vision in the most efficient and effective manner Further extend and innovate key visual technology to make our games stand out. Explore ways to apply the latest graphics innovations to our project Develop art budgets and target metrics with the Technical Director/Architect to ensure our game is always running great Profile the game and help fix performance problems Build and use tools to measure and improve game performance Develop art workflows and tooling Mentor other Engineers on the team 8+ years developing amazing graphics on multiple AAA titles Advanced understanding of C++ and HLSL Experience working with Unreal Engine is a plus Strong mathematical skills Initiative to push boundaries and a strong desire to build something outstanding Excellent interpersonal skills 
ScrapedJobID1020:
Partner with ergonomists and the user research team to get a clear picture of player behaviours, goals, motivations, values, needs, etc. Develop the overall core gameplay experience (flow, layout, logic, navigation, controls, feedback, etc.). Design the onboarding experience to ensure a smooth learning process. Build prototypes and wireframes to test concepts, explore opportunities, and look for pain points. Collaborate with interdependent teams (audio, art, animation, narrative, game design, level design, etc.) to support game features. Work (very) closely with UI artists and game designers to balance usability and functionality with visual appeal. Adapt your designs based on play test results and comments from cross-functional teams. Stay up to date on interaction design best practices + promote them across the studio. A college diploma in Game Design, Computation Arts, or equivalent (undergraduate degree an asset) At least 2 years of experience in UX, game design, level design, or related experience Experience with the Adobe Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, and InDesign) and prototyping tools (e.g. Axure RP) * Understanding of interface & interaction design, information & product architecture, and research techniques A highly collaborative, creative, empathetic, and innovative spirit Ability to accept feedback and adapt to it Excellent problem-solving, organizational, communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills A keen eye for even the subtlest of details + a passion for video games Knowledge of gameplay programming a huge plus Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills Samples of your best designs (attach files or send us a link to your personal website or online portfolio) 
ScrapedJobID1021:
Develop and maintain our LLVM fork Identify and optimize bottlenecks in the toolchain Upstream the patches and participate in reviews with the LLVM community Occasionally maintain our LLVM GitLab CI Improve the quality of the debug information Address practical usages of the toolchain in production Work with other adjacent tools or processes relying on LLVM, such as sanitizers, Linux cross-compilation, distributed & cached builds, etc. Extensive experience in C++, low-level programming, CPU architectures Experience contributing to a large-scale open-source project, including the review cycle Experience developing on a compiler toolchain, such as GCC, LLVM or MSVC. Familiarity dealing with whole compilation/build pipeline (although this is not a build manager job!) 
ScrapedJobID1022:
SRE Passion is automating everything, removing the toil and seeing the entire world in code. SRE Passion is feeling the energy of enabling development teams to safely go faster. SRE Passion is loving Cloud technology and how it enables acceleration. SRE Passion is incomplete without security and compliance – DevSecOps. SRE Passion is solving complex problems with simple solutions. SRE Passion is being on a continuous path for improvement. Has the SRE Passion Seeks out toil and destroys it with automations Has the proven skills in handling incidents, with a customer first focus Measures everything and creatively applies improvements Has a strong focus on security and compliance within a cloud environment Has a proven track record for leading a group of individuals with the same passion, both in SRE and operations Has exceptional prioritization skills, including transparently communicating and justifying time investments Effectively collaborates with designers, developers, architects and operations, about SRE evolutions Writes code, regularly Embraces and presents new technologies and processes with the goals of learning and improving service quality while reducing costs Design and create automations that remove toil from the operational requirements of the services while enabling an increase of velocity for service teams Lead a team through SRE improvements, compliance audits, disaster recovery simulations and operational incidents Collaborate and drive priorities of the team Contribute to the enhancement of tools and practices used within the team, keeping a keen eye on customer outcomes Proven SRE experience utilizing SLO/SLIs in a commercial, cloud-based service At least four years of experience designing and implementing software with high-level languages including Java or Python At least two years of experience in cloud computing with a preference to Amazon AWS Proven experience leading a high paced team in both development and operations activities Familiarity with secure coding practices and compliance adherence within a cloud environment including PCI, ISO27001 and SOC2 Proven experience in developing infrastructure as code using technologies like CloudFormation, Terraform and Serverless Hands on infrastructure, systems and application architecture experience in large scale, web-based applications Experience with testing and managing high availability environments Excellent communication, interpersonal and influencing skills in a cross functional role Bachelor of Science degree in related discipline, advanced degree desired 
ScrapedJobID1023:
Posséder, hiérarchiser et maintenir le backlog produit de l'équipe de développement, y compris la définition des épopées, des fonctionnalités, des user stories et des critères d'acceptation Établir et maintenir une vision et une feuille de route du produit partagées entre l'équipe de développement et les parties prenantes Agir en tant qu'expert en la matière pour les produits assignés Apporter de nouvelles perspectives sur la façon dont nous pouvons améliorer nos produits pour mieux servir nos parties prenantes Travailler avec l'équipe de développement et les parties prenantes sur les processus d'équipe et les améliorations du flux de travail Rechercher et analyser l'industrie du jeu mobile, les concurrents et les personnas Participer en tant que membre de l'équipe de développement Scrum et propre aux tâches de l'équipe Capable de prendre des décisions et de se les approprier Passion pour les jeux mobiles et une vision de l'industrie du jeu mobile et du F2P Expérience en tant que Product Manager, Product Owner ou Business Analyst dans un environnement Agile Connaissance d'Agile / Scrum, idéalement avec certificat CSPO / PSPO Connaissance de chaque étape du cycle de vie d'un produit Un esprit analytique et d'excellentes capacités de communication et d'écoute active Une première approche d'équipe pour la résolution de problèmes Excellentes capacités d'organisation, méticuleux, autogéré et pragmatique Enthousiaste, débrouillard et adaptable dans un environnement innovant et rapide Capacité à travailler sous pression tout en respectant les délais et en obtenant des résultats Une solide éthique de travail et la capacité de prendre la responsabilitiés des produits de manière proactive Expérience de travail avec JIRA ou un autre outil de gestion du backlog Own, prioritize, and maintain the development team’s product backlog, including definition of epics, features, user stories, and acceptance criteria Establish and maintain a shared product vision and roadmap between the development team and stakeholders Act as the subject matter expert for assigned products Bring new perspectives on how we can improve our products to better serve our stakeholders Work with development team and stakeholders on team processes and improvements to workflow Research and analyze the mobile game industry, competitors, and personas Participate as a member of the Scrum development team and own team tasks Able to take decisions and own them Passion for mobile games and a vision of the mobile game industry and F2P Experience as Product Manager, Product Owner or Business Analyst in an Agile environment Knowledge of Agile / Scrum, ideally with CSPO / PSPO certificate Knowledge of every stage of a Product lifecycle An analytical mind and excellent communication and active listening skills A team first approach to problem solving and solutioning Excellent organization skills, being meticulous, self-managing, and pragmatic Is eager, resourceful and adaptable in a fast-paced, innovative environment Ability to work under pressure while respecting deadlines and achieving results A strong work ethic and ability to proactively own products Experience working with JIRA or another backlog management tool 
ScrapedJobID1024:
Communicate the project's editorial vision and engage your team on the evolution of deliverables; Voice the challenges, the observations, and make recommendations on behalf of the project's programming teams at the core team level; Create and continuously re-focus the technology strategy for your game; Work closely with game design and content creation to help them push to the limits of technology but not beyond; Lead the programming team to define what's possible. Look ahead at upcoming technology and plan for the future; Be ready to jump in at short notice to help understand and react coherently to any unforeseen issues; Oversee planning and staffing for your programming teams Train your programming leads to improve their management and strategic skills continuously; Act as a role model. You demonstrate care for people, express inclusive behaviours and foster a safe and respectful work environment; Be the safety net that allows your team to flourish; Build and leverage an inter-project network to facilitate collaboration across locations, departments, and disciplines. A minimum of 10 years experience in game programming; A minimum of 5 years experience managing a team of game programmers; Proficient in C++ and other programming languages commonly used in-game production; Participation in at least one complete game production as a team lead programmer, including experience submitting to 1st Parties (Sony, Microsoft, Nintendo, Google); Interest and experience in most aspects of game technology development (gameplay, AI, UI, animation, engine, 3D, audio, network and tools); Impeccable strategic leadership and communication skills; Remain calm when facing challenging situations (you know that there is always a solution); A deep understanding of video game production with the flexibility to see the perspectives of other game production disciplines. A hybrid, flexible work model Six weeks of vacation An enhanced parental leave program Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefits Package: Disability Insurance Dental Insurance Extended medical insurance (Optional) RRSP contribution Relocation Assistance Bonus (If Applicable) 
ScrapedJobID1025:
Design, implement and maintain workflows for volumetric experiences in Unity. Work closely with a cross-discipline team and technical artists to provide highly productive authoring workflows in Unity. Design powerful and extensible APIs. Build and maintain production quality code for rendering, tools, and testing. Extensive experience with Unity, including proficiency in C# programming, rendering, artist tools and Unity workflows. Experience developing UI, tools and workflows with cloud backends and Unity. Understanding of DevOps including version control like Git, SVN and/or PlasticSCM, continuous integration (Jenkins etc), and development workflows. Performance-minded development, code profiling and optimization skills. Tight-knit collaboration and communication skills with the ability to adapt quickly to new technologies and tasks. Previous experience with a variety of concepts, practices, and procedures used in live TV & Broadcast. Experience with esports; casters, streamers and love for sports (soccer, basketball, football) A good grounding in the principles of customer/user experience design. Concevoir, mettre en œuvre et assurer la maintenance des processus de travail pour les expériences volumétriques dans Unity Travailler en étroite collaboration avec une équipe interdisciplinaire et des artistes techniques pour assurer des processus de création hautement productifs dans Unity Concevoir des API performantes et extensibles Écrire et maintenir un code de qualité de production pour le rendu, les outils et les tests Une expérience approfondie de Unity, notamment une maîtrise de la programmation C#, des outils de rendu, des outils d'artistes et des processus de Unity Une expérience dans le développement des interfaces utilisateur, des outils et des flux de travail avec les back-ends du nuage et Unity Une compréhension de la méthode DevOps, notamment du contrôle des versions comme Git, SVN et/ou PlasticSCM, de l'intégration continue (Jenkins, etc.) et des processus de développement Des compétences en optimisation et profilage de code, et en développement axé sur la performance Une aptitude à la collaboration et à la communication sans faille, avec la capacité de s'adapter rapidement aux nouvelles technologies et tâches Une expérience préalable des divers concepts, pratiques et procédures utilisés dans le secteur de la télévision et de la radiodiffusion en direct Une expérience dans le domaine des sports électroniques, des diffuseurs, des diffuseurs en continu et une passion pour le sport (soccer, basketball ou football) Une bonne connaissance des principes de la conception des expériences client et utilisateur 
ScrapedJobID1026:
Develop and maintain backend applications Work on several proprietary ad tech applications including a demand side platform (DSP), data management platform (DMP), ad server, as well as a high-availability analytics application backed by a big data processing pipeline Architecture, design, and development of new features Solving complex issues around concurrency, security, performance and scalability Lead projects from conception to implementation Demonstrated knowledge and experience with Java, Spring Boot, and Scala Ability to produce reliable code following good coding principles Solid understanding of RESTful APIs and microservice architecture Strong proficiency in SQL Familiarity working with Git, including pull requests, code reviews, and CI/CD systems Uses a collaborative approach to building and debugging complex systems Passionate about improving software development workflows / process GCP, React, Python, Ad tech industry knowledge would be beneficial but not necessary Work Perks Program On-site GoodLife Fitness, Basketball & Volleyball courts, Ice Rink, Groceries delivered to work via PC Express, Dry Cleaning services (1PCC Office) Tuition Reimbursement & Online Learning Pension & Benefits Paid Vacation 
ScrapedJobID1027:
Bridge and integrate diverse client simulations into our API and/or SDK. Work in a cross-disciplinary collaborative role at the intersection of robotics and gaming/simulation Participate in the software development of authoring tools for simulation development with haptic feedback controllers within game engines like Unreal Engine and Unity Strong understanding of physics engines like SOFA and Chai3D Collaborate with clients and researchers developing simulation and optimization tools to improve haptic system performance Working within Agile / SCRUM methodology 3+ years of industry experience working on simulation software projects primarily written in C# and C++ Self-learning skills, autonomous worker/problem solver Worked at AAA game studio or lead the development at an independent studio Worked on serious games / simulations Mechatronics or mixed Hardware/Software environment experience Deploying and maintaining software systems Setting up and using CI / CD continuous integration & development Writing drivers & Network programming Concurrency (multi-threads applications) Experience with Agile development methodologies and project management tools like JIRA Strong organizational skills and a commitment to documentation Strong time management skills and the ability to accurately provide project timelines and estimate work An open mind to explore new solutions for a wide array of technical challenges 
ScrapedJobID1028:
Architect and design smart contract implementations Coordinate with broader team to integrate finished blockchain contracts into the tech stack Keeping track of issues and timelines; making sure deliverables are completed by release date Design long-term vision on features, their priorities, and how they'll impact our customer base 2+ years blockchain experience (Solidity, Ethereum, or another blockchain) 5+ years engineering experience (either in-industry or side projects) 2+ years Management experience Passionate about games and the metaverse Strong communication skills Excited about NFTs? Experience on multiple blockchains (Polygon, Solana, Flow, ImmutableX, ect.) Play / familiar with video games, or video game development Worked at a startup before AWS experience (or similar) Postgres experience (or similar) 
ScrapedJobID1029:
Casual dress Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Big data: 9 years (required) No 
ScrapedJobID1030:
Work with the Creative Director and Art Director to adapt aesthetic concepts to real 3D game assets Create a variety of high quality, game-ready 3D models and shaders, including characters, vehicles, and props Define a standard for art assets and support the integration and feedback of outsourced art Collaborate with other team members to ensure art is integrated seamlessly with other facets of the game 5 years experience or at least one shipped title as a 3D Artist Experience creating high-quality models and shaders for Unreal Engine Broad 3D art skills, including photogrammetry, retopology, UV unwrapping, shader editors Able to create a variety of art at high quality, including characters, environmental objects, vehicles, and props Self-motivated and able to collaborate well with team members of all development disciplines 
ScrapedJobID1031:
Write high quality and well-documented code according to accepted standards based on business requirements using one or more of the following tools and technologies: Oracle ADF Framework, Oracle JDeveloper, Java, JavaScript, SQL, PL/SQL Be or become familiar with Oracle Workflow usage and internal database structure Evaluate alternative design approaches to meet business requirements Create detailed technical design specification documents that can later be used for programming when required Conduct extensive testing to ensure compatibility of the program with Oracle’s version. Provide estimates for development items and consistently meet estimate and programming deadlines Provide standard product and enhancement support If needed, effectively work with other teams to assist with defect resolution Provide integrated testing and debugging for new programming tasks/functions Collaborate with team members and other departments to find solutions Participate in project and team meetings Other related duties as assigned University Degree, preferably in Computer Science 3 plus year hands-on professional Java/J2EE programming experience (includes Java, JDBC, JSP, JavaScript, Struts Framework). Familiarity with HTML5, JQuery & CSS. Knowledge of creating reports using Jaspersoft iReports would be a plus. Familiarity with Oracle databases and SQL, PL/SQL Knowledge of Oracle JDeveloper, Ajax, WebLogic, Oracle Workflow, or diagram editing would be an asset. Excellent communication skills – both written and oral. Competitive benefits Package (including Health & Dental benefits) Paid vacation and personal days Townhall meetings where all employees are encouraged to participate in open discussions Located on York University’s campus, easily accessible by transit (TTC, GO, etc.), walking distance to shopping and restaurants Outdoor lunch space, including picnic tables An active Social Events Committee (past events include annual seasonal parties, pool and bowling tournaments, karaoke nights, Game nights, BBQ’s, and more) Health and Wellness focus including virtual yoga classes and wellness webinars RRSP Matching Program after 2 years of employment Experience in a rapidly growing, socially responsible corporation 
ScrapedJobID1032:
Lead the design, development, architecture and implementation of the core engine gameplay systems Create game systems that are intrinsically scalable and cross platform Create or improve tools as necessary to support specific features/systems Continuously test, debug, profile, analyze, and optimize across all applicable platforms Contribute with innovative and original ideas on all aspects of game production, leadership and development Keep up to date on state-of-the-art software engineering methods, practices, and technologies Mentor other engineers as needed to increase their capabilities and productivity Work closely with the leadership team in recruitment and resource estimation and evaluation Five or more years of experience in the creation and delivery of state-of-the-art, performance-minded AAA consoles of PC/Console games with two in-game credits required with UE4 Experience preferable with Third and First Person Game Development At least one shipped modern console or PC title in the Lead Programmer role. Experience working with team leads to develop project structures, best practices, programming workflows and project scheduling Solid working knowledge of all technical aspects of game development facilitating the leadership of programmers outside of core expertise Demonstrated proficiency in C++ Proficiency with linear algebra and general 3D mathematics Comfortable working with internal and externally developed code and middleware Effective communicator and collaborator with engineers and team members from other disciplines Desire and demonstrated ability to mentor junior programmers and help with their career growth A natural curiosity for all aspects of game development and a willingness to work on a wide variety of systems Comfortable in using source control software, such as Perforce and branching methodologies Excellent analytical and communication skills Self-motivated and passionate about making video games. Hands-on experience developing for New-Gen Console Systems Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Math, or related field Experience modifying UE4 source code Experience developing UE4 plugins and tools for other team members Experience designing and implementing threaded, asynchronous software Experience with real-time physics, animation, and inverse kinematics Experience with the technical challenges unique to complex game systems A fun and dynamic industry where you can make a difference. Professional and friendly work environment. An attractive salary package Awesome and talented colleagues. Support from all your teammates. Access to training and learning programs. 
ScrapedJobID1033:

ScrapedJobID1034:
A bachelor's degree in computer science or computer engineering A minimum of 8 years of software development experience A minimum of 3 years experience in managing a team of programmers (task distribution, performance evaluation, etc.) A good command of different programming languages (C ++, C #, SQL, WPF and others) Excellent communication and strategic leadership skills The ability to stay calm in difficult situations (you know there is always a solution) The ability to put yourself in the shoes of other trades and users of your systems Strong interest in the video game production process Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID1035:
405 Avenue Ogilvy, Montréal, QC H3N 1M3, Canada Employees can work remotely Full-time Department: Code Location: Canada / Montreal Project: Dagger Strong C++ knowledge Minimum 7 years of software engineering experience Experience with Unreal Engine 4 Excellent math and/or physics skills Passion for writing solid, reliable, efficient code and highly scalable systems Experience with multiple core systems, such as graphics, tools, audio, networking, memory handling, scripting, etc. Strong verbal and written communication skills in English High work ethic and self-motivation Passion for Games Excellent communication skills Excellent communication skills Experience working with multithreaded systems Performance and memory optimization skills Console experience, especially next-generation systems BS (or higher) in Computer Science or similar discipline (Physics, Math, EE, etc.) Shipped-title experience Competitive salary Personal development opportunities and the possibility to work in a multicultural environment. Work with highly-skilled, senior-level professionals. Being part of a young organization and having a true impact on your daily work. Opportunity to work on innovative, exciting AAA projects with the newest technologies. An informal atmosphere, no dress code, no unwanted formalities 
ScrapedJobID1036:
Design innovative and engaging digital experiences for web, mobile, tablet, and smart device technology. Create high-fidelity design artifacts such as annotated wireframes, visual design comps, storyboards, and interactive prototypes as necessary to communicate your designs to users, stakeholders, and teammates. Lead UX design activities on digital product development teams. Use UX research techniques, including interviews, surveys, task/workflow analysis, focus group sessions, or diary studies to drive your designs. Mentor and share knowledge with others to help sustain a user-centered, design thinking culture within Digital Studio and Online. Minimum of 2 years’ experience as a UX designer on a product development team. Proficiency in design tools such as Sketch / Figma, InVision Studio, Adobe Creative Suite and Axure. Proficiency in UX disciplines, such as interaction design, information architecture, visual design, user research, and front-end development. Familiarity with standards-compliant web and mobile design patterns. Ability to communicate UX principles, goals, and design processes to clients and team members. Related degree or diploma, such as design, HCI, interaction design, psychology, human factors, or computer science. Professional Development budget and days Interest-free tech-enablement loans A Career Mentor to support your growth and development RRSP/401K matches Bonus programs Wellness program 
ScrapedJobID1037:
Examiner la documentation des équipes de conception pour confirmer que les fonctionnalités proposées font l'objet de commentaires appropriés qui correspondent à la vision de l'interface utilisateur. Faciliter la mise en œuvre en fournissant à l'équipe de l'interface utilisateur des conceptions et du matériel de référence au besoin. Travailler en étroite collaboration avec l'interface utilisateur et les équipes de conception tout au long de l’implantation pour s’assurer de l’expérience globale est raffinée Aide à rassembler les critères de test pour les tests de lecture de l'interface utilisateur et aide à transformer les commentaires en éléments exploitables selon les besoins. Fournir des informations aux systèmes, au contenu et à l'interface utilisateur sur les points de confusion dans le jeu. Aider le concepteur UX en chef au besoin dans le polissage des commandes, de la visée et des domaines liés à la sensation du jeu. Au moins 3 ans d'expérience professionnelle avec les jeux UI / UX. Une expérience avérée de conception et de mise en œuvre dans les jeux vidéo. Compréhension des expériences d'interface utilisateur modernes dans les jeux, y compris le déroulement des menus des joueurs, la conception du HUD, la cartographie des contrôles et les méthodes de rétroaction des joueurs. Excellentes compétences en documentation, en communication, en relations interpersonnelles et en organisation. Une capacité à maintenir la concentration et l'auto-motivation vers les objectifs actuels du projet. Capacité à travailler dans des délais serrés et dans un environnement très stressant. Enthousiaste, positive, axée sur l'équipe; Une compréhension des mécanismes de base du joueur et une familiarité avec le fonctionnement de la manette de jeu, du clavier et de la souris, de la visée et des systèmes de caméra. Avoir livré un titre AAA, avec une préférence pour la technologie Unreal et les tireurs à la première personne. Expérience multijoueur en coopération et / ou en ligne. Expérience du processus de certification et d'expédition sur les consoles modernes. Review documentation from design teams to confirm that proposed features have appropriate feedback called out that fits within the vision of the UI. Facilitate implementation by providing the UI team with designs and reference material as needed. Work closely with the UI and design teams throughout implementation to make sure that the overall experience is polished Help collate testing criteria for UI playtests and assist in turning feedback into actionable items as needed. Provide input to systems, content and the UI leads on points of friction within the game and monitor the implementation of solutions. Assist the Lead UX designer as needed in fine-tuning and polishing controls, aiming, and areas that pertain to game feel. At least 3 years of professional experience with games UI/UX. A proven track record of design and implementation in video games. Excellent understanding of modern user experience theory and practices in games, including player flow through menus, HUD design, control mapping, methods of player feedback and accessibility Excellent documentation, communication, interpersonal and organizational skills. An ability to maintain focus and self-motivation towards the current project goals. Ability to work in tight deadlines and in a high stress environment Enthusiastic, positive, team-oriented An understanding of core player mechanics, and familiarity of how gamepad, keyboard and mouse, aiming, and camera systems work. Have shipped a AAA title, with a preference towards Unreal technology and first-person shooters. Co-op and/or Online Multiplayer experience. Experience with the certification and shipping process on modern consoles. 
ScrapedJobID1038:
Oversee internal and external technical projects and dependencies for Halo Infinite : ensure contingency plans are in place, recommend solutions, validate plans and timelines, and understand the overall impact on stakeholders Take ownership of various sub-teams of Halo Infinite's engineering team and support them to deliver on key milestones Interact with and manage various key internal and external stakeholder groups, using expert communication skills to foster strong and collaborative relationships Participate in high level planning with project managers and technical directors, while contributing regular updates on engineering efforts of key sub-teams Provide career management to your team through annual performance reviews, ongoing mentorship and feedback, and regular 1-on-1s Support the team directly by providing hands-on coding solutions to help solve complex problems or blockers when needed Be an active participant and driver of SkyBox culture of learning, development, and collaboration 10+ years of professional software engineering experience in the games industry At least 2 years' experience in a leadership role driving technical road maps and managing high performing engineering teams Experience shipping multiple game titles on PC and/or console Extensive experience programming in C++ Strong stakeholder management skills and experience communicating with technical and non-technical teams Experience providing career management to software engineers, with strong leadership skills and a desire to teach and mentor others Driven and self-motivated to produce results and lead technical initiatives Familiarity leading a team in the early stages of a growing project 
ScrapedJobID1039:
Monitoring and oversee team activities and day-to-day operations, provide status updates to management Coordinate with other Team Leads to facilitate intra-teams collaboration and with Squad leaders to manage team members’ participation Maintain a supportive and productive team environment, encourage transparent and supportive communications, resolve issues and conflicts, facilitate team building activities, and promote creativity and risk-taking culture Utilize Flutter International tools and techniques such as goal management, performance reviews, mentoring, and coaching to progress team effectiveness within respective areas, and to ensure efficiency in daily activities while meeting delivery initiatives Listen to and provide timely feedback, monitor happiness, satisfaction, and mental wellness, recognize and reward accomplishments of team members Enforce Agile and SDLC best practices with team members Discover learning needs and provide training resources Interview and screen potential candidates to join the team Strong experience in People Leadership role Strong experience in setting and evaluating SMART KPIs goals Capable of being empathetic but also separate themselves and being impartial when dealing with team members’ issues and conflicts Able to delegate tasks and set deadlines and expectations Strong experience and understanding of the Agile approach, modern development/testing/deployment methodologies, and release branching strategies Strong experience with collaboration and documentation tools such as Atlassian Jira and Confluence, Microsoft SharePoint and the Office suite Capable of clear and effective communication, both in written and in verbal form, for providing updates and estimates, collaborating and empowering team members, and contributing to the knowledge repository Quick learner, detail-oriented, excellent planning and time organization, able to self-organize and handle multiple competing priorities Keen interest in the latest technology in the industry related to the development stack Computer Science or Software Engineering academic background or equivalent practical experience Knowledge of different Casino games rules and related domain is a plus Knowledge of probability and statistics concepts is a plus Health and dental insurance for you, your partner and your children (if you all live at the same address) A personal interest allowance to let you learn something new or pursue a hobby Looking to extend your family? You will receive a cash gift of $1,900 for your new addition whilst working for us Discounts on local gyms, restaurants and events Free snacks and catered lunch In-house training and development to develop your skills, progressing your career 
ScrapedJobID1040:
Health and Dental Benefits $1000 towards your health and wellness expenses 3-week paid vacation An inclusive environment Mentorship and career growth Company socials, meditation room, pool table and games room, free massages RRSP matching, ESPP contributions, annual bonus Working at the company ranked #1 in the Great Place to Work survey 2019 BS/MS in computer science or equivalent work experience 6+ years experience developing web, software, or mobile applications Solid grasp of software engineering fundamentals and their practical application Solid grasp of JavaScript fundamentals such as closures, prototype, callbacks, promises, error handling Experience with Object Oriented Languages such as: Java/J2EE, C#, VB.NET, Python, C++ Understand and preferably have experience with web services (REST or SOAP) Understand unit testing and preferably Test Driven Development Helpful, can-do attitude and a willingness to take ownership of problems Strong desire to learn and grow Excellent problem solving skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Commitment to team success and positive team dynamics Deliver high quality full-stack applications (requirements, design, code, documentation, etc.) Roughly 70-85% hands-on coding Contribute to early quality activities, including peer reviews of estimates, designs and code Resolve defects/bugs Partner with team members to deliver against commitments Grow and apply technical skills in service to customers Experience Agile Development, SCRUM, and/or Extreme Programming methodologies 
ScrapedJobID1041:
Monitoring 3D Team's art direction & working with the Project Manager to follow/maintain the deadline; Oversee and Mentor the 3D Team; Shoulder the responsibility of the quality and completion of all work projects assigned to members of the UA team Participate in and provide regular opportunities for professional development and growth to team Create high and low polygon 3D scenes/props in Max / Maya / Unreal Develop a beautiful cohesive layout with 3D assets resulting in an immersive Unreal scene. Create and modify existing textures with the latest techniques (diffuse, normal, specular, and emissive) Create marketing images for Appstore and advertisements (renders, screenshots) Conceptualize campaign vision, harnessing original graphics, copy, content websites, social media, and other marketing materials ; Develop creative briefs based on ideas established in brainstorming sessions with direction, schedules, and expected deliverables for the UA team Work together with HRs for interviews & performance reviews & pass probation reviews etc. Anticipate problems that may impede a project from completing on time and implementing solutions; Other tasks assigned by the Team 6 + years of experience in a 3D/2D Artist role in the videogames/VFX/Animation industry - Art Sense(Our New Mobile Game is in need of the look for 3D render to 2D style); Experience in a Lead Artist role in the videogames/VFX/Animation industry. Ability to work in a fast paste work environment, with good leadership skills, and to delegate work accordingly. Must be creative, detail-oriented, and able to handle multiple projects under pressure; Self-motivated and proactive & Strong problem-solving skillset; Positive attitude and a genuine team player; Excellent interpersonal and communication skills with leads and team members of different departments. Ability to take direction well; Strong knowledge in Maya or 3DS Max, Hand-Painting Skills, Photoshop, and Substance Painter; Tileable texture creation with Substance Designer Expert knowledge of lighting techniques; Versatile, flexible, and willing to do what's needed in a fast-moving environment; Share knowledge and open to learning from others; Passion for videogames and extensive knowledge of different game genres across all platforms Knowledge of Unreal engine; Proven track record of art assets on projects that have made it to market Interest in pop culture, movies, and games Understanding of typography, the basic principles of design, and color theory Proven portfolio showing an ability to manage diverse styles Familiarity with casual games on iOS and Android platforms Previous experience with the development and shipment of AAA titles Proficiency in various shader techniques including light mapping, ambient occlusion, specular. Experience creating real-time visual effects and particle systems; Proficiency in various shader techniques; Comprehensive benefits after 3 months include extended health, dental, vision & prescription coverage. Paid Vacation + paid Sick days: 18 days(accumulated and based on percentage earning) Active Living Benefits (such as Fitness Memberships, Registration fees for team sports reimbursement) after 3 months Training and development fee reimbursement after 3 months Dependent Child Benefit Paid Holiday Closure between Christmas & New Year week Statutory paid holidays RRSP matching after 1 year Monthly Commute Allowance after 3 months Monthly Team lunch On-site car and Bike Parking Work hours: 10 am to 6 pm with 1 hour paid lunch. Foosball & Pool Tables on site Gym on site Dress code: Casual Child Gift Lots of snacks, drinks available Random extra Bonus/Gifts Referral Bonus 
ScrapedJobID1042:
2+ years AWS experience (Lambdas, API Gateway) 2+ years Javascript / Typescript 2+ years Postgres experience 5+ years engineering experience (either in-industry or side projects) Self-sufficient, great communication Passion for Blockchain Passion for Games Worked at a startup before 
ScrapedJobID1043:
Concevoir, construire et adapter les systèmes économiques de base pour un jeu AAA multiplateforme. Coordonner avec les concepteurs principaux et le directeur créatif pour s'assurer que les systèmes économiques atteignent leurs objectifs et soient livrés aux joueurs dans un état complet, soigné et amusant Collaborer avec le gestionnaire de produits pour créer et mettre en œuvre des systèmes économiques à l'appui des indicateurs clés de performance et des besoins de monétisation Travailler dans des équipes multidisciplinaires avec des programmeurs, des artistes et d'autres concepteurs pour coordonner le développement de systèmes et résoudre des problèmes Guider le développement d'outils et de processus internes pour assurer une création de contenu rapide et une réduction des bugs Coordonner les tests des systèmes avec l'Assurance Qualité et les outils automatisés pour assurer une qualité constante du produit Plus de 3 projets AAA livrés jusqu'à leur terme dans un rôle de conception, un rôle de direction est un plus. La connaissance d'Unreal Engine 4 est préférable Doit posséder des compétences en mathématiques, y compris les mathématiques vectorielles, la capacité de développer des courbes de croissance, des systèmes de rendement décroissant. Être à l'aise en présentation (interne ou externes) Design, build, and iterate core economic systems for a multi-platform AAA FPS Coordinate with the Lead Design roles, the Creative Director to make sure economic systems are meeting their goals and delivered to players in a complete, polished, and fun state Collaborate with Product Management to create and implement economic systems in support of KPIs and monetization needs Work in multidisciplinary teams with coders, artists, and other designers to coordinate development of systems and solve problems Guide the development of internal tools and processes to ensure rapid content creation and less bugs Coordinate systems testing with QA and automated tools to ensure consistent quality of the product 3+ AAA Projects shipped to completion in a design role, leadership roles are a plus Love of the Borderlands franchise Knowledge of Unreal Engine 4 is preferred Experience with economic models – background in economics is a plus Must possess proficiency in mathematics including vector math, ability to develop growth curves, diminishing return systems, and possessing the ability to understand how to best utilize math so players don’t have to Possess the ability to speak confidently about economic systems to other internal Gearbox developers, external partners, private conferences such as GDC, and potentially media or press outlets in promotion of the game. 
ScrapedJobID1044:
Help drive the design and implementation of new services for our platform Collaborate with multi-functional teams including Data and Customer Satisfaction Design and code products that are scalable, resilient, and fully tested Deliver a quality resulting in customer delight for your product(s) Demonstrated knowledge of modern server development, threading/concurrency, networking, automated testing in at scale Experience with development from the design stage to fielding and supporting code Proficiency in more than 1 mainstream programming language. Understanding of cloud data storage techniques and standard methodologies Willingness to guide and mentor other specialists as the team expands, someone who will set the bar on excellent delivery while solidly supporting the team Experience with Golang, Python, and/or Linux Deep knowledge building high-performance and high-availability distributed systems Experience in game development or social / communication services Help drive the design and implementation of new services for our platform Collaborate with multi-functional teams including Data and Customer Satisfaction Design and code products that are scalable, resilient, and fully tested Deliver a quality resulting in customer delight for your product(s) Demonstrated knowledge of modern server development, threading/concurrency, networking, automated testing in at scale Experience with development from the design stage to fielding and supporting code Proficiency in more than 1 mainstream programming language. Understanding of cloud data storage techniques and standard methodologies Willingness to guide and mentor other specialists as the team expands, someone who will set the bar on excellent delivery while solidly supporting the team Experience with Golang, Python, and/or Linux Deep knowledge building high-performance and high-availability distributed systems Experience in game development or social / communication services 
ScrapedJobID1045:

ScrapedJobID1046:

ScrapedJobID1047:
Develop realtime 3D environments for use with training and testing AI systems Light environments using both baked and real time solutions Set up cameras and post effects in real time environments Manage projects using Perforce, Git, and/or other source control software Expert-level experience with crafting and lighting environments in Unity Strong experience in DCC packages such as: Autodesk 3ds Max, Autodesk Maya, Blender, Pixelogic ZBrush, Adobe Substance Designer, and Adobe Substance Painter BS degree in Game Design, Animation, Graphic Art, or a related field, or equivalent experience. Experience in game development (or equivalent visual effects fields) with multiple shipped titles, films, or applications Key skills in Unity, VFX, materials setup, scene generation, lighting setup. Experience in groups that have developed or made use of synthetic data for computer vision Experience crafting procedural systems using industry tools such as Side Effects Houdini Extensive scripting experience in C#, Python or other languages 
ScrapedJobID1048:
Développer des applications backend orientées objet avec PHP, MySQL et des frameworks tels que Yii, Laravel et Phalcon Assurer la maintenance des produits existants en apprenant le code actuel et en l'améliorant Assurer la qualité et créer des tests automatisés pour valider le code après les modifications Participer à l'ensemble du cycle de vie du développement web Ajouter de nouvelles fonctionnalités à nos applications web Suivre et corriger les bugs sur les codes signalés Toute autre tâche connexe 3+ ans d’expérience avec HTML5, CSS et Javascript Au moins 3 ans d'expérience avec PHP, Laravel, Yii et autres frameworks MVC et plateforme de développement Web Connaissance de Docker et des commandes linux de base Capable de dépanner et de résoudre des problèmes Maîtrise de Git, Gerrit et d'autres outils de contrôle des sources Une bonne compréhension des pratiques de développement de logiciels sécurisés Capacité à travailler en équipe et à collaborer avec d'autres personnes travaillant sur la même base de code Etre autonome, organisé.e et axé.e sur les résultats Être débrouillard·e et avoir une excellente capacité de résolution de problème Faire preuve de rigueur, de gestion du temps et des demandes Excellentes aptitudes à la communication (la maîtrise du français et de l'anglais est un atout) Heures de travail flexibles Salaire de base très compétitif Politique de télétravail flexible Assurances collectives complètes offertes à 100% Jours de vacances et de maladie avantageuses dès le 1er jour Un environnement de travail stimulant, une ambiance décontractée ainsi qu’un espace de travail bien équipé Une salle de sport et de jeux sur place Activités de groupe – barbecue, vendredi pizza, 5@7, billard, karting, etc. (hors pandémie) Develop object oriented backend applications with PHP, MySQL and frameworks such as Yii, Laravel, and Phalcon Maintain existing products by learning the current code and making improvements Ensure quality and create automated tests to validate code after changes Take part in the entire web development life cycle Add new features to our web applications Track and fix bugs reported by customers and end users Any other related tasks At least 3 years of experience with HTML5, CSS and Javascript At least 3 years of experience with PHP, Laravel, Yii and other MVC frameworks Able to troubleshoot and solve issues Proficient with Git, Gerrit and other source control tools A strong understanding of secure software development practices Ability to work in a team and collaborate with others working on the same codebase Autonomy and organization Be resourceful and have excellent problem-solving skills Demonstrate rigor and time management abilities Be result driven Strong communication skills (having both French & English is a plus) Flexible working hours Competitive salary Flexible work from home policy A flat hierarchy that fosters communication between everyone Work alongside an international team comprised of industry experts Full group insurance offered at 100% Vacation and sick days from your first day on the job A stimulating work environment, a relaxed atmosphere as well as a well-equipped office space On-site gym, ping-pong table and games Many group activities: on-site barbecues, pizza days, 5@7, billiards, karting, etc. (post pandemic) 
ScrapedJobID1049:
Collaborate and provide guidance to the art department on how best to realize their vision in the most efficient and effective manner Further extend and innovate key visual technology to make our games stand out. Explore ways to apply the latest graphics innovations to our project Develop art budgets and target metrics with the Technical Director/Architect to ensure our game is always running great Profile the game and help fix performance problems Build and use tools to measure and improve game performance Develop art workflows and tooling Mentor other Engineers on the team 8+ years developing amazing graphics on multiple AAA titles Advanced understanding of C++ and HLSL Experience working with Unreal Engine is a plus Strong mathematical skills Initiative to push boundaries and a strong desire to build something outstanding Excellent interpersonal skills 
ScrapedJobID1050:
Partner with ergonomists and the user research team to get a clear picture of player behaviours, goals, motivations, values, needs, etc. Develop the overall core gameplay experience (flow, layout, logic, navigation, controls, feedback, etc.). Design the onboarding experience to ensure a smooth learning process. Build prototypes and wireframes to test concepts, explore opportunities, and look for pain points. Collaborate with interdependent teams (audio, art, animation, narrative, game design, level design, etc.) to support game features. Work (very) closely with UI artists and game designers to balance usability and functionality with visual appeal. Adapt your designs based on play test results and comments from cross-functional teams. Stay up to date on interaction design best practices + promote them across the studio. A college diploma in Game Design, Computation Arts, or equivalent (undergraduate degree an asset) At least 2 years of experience in UX, game design, level design, or related experience Experience with the Adobe Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, and InDesign) and prototyping tools (e.g. Axure RP) * Understanding of interface & interaction design, information & product architecture, and research techniques A highly collaborative, creative, empathetic, and innovative spirit Ability to accept feedback and adapt to it Excellent problem-solving, organizational, communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills A keen eye for even the subtlest of details + a passion for video games Knowledge of gameplay programming a huge plus Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills Samples of your best designs (attach files or send us a link to your personal website or online portfolio) 
ScrapedJobID1051:
Develop and maintain our LLVM fork Identify and optimize bottlenecks in the toolchain Upstream the patches and participate in reviews with the LLVM community Occasionally maintain our LLVM GitLab CI Improve the quality of the debug information Address practical usages of the toolchain in production Work with other adjacent tools or processes relying on LLVM, such as sanitizers, Linux cross-compilation, distributed & cached builds, etc. Extensive experience in C++, low-level programming, CPU architectures Experience contributing to a large-scale open-source project, including the review cycle Experience developing on a compiler toolchain, such as GCC, LLVM or MSVC. Familiarity dealing with whole compilation/build pipeline (although this is not a build manager job!) 
ScrapedJobID1052:
SRE Passion is automating everything, removing the toil and seeing the entire world in code. SRE Passion is feeling the energy of enabling development teams to safely go faster. SRE Passion is loving Cloud technology and how it enables acceleration. SRE Passion is incomplete without security and compliance – DevSecOps. SRE Passion is solving complex problems with simple solutions. SRE Passion is being on a continuous path for improvement. Has the SRE Passion Seeks out toil and destroys it with automations Has the proven skills in handling incidents, with a customer first focus Measures everything and creatively applies improvements Has a strong focus on security and compliance within a cloud environment Has a proven track record for leading a group of individuals with the same passion, both in SRE and operations Has exceptional prioritization skills, including transparently communicating and justifying time investments Effectively collaborates with designers, developers, architects and operations, about SRE evolutions Writes code, regularly Embraces and presents new technologies and processes with the goals of learning and improving service quality while reducing costs Design and create automations that remove toil from the operational requirements of the services while enabling an increase of velocity for service teams Lead a team through SRE improvements, compliance audits, disaster recovery simulations and operational incidents Collaborate and drive priorities of the team Contribute to the enhancement of tools and practices used within the team, keeping a keen eye on customer outcomes Proven SRE experience utilizing SLO/SLIs in a commercial, cloud-based service At least four years of experience designing and implementing software with high-level languages including Java or Python At least two years of experience in cloud computing with a preference to Amazon AWS Proven experience leading a high paced team in both development and operations activities Familiarity with secure coding practices and compliance adherence within a cloud environment including PCI, ISO27001 and SOC2 Proven experience in developing infrastructure as code using technologies like CloudFormation, Terraform and Serverless Hands on infrastructure, systems and application architecture experience in large scale, web-based applications Experience with testing and managing high availability environments Excellent communication, interpersonal and influencing skills in a cross functional role Bachelor of Science degree in related discipline, advanced degree desired 
ScrapedJobID1053:
Posséder, hiérarchiser et maintenir le backlog produit de l'équipe de développement, y compris la définition des épopées, des fonctionnalités, des user stories et des critères d'acceptation Établir et maintenir une vision et une feuille de route du produit partagées entre l'équipe de développement et les parties prenantes Agir en tant qu'expert en la matière pour les produits assignés Apporter de nouvelles perspectives sur la façon dont nous pouvons améliorer nos produits pour mieux servir nos parties prenantes Travailler avec l'équipe de développement et les parties prenantes sur les processus d'équipe et les améliorations du flux de travail Rechercher et analyser l'industrie du jeu mobile, les concurrents et les personnas Participer en tant que membre de l'équipe de développement Scrum et propre aux tâches de l'équipe Capable de prendre des décisions et de se les approprier Passion pour les jeux mobiles et une vision de l'industrie du jeu mobile et du F2P Expérience en tant que Product Manager, Product Owner ou Business Analyst dans un environnement Agile Connaissance d'Agile / Scrum, idéalement avec certificat CSPO / PSPO Connaissance de chaque étape du cycle de vie d'un produit Un esprit analytique et d'excellentes capacités de communication et d'écoute active Une première approche d'équipe pour la résolution de problèmes Excellentes capacités d'organisation, méticuleux, autogéré et pragmatique Enthousiaste, débrouillard et adaptable dans un environnement innovant et rapide Capacité à travailler sous pression tout en respectant les délais et en obtenant des résultats Une solide éthique de travail et la capacité de prendre la responsabilitiés des produits de manière proactive Expérience de travail avec JIRA ou un autre outil de gestion du backlog Own, prioritize, and maintain the development team’s product backlog, including definition of epics, features, user stories, and acceptance criteria Establish and maintain a shared product vision and roadmap between the development team and stakeholders Act as the subject matter expert for assigned products Bring new perspectives on how we can improve our products to better serve our stakeholders Work with development team and stakeholders on team processes and improvements to workflow Research and analyze the mobile game industry, competitors, and personas Participate as a member of the Scrum development team and own team tasks Able to take decisions and own them Passion for mobile games and a vision of the mobile game industry and F2P Experience as Product Manager, Product Owner or Business Analyst in an Agile environment Knowledge of Agile / Scrum, ideally with CSPO / PSPO certificate Knowledge of every stage of a Product lifecycle An analytical mind and excellent communication and active listening skills A team first approach to problem solving and solutioning Excellent organization skills, being meticulous, self-managing, and pragmatic Is eager, resourceful and adaptable in a fast-paced, innovative environment Ability to work under pressure while respecting deadlines and achieving results A strong work ethic and ability to proactively own products Experience working with JIRA or another backlog management tool 
ScrapedJobID1054:
Collaborate with the Creative Director and Art Director to explore and establish the visual aesthetic of a new science-fiction IP, through sketches, concepts, and look development. Bring strong creative ideas and an ability to polish them to high quality, through sophisticated art techniques in lighting, composition, materials, and rendering methods. Participate in story, game, and design discussions, and help explore new ideas through sketching and rough concepts that quickly illustrate different possibilities. Create concepts for specific game needs as well as your own proactive ideas inspired by the theme of the IP
Seek and respond to feedback from other team members 3+ years experience in videogames, TV, or film A portfolio showcasing your experience with sci-fi concepts of characters, objects, and environments A passion for science-fiction and a talent for producing original creative ideas Ability to use 3D software as part of your workflow Self-motivated and able to collaborate well with team members of all development disciplines 
ScrapedJobID1055:
Work closely with the Art Director and all members of the art team Main responsibility for character animation Additionally responsible for creating innovative 3D game art assets, characters, locations and prop designs in a unique, stylized art style Collaboration with game designers, artists, programmers and QA specialists in the team to produce some kickass games! Several years of experience creating for casual and/or mobile games Extensive knowledge in Maya 3D with strong character animation skills Extensive knowledge of Adobe Suite (mainly Photoshop), After Effects is bonus Knowledge of Unity3D is a plus Knowledge in Zbrush 2D conceptual drawing and painting skills are a plus Ability of texturing Passionate for mobile games expressed by high creativity in designing and modelling Ability to animate 3D characters and particle FX Strong comprehension of design, perspective, color and composition Experience working in an agile project environment Proactive and able to express and share creative ideas Excellent communication and organizational skills Open-minded, flexible, self-motivated, driven to improve and grow Excellent English language skills Become part of the company which develops category-leading, casual games on mobile and social platforms Work in a highly creative environment with a super-flat hierarchy Work with a very experienced and talented group of artists and developers at our centrally located office. Experience start-up spirit and the ability to have significant impact At the same time, you will be able to plug into our capabilities as a fully-fledged video-game development studio. MegaZebra has a ten-year track-record developing and publishing our own games. So, you get the best of both worlds 
ScrapedJobID1056:
Partner with the Clients and our internal External Productions group to understand the overall game vision and the requirements of the project in order to be involved in the planning strategies. Pave the way for production: optimize workflows and pipelines and implement effective means to facilitate interaction between colleagues. Set clear goals for your team members to achieve + use tracking tools to make sure the process of delivering those goals is as smooth as possible. Understand dependencies, anticipate risks & put plans of action in place to minimize disruption of production. Build reports to clearly represent progress of the development. Proven experience shipping a real-time 3D game as a project manager, producer, or technical role Flexibility to adapt to a range of situations & navigate interdependencies Excellent communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills Proficiency in written and spoken English and are able to clearly communicate ideas and technical knowledge. A diligent, collaborative, and proactive spirit that gets results but never loses sight of the dedicated people behind the work that we are doing. Familiarity with the Unity Engine Experience working in a certain/multiple domains in AAA game development. Experience with Jira 
ScrapedJobID1057:
Architect and deliver innovative and scalable services Design highly-scalable services using open-source technologies to deliver key progression, rewards, monetization, and social game features in line with our strategic roadmap Be an essential part of a full-service, cross-disciplinary software development team, leading all stages of the development process: technical design, prototyping, peer reviews, testing, production deployment, and sustainment Participate in the investigation and resolution of problems at scale for our mission-critical services. Contribute to root cause analysis efforts. Help the team implement fixes and apply what we’ve learned to prevent recurring issues Demonstrate a customer-focused mindset, keeping the success of our game studio partners and an excellent player experience front and center at all times Drive innovation in our software development community Be a leading contributing member of the worldwide Demonware software development community. Bring knowledge and best practices into the organization and share your expertise with other teams who will benefit from it Share comprehensive design feedback in the development of new services and service architecture, both with your own team members and with other teams across the company. Forge long-term working relationships with senior-level developers, technical directors, and producers across Activision’s game studios Strengthen the culture of service ownership at Demonware. Engage in mentoring other team members to level up this mindset in other engineers 9+ years relevant work experience Expertise in architecting, designing, and delivering software for services platforms Excellence in writing and reviewing code, preferably in Python Experience building applications that use MySQL, Cassandra, and/or Redis Experience with test-driven development and automated testing frameworks Experience delivering within Scrum/Agile development methodologies Experience working in a business-critical production environment Experience implementing robust service orchestration Experience working with high-volume, consumer-facing applications Experience with load testing and performance optimization best practices Experience working with VMs, Linux containers, Docker, and Kubernetes Experience working in game economy or social networks Instincts for an investigative approach and a curiosity to apply new technologies Flexibility and adaptability to changing situations and requirements Ownership of initiatives from inception through deployment and sustainment Excellence in proactive, open-minded collaboration across teams 
ScrapedJobID1058:
We develop animation technology, from performance capture through to a sophisticated runtime engine, for massive open world games. We are a global team of programmers and researchers who collaborate on pushing the boundaries of character animation on next generation hardware. We support and work closely with gameplay, animation, and technical art teams, across multiple projects at different Rockstar studios. Join our core animation technology team and work closely with performance capture, animation, rigging, technical art, and tools teams across different Rockstar studios. Develop, maintain, extend, and support new and existing libraries and DCC plugins exposing core animation and character technologies to a broader range of developers and artists. Implement well designed multi-language tools and DCC plugins improving technology availability across different content creation environments. Learn how to work with animation system features in a large, existing codebase. A degree in Computer Science or a related discipline, or equivalent industry experience. Experience developing tools and plugins for DCCs (e.g. Maya, Max, Motion Builder, Blender, Houdini etc) A passion for character-based games and for creating tools and DCC plugins that simplifies and speeds up content generation. Strong Python and C++ programming skills. Familiarity with networking (e.g. TCP/UDP sockets) or inter-process communication techniques. Good communication skills, ability to clearly share complex technical information with other programmers, animators and technical artists. Industry experience working on AAA character based games, or character based VFX animation. Experience creating Python bindings to C++ libraries. Strong 3D math skills. Experience animating or rigging (using skeletal bones or blend shapes) in Motion Builder, 3DS Max, Maya, Houdini, or Blender, etc. 
ScrapedJobID1059:
Work closely with developers on the team to plan and deliver features.
Support the leads of major gameplay disciplines and their teams
Run team sprint planning sessions based off defined priorities
Coordinate cross discipline meetings and weekly syncs where needed
Remove blockers for features and team members
Work closely with lead producer to assist and provide feedback on high level plans and schedules.
Create and foster a positive team culture
1-2 years of experience working with multidiscipline teams in a production role.
You have excellent communication skills and can adapt your communication style for the team you are supporting.
You are comfortable working in modern project management methodologies (Agile, Scrum, Waterfall, Kanban, etc)
Creative and analytical with a keen eye for detail.
Proven experience identifying and tracking dependencies.
Games experience a strong plus. Work closely with developers on the team to plan and deliver features. Support the leads of major gameplay disciplines and their teams Run team sprint planning sessions based off defined priorities Coordinate cross discipline meetings and weekly syncs where needed Remove blockers for features and team members Work closely with lead producer to assist and provide feedback on high level plans and schedules. Create and foster a positive team culture 1-2 years of experience working with multidiscipline teams in a production role. You have excellent communication skills and can adapt your communication style for the team you are supporting. You are comfortable working in modern project management methodologies (Agile, Scrum, Waterfall, Kanban, etc) Creative and analytical with a keen eye for detail. Proven experience identifying and tracking dependencies. Games experience a strong plus. 
ScrapedJobID1060:
As a key team member, you will help to scope, plan, and execute mobile application development. Collaborate with stakeholders and team members to iterate on solutions and to continually deliver value to our clients. Improve the application delivery process using automation and writing testable software. Contribute to solutions for new and interesting problems, which often involve spatiotemporal components. Participate in the product testing and peer review process. Develop yourself personally and professionally by actively setting and achieving ambitious goals. Impact Lim Geomatics' growth by developing great mobile applications and solutions. Comfortable with Agile development practices, working in small teams running modern dev ops. You have 4 or more years of mobile development experience. Cross-platform mobile development, C# and .NET knowledge, and Xamarin experience would be an asset. Experience with development environments on both Windows and MacOS. Experience with Esri technology and mapping solutions would be an asset. Experience with SQL and database technologies. Experience using peripheral sensors (GPS, Camera, Bluetooth, Motion) and their data would be an asset. Able to manage a workload that may touch on a few different applications any given week. You can independently research and implement solutions to complex problems. 
ScrapedJobID1061:
Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site parking RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday How many years experience do you have with C#? How many years experience do you have designing and implementing reliable, scalable software? Yes 
ScrapedJobID1062:
Work with product, analyst, and design teams to craft customer-facing features. Design, implement, test, and maintain web UI and backend services Collaborate with other team members to maintain a high-quality codebase Lead personal project priorities, expectations, and results Comfortable in implementing complex front and backend features Proficient in the ReactJS or AngularJS framework Experience with one of the following languages (Golang, Java, Kotlin or Node.js) Experience with relational or document databases such as PostgreSQL or MongoDB Experience with ads technology, game monetization, or game analytics Experience building a project from scratch Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to mentor Travailler avec les équipes de produits, d'analystes et de conception pour créer des fonctionnalités destinées aux clients Concevoir, implémenter, tester et maintenir des services d'interface Web et dorsaux Collaborer avec le reste de l'équipe pour maintenir une base de code de la plus haute qualité Diriger les priorités, les attentes et les résultats des projets personnels Une aisance avec la mise en œuvre de caractéristiques complexes frontales et dorsales Une maîtrise des cadres de travail ReactJS ou AngularJS Une expérience dans l'un des langages suivants (Golang, Java, Kotlin ou Node.js) Une expérience avec des bases de données relationnelles ou documentaires telles que PostgreSQL ou MongoDB Une expérience de la technologie publicitaire, de la monétisation de jeux ou de l'analyse de jeux Une expérience de construction d'un projet à partir de zéro Une excellentes compétences interpersonnelles et capacité à encadrer 
ScrapedJobID1063:
Build, test, maintain the backend and frontend for our admin system Write effective APIsWrite effective unit and integration tests Write technical documentation Build the front-end of applications through visually appealing design Test system to ensure responsiveness and efficiency Work closely with business and product team to enhance UX Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade system whenever applicable Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field 2+ years of demonstrable experience with Scala or Java 2+ years of demonstrable experience with MySQL or any relational database 2+ years of demonstrable experience with React or AngularHands-on experience with UX/UI design Great attention to detail Flexibility to WFH For the third year in a row, we are proud to announce that we have been certified as a Great Place to Work We were also certified as one of the Best Workplaces for Mental Wellness in 2020 We are an open work environment that fosters collaboration, ownership, creativity, and urgency We ensure flexible hours outside of our core working hours Enrolment in the Group Health Benefits plan right from day 1, no waiting period Team building events Fuel for the day: Weekly delivery of groceries, and all types of snacks Catered lunches and desserts on a monthly basis Daily fun in the office with our competitive games of Ping Pong, Pool, Smash Bros competitions, or FIFA And of course, an unlimited amount of freshly made coffee and tea! We’re pretty serious about our coffee beans Online learning through the platform, UDEMY 
ScrapedJobID1064:
Établir une vision unifiée pour les équipes d'artistes internes et externes produisant des actifs 2D, 3D et VFX pour des jeux sur plusieurs plateformes. Conduire la création d'art et s'assurer qu'une vision unifiée est maintenue et que les artistes aient des repères clairs pour la production d'actifs. Définir le niveau de qualité attendu pour la création d'actifs et l'art externalisé. Trouver des solutions artistiques qui respectent la vision créative et les réalités de la production. Réviser le travail des artistes et donnez votre avis pour vous assurer que les attentes de qualité les plus élevées soient satisfaites. Collaborer avec des artistes techniques, des concepteurs de jeu et des programmeurs pour développer des pipelines d'art efficaces et productifs et établir des mesures qui garantissent que les objectifs artistiques soient atteints. Développer des directives de création artistique et différents requis au niveau du pipeline Produire des actifs pour inspirer et définir la direction artistique ; vidéos d'ambiance, maquettes d'images, etc. Rester informé.e des dernières avancées dans la technique et la technologie de l'art du jeu Être un.e mentor actif.ve, un.e leader et un.e modèle pour l'équipe artistique. Maintenir le moral et créer une atmosphère de créativité et d'enthousiasme. Être activement impliqué.e dans le recrutement, la sélection des candidats, la réalisation des entretiens Diplôme d'études collégiales/diplôme en 2D/3D, développement de jeux vidéo ou formation/expérience équivalente. Expérience sur 2 jeux publiés en tant que directeur.rice artistique, 5 ans ou plus à un niveau senior ou supérieur. Expérience de travail sur un jeu AAA publié de la conception à la sortie. Portefeuille solide démontrant un haut niveau de créativité artistique dans une ou plusieurs disciplines de l'art du jeu à travers une gamme de styles. Connaissance approfondie de Photoshop. Compréhension approfondie des dernières techniques de modélisation 3D Bonne connaissance de 3DSMax, ZBrush et Substance Painter. Compréhension de la théorie fondamentale de l'art, y compris les principes de la couleur, de la lumière, de la composition et de l'anatomie. Capacité démontrée à équilibrer l'esthétique avec la performance et la convivialité. Excellentes compétences en communication (parlé et écrit). Influence positive et compétences en leadership - Motive et encourage les autres à générer de nouvelles idées. Establish a unified vision for teams of internal and external artists producing 2D, 3D and VFX assets for games on multiple platforms. Drive the creation of art and ensure that a unified vision is maintained and that artists have clear benchmarks for asset production. Define the quality bar for asset creation and outsourced art. Find artistic solutions which balance creative vision with production realities. Review artists' work and give feedback to ensure the highest quality expectations are met. Collaborate with technical artists, designers and programmers to develop efficient and productive art pipelines and establish metrics which ensure artistic goals are met within technical performance targets. Develop and own art creation guidelines and pipeline specifications Produce assets to inspire and define art direction; mood videos, image mockups etc Keep informed about latest advances in game art technique and technology Be an active mentor, leader and role model for the art team. Work to maintain morale and create an atmosphere of creativity and enthusiasm. Be actively involved with recruitment, vetting candidates, performing interviews College Diploma/Degree in 2D/3D, video game development or equivalent training/experience. 2 shipped titles as an Art Director, 5 or more years at a Senior Level or above. Experience of working on a published AAA game from conception to release. Strong portfolio demonstrating a high level of artistic creativity in one or more game art disciplines across a range of styles. Expert knowledge of Photoshop. Deep understanding of the latest techniques in 3D modeling Good Knowledge of 3DSMax, ZBrush and Substance Painter. Understanding of fundamental art theory including principles of color, light, composition and anatomy. Shown ability to balance aesthetics with performance and usability. Excellent communication skills (spoken and written). Positive influence and leadership skills - Motivates and encourages others to generate new ideas. 
ScrapedJobID1065:
Setting technical strategy for the modernization of critical infrastructure and services Collaborating with partners on standard methodologies around full stack web development from backend systems, API's, to pushing the boundaries of front end rendering and speed. Guiding the growth of an engineering culture in a new organization Rapidly growing our content management system to the next generation, crafting a headless CMS and multiple dedicated rendering applications. Deep knowledge of web technologies and frameworks and how to customize and improve them. A passion for building web applications and pushing what frameworks like next.js and react can do The ability to thrive when frequently context switching across multiple stacks A talent for sophisticated API and software design that builds in future growth needs without sacrificing clarity or usability Comfortable working with teams across multiple geo locations. Some knowledge of Go, Java, PHP, next.JS, React, and Google Cloud Experience with Content Management Systems such as Drupal Some familiarity with eCommerce Définir la stratégie technique pour la modernisation de l'infrastructure et des services critiques S'aligner avec les parties prenantes au sein de Unity sur les meilleures pratiques en matière de développement Web intégral, des systèmes back-end aux API, jusqu'à repousser les limites du rendu et de la vitesse des applications front-end Diriger la croissance d'une culture du développement au sein d'une nouvelle organisation Étendre notre système de gestion de contenu à la prochaine génération, en créant un CMS sans tête et plusieurs applications de rendu dédiées Une connaissance approfondie des technologies et des frameworks Web, ainsi que de la manière de les personnaliser et de les améliorer Une passion pour la création d'applications Web et le développement des capacités de frameworks, comme next.js et react La capacité de s'épanouir en changeant fréquemment de contexte entre plusieurs piles Un talent pour la conception d'API et de logiciels complexes, qui tiennent compte des besoins de croissance futurs sans sacrifier la clarté ou la convivialité Une capacité à travailler avec des équipes réparties sur plusieurs sites géographiques Une certaine connaissance des technologies Go, Java, PHP, next.JS, React et Google Cloud Une expérience des systèmes de gestion de contenu tels que Drupal Une certaine familiarité avec le commerce électronique et le développement Web full-stack 
ScrapedJobID1066:
Développer du code propre et maintenable, adapté à l’intégration continue ainsi qu’au déploiement continu et qui respecte les meilleures pratiques ainsi que les lignes directrices logicielles; Assurer la conception, l’architecture et le développement logiciel pour un large panel de services et systèmes; Collaborer avec les autres programmeurs pour assurer un déploiement facile, un fonctionnement en continu et un support de la qualité logicielle; Fournir activement des retours sur la révision du code aux autres programmeurs; Effectuer d’importantes tâches complexes sous un minimum de supervision; Develop clean, maintainable code that is suitable for continuous integration and continuous deployment which respects best practices and software guidelines; Design, architect and develop software for a wide range of services and systems; Collaborate with other developers to ensure smooth deployment, continual operation and support of quality software; Actively provide code review feedback to other developers; Perform under minimal supervision on significantly complex assignments; 4 ans d’expérience minimum dans la construction de plateformes en ligne fiables, hautement disponibles et évolutives; Expérience de programmation dans un environnement cloud (idéalement AWS, Google Cloud); 2 ans d’expérience minimum avec Java; Expérience avec idéalement 2 - sinon au moins 1 - des langages de programmation ou technologies suivantes : Python, Go, JavaScript/NodeJS, C++; Bonnes maîtrise des bases de données relationnelles, expérience pratique avec les alternatives non relationnelles / NoSQL et solide capacité à déterminer quel type utiliser selon la situation; Fortes compétences dans le profilage, l'optimisation et le débogage des ressources côté serveur; Expérience dans la conception et l’automatisation de tests unitaires ainsi que des tests de performance; Expérience dans les frameworks de messagerie; Expérience dans l’intégration avec des API tierces, y compris les réseaux sociaux et les systèmes de paiement/facturation; Expérience de travail en environnement Unix/Linux; 4+ years’ experience building reliable, highly available and scalable online services; Experience building in a cloud environment (ideally AWS, Google Cloud); 2+ years’ experience with Java; Experience with at least 1 (2 would be ideal) of the following programming languages / technologies (Python, Go, JavaScript/NodeJS, C++); Strong relational database fundamentals, hands-on experience with non-relational/NoSQL alternatives, and solid grasp of which to use according to the situation; Strong skills in server side resource profiling, optimization and debugging; Experience with designing and automating unit and load tests; Experience with message queuing frameworks; Experience with integrating with third party APIs (including social networks and payment/billing systems); Experience working with Unix/Linux environment; Expérience en intégration de services en ligne dans le secteur des jeux vidéo; Expérience de travail dans une infrastructure basée sur le micro-service; Expérience en matière d’application containerization et d’orchestration de container; Expérience en développement d’API RESTful; Expérience en gestion de performance (balancing) et sécurité de réseau; Expérience avec le gameplay multi-joueurs sur les protocoles TCP et/ou UDP; Expérience avec les moteurs de jeu tels que Unity3D, Unreal, etc. Experience working in video game industry, integrating online services; Experience working in a micro-service based infrastructure; Experience with application containerization and container orchestration; Experience in developing RESTful API; Experience with load management (balancing) and network security; Experience with multiplayer gameplay over TCP or/and UDP protocols; Experience working with game engines such as Unity3D, Unreal etc. 
ScrapedJobID1067:
Position based in Halifax, Nova Scotia. Will consider remote. Study results of game usability tests and generate reports outlining player behavior Study live player data and work with game design team to reconcile design intent Work closely in support of Product Manager to generate ad hoc reports from player data or usability studies Segment players into useful actionable groups Fully engage in gameplay throughout the development process and provide context to data and reporting Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports Support the development of data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality Work independently to identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in data sets Filter and clean data as needed Work closely with management to prioritize business and information needs 5+ years of experience in game research and player data analysis Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques Strong knowledge of, and experience with, reporting packages (Tableau Software, Power BI etc…), and ability to query database and generate reports Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing large datasets Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings BS in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management, Behavioral Psychology or Statistics (or comparable) Proven ability to analyze player behavior within a live game Passion for playing and studying games Passion for data, trends and analysis Strong interpersonal skills; comfortable dealing with a wide range of people from executive management to offshore developers Excellent communication skills (verbal and written), ability to present complex technical information to non-technical business users Able to handle multiple tasks in a fast paced environment and adjust to frequent changes in requirements and deadlines Seasoned communicator that is comfortable on email, phone and IM, and has ability to effectively manage communication style up, across and down a management structure, within a diversely skilled organization in multiple locations Strong attention to detail, accuracy, accountability and deadlines, with excellent organizational, time-management, multi-tasking and project management capabilities Organized, reliable self-starter with strong creative thinking, analytical, problem-solving, decision-making and interpersonal skills Ability to work independently and collaboratively Ability to communicate reporting deliverables with both technical and non-technical internal stakeholders Has a positive attitude and thrives in fast-paced, interactive environment 
ScrapedJobID1068:

ScrapedJobID1069:
Développer, améliorer et maintenir les fonctionnalités principales en utilisant React; Comprendre le contexte commercial et les scénarios d’utilisation par les clients; Collaborer directement avec les parties prenantes pour créer des expériences utilisateur plaisantes; Veiller au respect des politiques et des pratiques de sécurité, conformément aux autorités de contrôle internes et externes; Agir à titre de conseiller ou de guide auprès des nouveaux intégrateurs Web ou des moins expérimentés; Capacité à fonctionner de façon autonome, même si une certaine supervision et des instructions peuvent être requises. Expérience de cinq ans et plus concernant des bibliothèques telles que React, HTML et CSS; Expérience en matière de conception et de développement de produits; Expérience concernant les outils de prototypage (Fima, Sketch, etc.); Maîtrise de Node.js; Maîtrise d’AWS comme plateforme infonuagique; Expérience avec CI/CD; Expérience pour transposer les exigences en solutions à l’aide d’une documentation technique détaillée; Aisance en anglais. Maîtrise de SQL; Expérience concernant le service de base de données DynamoDB; SonarQube. Excellentes compétences pour communiquer, à l’écrit et à l’oral, avec les individus et les équipes, et ce, à tous les échelons de l’entreprise; Grande habileté à gérer son temps, le stress et à s’organiser; Souci du détail, mais capacité à comprendre la situation dans son ensemble; Capacité à analyser et à documenter des processus commerciaux complexes; Expérience quant à la communication avec des utilisateurs professionnels; Bonnes aptitudes pour la gestion de projet; Orientation confirmée pour le service à la clientèle; Capacité avérée à résoudre des problèmes et à apporter des solutions à des questions liées aux affaires ou aux données. Develop, enhance, and maintain core features using React Understand the business context and the associated customer use cases Collaborate directly with stakeholders to build delightful user experiences Ensure compliance with security policies and practices in accordance with internal and external audit governing bodies Serve as advisor or coach to new or less experienced front-end developers Expected to operate with autonomy, while some oversight and direction may be required 5+ years’ experience with React, HTML and CSS Experience with design and product development Proficiency with Node.js Proficiency with AWS as cloud platform Experience with CI/CD Experience in translating requirements with solutions using Detailed Technical documentation Fluency in English. Proficiency with SQL Experience with DynamoDB SonarQube Excellent written and oral communication skills with individuals and teams at all levels of the organization. Excellent time and stress management and organizational skills. Detail oriented but able to understand the big picture Ability to analyze and document complex business processes Experience communicating with business users Good project management skills. Strong customer service orientation Demonstrated ability to problem solve and provide solutions for business or data issues 
ScrapedJobID1070:
Researching, evaluating and implementing new technology platforms in partnership with enterprise architects, ensuring alignment with existing products, platforms, emerging business needs and engineering best practices Being responsible for the technical design for Core platform development projects by reviewing and contributing to functional specifications (i.e., business requirements, workflow, and design) Collaborating with Cross Domain Development Managers and technical leads to define technical design, obtaining buy-in from stakeholders for technical design, overseeing the development of detailed technical specifications, and approving high level work breakdowns and estimates Driving the end-to-end project life cycle, from inception to post-go-live experience by demonstrating true ownership and commitment for project success, while working closely with the Technical Product Manager to understand end user experience and needs Providing domain knowledge and technical leadership, and good management over development team, closely monitoring applications to ensure they are aligned with engineering best practices, and demonstrating ownership over end user experience post-go-live Managing processes/procedures, the development approach, resources, and budgets Acting as a process and technical resource during projects, intercepting issues and directing corrective actions as required, monitoring and reviewing project progress, and proactively raising issues to stakeholders and collaborate on solutions and options Identifying loopholes in the development process, analyzing development across teams for the potential to leverage content or processes between teams, and escalating issues requiring negotiation and arbitration of business decision trade-offs Ensuring delivery of high quality release to production using primarily agile methodologies and maintaining constant communication with business leaders. Leading multiple teams of Developers and Quality Analysts, including hiring, managing performance, developing, motivating and retaining a high performance team Handling relationships with 3rd party vendors, partners and consulting companies Evolving the organizational structure to meet business needs (and integrating organizational design and development practices to ensure appropriate partnerships and skill sets are used to achieve business results Represents PointClickCare by developing and maintaining comprehensive knowledge of PointClickCare products, industry and technical trends, and general business and financial acumen through various sources and initiatives Communicating with customers in a compelling and articulate manner in both verbal and written conversations and presentations, demonstrating corporate core values and culture, developing professional and positive relationships with customers, and maintaining a reputation of competence, integrity and professionalism. Solid experience with software development life cycle (e.g., gathering requirements, analysis and design, development, release and version control, deployment management), including: Most recent experience as a Development Manager or Team Lead Good experience with Agile development methodologies (or similar), Java SDK 1.5 or higher, and utilizing SQL (e.g., writing queries) Previous experience utilizing the following technologies/toolsets/applications: Java Web Applications, Servlets, Servlet Filters, JSP, JSTL, JDBC Spring Framework 2.x or higher, including Spring MVC Tomcat 6.x or higher, or SpringSource tc server Microsoft SQL Server Eclipse or SpringSource Tool Suite (STS) Used HTML/CSS/JavaScript Web service platforms. Utilizing Object Oriented Programming (OOP) principals Deep understanding of Enterprise Software Design Strong leadership skills – ability to lead by example, motivate others and continuously look for improvements in the work that you and your team performs Demonstrated troubleshooting and problem-solving skills Ability to collaborate with multiple internal teams and management Strong written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1071:
Set up specific environments and tools for localization Development of tools for production Identify and extract localizable content from complex formats Convert final translated assets back to original formats Automate asset transfer from and to customers portals Troubleshooting issues coming from production, originating from translation process Contribute actively to the design, development and deployment of new production processes Customize localization workflows and facilitate integration of localization tools with different source content repositories Review and anticipate potential globalization issues for new features, locales and technology Analysis of web sites and applications for localization potential and time/material requirements Ensure compliance with clients requirements and integrity of data Provide support to operations and sales management Work with other developers and engineers to implement technical solutions for end-to-end localization processes Review business requirements and identify technical design that is required to meet the business needs University degree in computer science or equivalent background At least 2 to 3 years experience in software development Knowledge of programming languages (VB, VBA, C#, Java), scripting (Python, Perl, JavaScript) and markup languages (XML, HTML, XLIFF); confidence with API programming Experience writing SQL queries is a plus Advanced knowledge of regular expressions and text manipulation Excellent knowledge of most important CAT tools on the market (memoQ, XTM, Memsource, Wordbee, etc.) Advanced knowledge of internationalization good practices and experience with internationalization of web and mobile applications Knowledge of multilingual localization issues and procedures (managing characters set and encoding, text direction, text strings sorting and handling) Knowledge of Machine Translation technology is a plus Able to communicate effectively with stakeholders who have varying levels of technical expertise Fluent in English and French Passion for global solutions, international customers, and teamwork Focus on automation Good problem-solving skills combined with strong analytical abilities to find creative solutions Team player Strong time management, organizational and support skills Strongly service oriented, to efficiently support internal and external customers 
ScrapedJobID1072:
B.S. in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience 7+ years of production experience in software development Knowledge and production experience of Java (Spring Framework), Python, Go Solid foundation in system architecture, API, and software design with strong analytical and debugging skills Experience building high-performance, large-scale applications, and reliable software Ability to mentor others and coordinate a project across multiple developers Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, documentation, and operations Experience with containers (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes) and cloud environments like Amazon’s AWS; Familiar with infrastructure as code (e.g. Terraform) Worked on production systems with both relational and NoSQL database technologies Experience in analytics and big data is a plus Solid knowledge of Node.js and web frameworks such as AngularJS/Backbone/Ember (preferred) or React and Flux/Redux Excellent communication skills, and the ability to work effectively with others in a team environment. Work in a studio that has complete P&L ownership of games Competitive salary, discretionary annual bonus scheme and Zynga RSUs Full medical, accident as well as life insurance benefits Catered breakfast, lunch and evening snacks Child care facilities for women employees and discounted facilities for male employees Well stocked pantry Generous Paid Maternity/Paternity leave Employee Assistance Programs Active Employee Resource Groups – Women at Zynga Frequent employee events Additional leave options for most employees Flexible working hours on many teams Casual dress every single day Work with cool people and impact millions of daily players! 
ScrapedJobID1073:
Develop and maintain backend applications Work on several proprietary ad tech applications including a demand side platform (DSP), data management platform (DMP), ad server, as well as a high-availability analytics application backed by a big data processing pipeline Architecture, design, and development of new features Solving complex issues around concurrency, security, performance and scalability Lead projects from conception to implementation Demonstrated knowledge and experience with Java, Spring Boot, and Scala Ability to produce reliable code following good coding principles Solid understanding of RESTful APIs and microservice architecture Strong proficiency in SQL Familiarity working with Git, including pull requests, code reviews, and CI/CD systems Uses a collaborative approach to building and debugging complex systems Passionate about improving software development workflows / process GCP, React, Python, Ad tech industry knowledge would be beneficial but not necessary Work Perks Program On-site GoodLife Fitness, Basketball & Volleyball courts, Ice Rink, Groceries delivered to work via PC Express, Dry Cleaning services (1PCC Office) Tuition Reimbursement & Online Learning Pension & Benefits Paid Vacation 
ScrapedJobID1074:
Design, implement and maintain workflows for volumetric experiences in Unity. Work closely with a cross-discipline team and technical artists to provide highly productive authoring workflows in Unity. Design powerful and extensible APIs. Build and maintain production quality code for rendering, tools, and testing. Extensive experience with Unity, including proficiency in C# programming, rendering, artist tools and Unity workflows. Experience developing UI, tools and workflows with cloud backends and Unity. Understanding of DevOps including version control like Git, SVN and/or PlasticSCM, continuous integration (Jenkins etc), and development workflows. Performance-minded development, code profiling and optimization skills. Tight-knit collaboration and communication skills with the ability to adapt quickly to new technologies and tasks. Previous experience with a variety of concepts, practices, and procedures used in live TV & Broadcast. Experience with esports; casters, streamers and love for sports (soccer, basketball, football) A good grounding in the principles of customer/user experience design. Concevoir, mettre en œuvre et assurer la maintenance des processus de travail pour les expériences volumétriques dans Unity Travailler en étroite collaboration avec une équipe interdisciplinaire et des artistes techniques pour assurer des processus de création hautement productifs dans Unity Concevoir des API performantes et extensibles Écrire et maintenir un code de qualité de production pour le rendu, les outils et les tests Une expérience approfondie de Unity, notamment une maîtrise de la programmation C#, des outils de rendu, des outils d'artistes et des processus de Unity Une expérience dans le développement des interfaces utilisateur, des outils et des flux de travail avec les back-ends du nuage et Unity Une compréhension de la méthode DevOps, notamment du contrôle des versions comme Git, SVN et/ou PlasticSCM, de l'intégration continue (Jenkins, etc.) et des processus de développement Des compétences en optimisation et profilage de code, et en développement axé sur la performance Une aptitude à la collaboration et à la communication sans faille, avec la capacité de s'adapter rapidement aux nouvelles technologies et tâches Une expérience préalable des divers concepts, pratiques et procédures utilisés dans le secteur de la télévision et de la radiodiffusion en direct Une expérience dans le domaine des sports électroniques, des diffuseurs, des diffuseurs en continu et une passion pour le sport (soccer, basketball ou football) Une bonne connaissance des principes de la conception des expériences client et utilisateur 
ScrapedJobID1075:
Help advance Unreal Engine to improve the iOS game development experience for hundreds of developers at Epic and thousands of Unreal Engine subscribers around the world Optimise C++ workflows and content-wrangling pipelines Make significant improvements to the workflow for professional developers making high-end mobile games using Unreal Engine Work with our partners to bring the latest mobile technologies to Unreal Engine Optimise and problem solving to help ship Epic's internal mobile titles Improving workflow and user experience Extensive experience with C++ Excellent understanding of the iOS platform ecosystem Professional game or engine development experience on mobile Experience using mobile toolchains, build systems, development tools and platform APIs Experience working on platform-level systems such as I/O, input handling, memory management, patching, deployment, third-party libraries, and framework integration, etc Exposure to mobile rendering and mobile GPU implementations in modern mobile devices You're user-focused, passionate, scrappy, solutions-focused, and innovative. These traits equal success at Epic and influence everything we do. 
ScrapedJobID1076:
Design innovative and engaging digital experiences for web, mobile, tablet, and smart device technology. Create high-fidelity design artifacts such as annotated wireframes, visual design comps, storyboards, and interactive prototypes as necessary to communicate your designs to users, stakeholders, and teammates. Lead UX design activities on digital product development teams. Use UX research techniques, including interviews, surveys, task/workflow analysis, focus group sessions, or diary studies to drive your designs. Mentor and share knowledge with others to help sustain a user-centered, design thinking culture within Digital Studio and Online. Minimum of 2 years’ experience as a UX designer on a product development team. Proficiency in design tools such as Sketch / Figma, InVision Studio, Adobe Creative Suite and Axure. Proficiency in UX disciplines, such as interaction design, information architecture, visual design, user research, and front-end development. Familiarity with standards-compliant web and mobile design patterns. Ability to communicate UX principles, goals, and design processes to clients and team members. Related degree or diploma, such as design, HCI, interaction design, psychology, human factors, or computer science. Professional Development budget and days Interest-free tech-enablement loans A Career Mentor to support your growth and development RRSP/401K matches Bonus programs Wellness program 
ScrapedJobID1077:
Collaborer avec la direction du jeu sur la conception de système de haut niveau et déterminer la faisabilité technique ; Construire et maintenir une documentation détaillée pour toutes les fonctionnalités du jeu ; Examiner les concepts de design de jeux pour identifier et analyser les risques ; Résoudre les problèmes complexes qui sont remontés vous et effectuer des validations techniques ; Travailler avec des ingénieurs et des concepteurs de jeux pour vous assurer que les systèmes peuvent être facilement mises en œuvre tout en visant l'amélioration continue ; Être en charge de l'intégration de chaque système, de la documentation technique initiale à la mise en œuvre finale. Aider les autres à comprendre comment ces systèmes fonctionnent et pourquoi nous les construisons. Identifier les opportunités et les possibilités d'amélioration dans l'ensemble d'outils fournis à l'équipe de conception de jeux. Créer du contenu pour tester des systèmes et contribuer à l'effort de conception pour la construction de divers outils de création de contenu. Plus de 10 ans d'expérience dans le développement de titres AAA Plus de 5 ans d'expérience en tant que Directeur.rice technique de la conception de jeux sur des titres AAA Aptitude avérée en tant que concepteur de jeux Une connaissance approfondie de la logique de jeu. Familiarité avec les structures de données et les concepts généraux de programmation. Solides compétences analytiques et amour pour la résolution efficace des problèmes. Une communication positive, directe et collaborative pour améliorer notre vision commune. Approche flexible et adaptable avec un appétit constant pour de nouvelles connaissances et expériences. Autonome et motivé.e, capable de gérer une fonctionnalité du début à la fin mais aussi savoir quand demander un mentorat ou de l'aide. Une expérience avec les moteurs de jeu Unreal est un plus. Capacité de programmer ou d'éditer des scripts. Collaborate with game leadership on high-level system design & determine technical feasibility; Build up and maintain detailed documentation for all owned features Review game design concepts and identify and analyze risks; Resolve complex, escalated issues & make technical validations; Work with engineers and game designers to ensure system designs can be easily implemented while also planting seeds for future improvements. Own the integration of each system from initial technical documentation to final implementation. Help others understand how these systems work and why we are building them. Identify opportunities and room for improvement in the toolset provided to the Game Design team. Build content to exercise systems and contribute design horsepower to the construction of various content creation tools. 10+ years experience developing AAA titles 5+ years of experience as a Game Design Technical Director on AAA titles Proven ability as a game designer in a professional capacity. A deep knowledge of gameplay logic. Familiarity with data structures and general programming concepts. Strong analytical skills and a love for efficient problem solving. Positive, direct, collaborative communication to improve our shared vision. Flexible, adaptable approach with a constant appetite for new knowledge and experiences. Self-sufficient and self-motivated, able to manage a feature from start to finish but also know when to ask for mentorship or help. Experience with Unreal game engines is a plus. Ability to program or edit scripts. 
ScrapedJobID1078:
Bring product experience related to bestselling consumer mobile apps or engaging mobile games into the conservative financial industry. Champion and help inform product priorities that ensure Neo’s usability and user-friendliness are literally the best in the world. Take a pragmatic approach to product management which leverages the advantages of a fast, nimble, iterative, and incredibly agile startup. Be able to concisely build business cases or articulate real business value when discussing user interface changes or improvements. Define interaction models, workflows or scenarios with detailed walkthroughs for both web and mobile products. Write requirements and specifications; create engineering stories for a software development team or actionable goals for a design team. Be responsible for hitting milestones, crushing deadlines and keeping a team delivering the highest possible quality of work. Work directly with design, user-experience, brand and development stakeholders to help push our mobile and web interfaces to the next level. 3+ years experience helping to create one or more winning, design-focused consumer software products (especially mobile apps or games). 3+ years of product leadership, product owner or product manager experience. Humble hard workers willing to roll up their sleeves to learn about Neo's customers and help move the needle at a startup. Polished communicators with a proven ability to sell ideas, build support, argue logically, articulate a position and write effectively. Excellent organizers who can execute high-value projects with multiple stakeholders, while dealing with competing priorities. Experts in user-experience psychology and the processes, tools and best practices around designing for usability in products. Knowledge of gamification and/or workflow optimization is an asset. Post-secondary degree in a related field is an asset. 
ScrapedJobID1079:
Craft scalable TypeScript and Python code to integrate with customer websites, apps, and APIs Flex your TypeScript muscle to design/develop single page web apps with Next.js and React/Redux Work with Django in a microservices architecture Implement APIs over HTTP and gRPC Coach our junior developers in elegant systems design Interact with senior management and our engineering leaders to drive the technical direction of our entire stack Extensive computer science fundamentals demonstrated through a degree in computer science or engineering, plus distinctive work experience in the field Experience with TypeScript and single page web applications (HTML5, CSS3) Python development Linux, git Exceptional attention to detail and focus on quality We work in tight-knit teams to maximize speed and cultivate an ownership mentality. We cherish curiosity and an obsession for details because we know these details are invaluable over the long run. We promote an environment where ideas are challenged. The best ideas win! We're hyperfocused on our achievements and our ability to execute on our promises. We act with urgency. It's not always about us. We give back to our community to ensure it can grow. We love to compete and have fun. Our game nights are legendary. 
ScrapedJobID1080:
Strong C++ knowledge Minimum 3 years of software engineering experience Excellent math and/or physics skills Passion for writing solid, reliable, efficient code and highly scalable systems Experience with multiple core systems, such as graphics, tools, audio, networking, memory handling, scripting, etc. Strong verbal and written communication skills in English High work ethic and self-motivation Passion for Games Excellent communication skills Unreal Engine 3/4 knowledge Experience working with multithreaded systems Performance and memory optimization skills Console experience BS (or higher) in Computer Science or similar discipline (Physics, Math, EE, etc.) Shipped-title experience Competitive salary Personal development opportunities and the possibility to work in a multicultural environment. Work with highly-skilled, senior-level professionals. Being part of a young organization and having a true impact on your daily work. Opportunity to work on innovative, exciting AAA projects with the newest technologies. An informal atmosphere, no dress code, no unwanted formalities 
ScrapedJobID1081:
According to the Deloitte Fast 50 and Deloitte Fast 500, respectively. Help shape and define our adoption and migration to cloud native technologies Collaborate with developers and PMs to enable our engineering and product teams to deliver performant, scalable, and available features Configure and manage cloud resources on AWS (including DynamoDB, VPC, ElasticBeanstalk, EKS, S3, Lambda) using IaC (Terraform) Craft highly impactful CI/CD pipelines to greatly improve the agility of our teams Participate in code reviews and brown bags to help nurture a culture of growth and learning within the organization Bachelors' degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent experience 2+ years experience working in a similar or related role Strong knowledge of Python and Bash Strong knowledge AWS or another major cloud provider (GCP, Azure) Strong knowledge of cloud native technologies (for example - Docker, Kubernetes, Istio and Prometheus) Great verbal and written communication skills Ability to work independently or in a group setting Generous stock option package We match 100% of your contribution to your retirement plan up to $4000 annually Monthly public transportation stipend Annual gym membership stipend Dialogue membership - unlimited free video calls and texts with nurses and doctors anytime - they’ll even help you book IRL appointments 4 weeks of vacation and 5 sick/personal days Weekly happy hour Frequent team outings and off-sites Private healthcare - includes massages 
ScrapedJobID1082:
Work with the Creative Director and Art Director to adapt aesthetic concepts to real 3D game assets Create a variety of high quality, game-ready 3D models and shaders, including characters, vehicles, and props Define a standard for art assets and support the integration and feedback of outsourced art Collaborate with other team members to ensure art is integrated seamlessly with other facets of the game 5 years experience or at least one shipped title as a 3D Artist Experience creating high-quality models and shaders for Unreal Engine Broad 3D art skills, including photogrammetry, retopology, UV unwrapping, shader editors Able to create a variety of art at high quality, including characters, environmental objects, vehicles, and props Self-motivated and able to collaborate well with team members of all development disciplines 
ScrapedJobID1083:
Building tools and services, contributing to our PaaS compute options (Kubernetes, Chef & VM, Serverless). Making access to AWS/GCP services simple and effective. Ensure service scalability through effective code and data storage design. Build prototypes and proof-of-concepts as part of coming up with strong direction for a scalable, fault-tolerant infrastructure. Design, implement, test, and maintain scalable services that are capable of handling real-time and batch processing of thousands of requests. Experience with building backend for large scale applications using Node.js, Python and/or Golang. Experience with designing and developing REST APIs, authentication and securing APIs, asynchronous programming, databases and realtime mobile backends. Deploying and maintaining scalable applications on a cloud platform (AWS/Google Cloud Platform). Experience with DevOps standard methodologies and technologies including but not limited to Kubernetes, Docker and other CI/CD tools. Experience crafting web servers, CDNs and caching solutions with expertise in building micro services. Experience with C#, Unity's engine and related tools. Experience working with AWS, specifically S3, DynamoDB and ECS Master's degree in Computer Science, or equivalent engineering experience. 
ScrapedJobID1084:
Collaborate with the Creative Director and Art Director to explore and establish the visual aesthetic of a new science-fiction IP, through sketches, concepts, and look development. Bring strong creative ideas and an ability to polish them to high quality, through sophisticated art techniques in lighting, composition, materials, and rendering methods. Participate in story, game, and design discussions, and help explore new ideas through sketching and rough concepts that quickly illustrate different possibilities. Create concepts for specific game needs as well as your own proactive ideas inspired by the theme of the IP
Seek and respond to feedback from other team members 3+ years experience in videogames, TV, or film A portfolio showcasing your experience with sci-fi concepts of characters, objects, and environments A passion for science-fiction and a talent for producing original creative ideas Ability to use 3D software as part of your workflow Self-motivated and able to collaborate well with team members of all development disciplines 
ScrapedJobID1085:
Work closely with the Art Director and all members of the art team Main responsibility for character animation Additionally responsible for creating innovative 3D game art assets, characters, locations and prop designs in a unique, stylized art style Collaboration with game designers, artists, programmers and QA specialists in the team to produce some kickass games! Several years of experience creating for casual and/or mobile games Extensive knowledge in Maya 3D with strong character animation skills Extensive knowledge of Adobe Suite (mainly Photoshop), After Effects is bonus Knowledge of Unity3D is a plus Knowledge in Zbrush 2D conceptual drawing and painting skills are a plus Ability of texturing Passionate for mobile games expressed by high creativity in designing and modelling Ability to animate 3D characters and particle FX Strong comprehension of design, perspective, color and composition Experience working in an agile project environment Proactive and able to express and share creative ideas Excellent communication and organizational skills Open-minded, flexible, self-motivated, driven to improve and grow Excellent English language skills Become part of the company which develops category-leading, casual games on mobile and social platforms Work in a highly creative environment with a super-flat hierarchy Work with a very experienced and talented group of artists and developers at our centrally located office. Experience start-up spirit and the ability to have significant impact At the same time, you will be able to plug into our capabilities as a fully-fledged video-game development studio. MegaZebra has a ten-year track-record developing and publishing our own games. So, you get the best of both worlds 
ScrapedJobID1086:
Health and Dental Benefits $1000 towards your health and wellness expenses 3-week paid vacation An inclusive environment Mentorship and career growth Company socials, meditation room, pool table and games room, free massages RRSP matching, ESPP contributions, annual bonus Working at the company ranked #1 in the Great Place to Work survey 2019 BS/MS in computer science or equivalent work experience 2+ years experience developing web, software, or mobile applications Solid grasp of software engineering fundamentals and their practical application Solid grasp of JavaScript fundamentals such as closures, prototype, callbacks, promises, error handling Experience with Object Oriented Languages such as: Java/J2EE, C#, Python, C++ Understand and preferably have experience with web services Understand unit testing and Test Driven Development Helpful, can-do attitude and a willingness to take ownership of problems Strong desire to learn and grow Excellent problem solving skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Commitment to team success and positive team dynamics Deliver high quality full-stack applications (requirements, design, code, documentation, etc.) Roughly 70-80% hands-on coding Contribute to early quality activities, including peer reviews of estimates, designs and code Resolve defects/bugs Partner with team members to deliver against commitments Grow and apply technical skills in service to customers Experience Agile Development, SCRUM, and/or Extreme Programming methodologies 
ScrapedJobID1087:
Partner with the Clients and our internal External Productions group to understand the overall game vision and the requirements of the project in order to be involved in the planning strategies. Pave the way for production: optimize workflows and pipelines and implement effective means to facilitate interaction between colleagues. Set clear goals for your team members to achieve + use tracking tools to make sure the process of delivering those goals is as smooth as possible. Understand dependencies, anticipate risks & put plans of action in place to minimize disruption of production. Build reports to clearly represent progress of the development. Proven experience shipping a real-time 3D game as a project manager, producer, or technical role Flexibility to adapt to a range of situations & navigate interdependencies Excellent communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills Proficiency in written and spoken English and are able to clearly communicate ideas and technical knowledge. A diligent, collaborative, and proactive spirit that gets results but never loses sight of the dedicated people behind the work that we are doing. Familiarity with the Unity Engine Experience working in a certain/multiple domains in AAA game development. Experience with Jira 
ScrapedJobID1088:
Architect and deliver innovative and scalable services Design highly-scalable services using open-source technologies to deliver key progression, rewards, monetization, and social game features in line with our strategic roadmap Be an essential part of a full-service, cross-disciplinary software development team, leading all stages of the development process: technical design, prototyping, peer reviews, testing, production deployment, and sustainment Participate in the investigation and resolution of problems at scale for our mission-critical services. Contribute to root cause analysis efforts. Help the team implement fixes and apply what we’ve learned to prevent recurring issues Demonstrate a customer-focused mindset, keeping the success of our game studio partners and an excellent player experience front and center at all times Drive innovation in our software development community Be a leading contributing member of the worldwide Demonware software development community. Bring knowledge and best practices into the organization and share your expertise with other teams who will benefit from it Share comprehensive design feedback in the development of new services and service architecture, both with your own team members and with other teams across the company. Forge long-term working relationships with senior-level developers, technical directors, and producers across Activision’s game studios Strengthen the culture of service ownership at Demonware. Engage in mentoring other team members to level up this mindset in other engineers 9+ years relevant work experience Expertise in architecting, designing, and delivering software for services platforms Excellence in writing and reviewing code, preferably in Python Experience building applications that use MySQL, Cassandra, and/or Redis Experience with test-driven development and automated testing frameworks Experience delivering within Scrum/Agile development methodologies Experience working in a business-critical production environment Experience implementing robust service orchestration Experience working with high-volume, consumer-facing applications Experience with load testing and performance optimization best practices Experience working with VMs, Linux containers, Docker, and Kubernetes Experience working in game economy or social networks Instincts for an investigative approach and a curiosity to apply new technologies Flexibility and adaptability to changing situations and requirements Ownership of initiatives from inception through deployment and sustainment Excellence in proactive, open-minded collaboration across teams 
ScrapedJobID1089:
We develop animation technology, from performance capture through to a sophisticated runtime engine, for massive open world games. We are a global team of programmers and researchers who collaborate on pushing the boundaries of character animation on next generation hardware. We support and work closely with gameplay, animation, and technical art teams, across multiple projects at different Rockstar studios. Join our core animation technology team and work closely with performance capture, animation, rigging, technical art, and tools teams across different Rockstar studios. Develop, maintain, extend, and support new and existing libraries and DCC plugins exposing core animation and character technologies to a broader range of developers and artists. Implement well designed multi-language tools and DCC plugins improving technology availability across different content creation environments. Learn how to work with animation system features in a large, existing codebase. A degree in Computer Science or a related discipline, or equivalent industry experience. Experience developing tools and plugins for DCCs (e.g. Maya, Max, Motion Builder, Blender, Houdini etc) A passion for character-based games and for creating tools and DCC plugins that simplifies and speeds up content generation. Strong Python and C++ programming skills. Familiarity with networking (e.g. TCP/UDP sockets) or inter-process communication techniques. Good communication skills, ability to clearly share complex technical information with other programmers, animators and technical artists. Industry experience working on AAA character based games, or character based VFX animation. Experience creating Python bindings to C++ libraries. Strong 3D math skills. Experience animating or rigging (using skeletal bones or blend shapes) in Motion Builder, 3DS Max, Maya, Houdini, or Blender, etc. 
ScrapedJobID1090:
As a key team member, you will help to scope, plan, and execute mobile application development. Collaborate with stakeholders and team members to iterate on solutions and to continually deliver value to our clients. Improve the application delivery process using automation and writing testable software. Contribute to solutions for new and interesting problems, which often involve spatiotemporal components. Participate in the product testing and peer review process. Develop yourself personally and professionally by actively setting and achieving ambitious goals. Impact Lim Geomatics' growth by developing great mobile applications and solutions. Comfortable with Agile development practices, working in small teams running modern dev ops. You have 4 or more years of mobile development experience. Cross-platform mobile development, C# and .NET knowledge, and Xamarin experience would be an asset. Experience with development environments on both Windows and MacOS. Experience with Esri technology and mapping solutions would be an asset. Experience with SQL and database technologies. Experience using peripheral sensors (GPS, Camera, Bluetooth, Motion) and their data would be an asset. Able to manage a workload that may touch on a few different applications any given week. You can independently research and implement solutions to complex problems. 
ScrapedJobID1091:
Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site parking RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday How many years experience do you have with C#? How many years experience do you have designing and implementing reliable, scalable software? Yes 
ScrapedJobID1092:
Work with product, analyst, and design teams to craft customer-facing features. Design, implement, test, and maintain web UI and backend services Collaborate with other team members to maintain a high-quality codebase Lead personal project priorities, expectations, and results Comfortable in implementing complex front and backend features Proficient in the ReactJS or AngularJS framework Experience with one of the following languages (Golang, Java, Kotlin or Node.js) Experience with relational or document databases such as PostgreSQL or MongoDB Experience with ads technology, game monetization, or game analytics Experience building a project from scratch Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to mentor Travailler avec les équipes de produits, d'analystes et de conception pour créer des fonctionnalités destinées aux clients Concevoir, implémenter, tester et maintenir des services d'interface Web et dorsaux Collaborer avec le reste de l'équipe pour maintenir une base de code de la plus haute qualité Diriger les priorités, les attentes et les résultats des projets personnels Une aisance avec la mise en œuvre de caractéristiques complexes frontales et dorsales Une maîtrise des cadres de travail ReactJS ou AngularJS Une expérience dans l'un des langages suivants (Golang, Java, Kotlin ou Node.js) Une expérience avec des bases de données relationnelles ou documentaires telles que PostgreSQL ou MongoDB Une expérience de la technologie publicitaire, de la monétisation de jeux ou de l'analyse de jeux Une expérience de construction d'un projet à partir de zéro Une excellentes compétences interpersonnelles et capacité à encadrer 
ScrapedJobID1093:
Build, test, maintain the backend and frontend for our admin system Write effective APIsWrite effective unit and integration tests Write technical documentation Build the front-end of applications through visually appealing design Test system to ensure responsiveness and efficiency Work closely with business and product team to enhance UX Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade system whenever applicable Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field 2+ years of demonstrable experience with Scala or Java 2+ years of demonstrable experience with MySQL or any relational database 2+ years of demonstrable experience with React or AngularHands-on experience with UX/UI design Great attention to detail Flexibility to WFH For the third year in a row, we are proud to announce that we have been certified as a Great Place to Work We were also certified as one of the Best Workplaces for Mental Wellness in 2020 We are an open work environment that fosters collaboration, ownership, creativity, and urgency We ensure flexible hours outside of our core working hours Enrolment in the Group Health Benefits plan right from day 1, no waiting period Team building events Fuel for the day: Weekly delivery of groceries, and all types of snacks Catered lunches and desserts on a monthly basis Daily fun in the office with our competitive games of Ping Pong, Pool, Smash Bros competitions, or FIFA And of course, an unlimited amount of freshly made coffee and tea! We’re pretty serious about our coffee beans Online learning through the platform, UDEMY 
ScrapedJobID1094:
Établir une vision unifiée pour les équipes d'artistes internes et externes produisant des actifs 2D, 3D et VFX pour des jeux sur plusieurs plateformes. Conduire la création d'art et s'assurer qu'une vision unifiée est maintenue et que les artistes aient des repères clairs pour la production d'actifs. Définir le niveau de qualité attendu pour la création d'actifs et l'art externalisé. Trouver des solutions artistiques qui respectent la vision créative et les réalités de la production. Réviser le travail des artistes et donnez votre avis pour vous assurer que les attentes de qualité les plus élevées soient satisfaites. Collaborer avec des artistes techniques, des concepteurs de jeu et des programmeurs pour développer des pipelines d'art efficaces et productifs et établir des mesures qui garantissent que les objectifs artistiques soient atteints. Développer des directives de création artistique et différents requis au niveau du pipeline Produire des actifs pour inspirer et définir la direction artistique ; vidéos d'ambiance, maquettes d'images, etc. Rester informé.e des dernières avancées dans la technique et la technologie de l'art du jeu Être un.e mentor actif.ve, un.e leader et un.e modèle pour l'équipe artistique. Maintenir le moral et créer une atmosphère de créativité et d'enthousiasme. Être activement impliqué.e dans le recrutement, la sélection des candidats, la réalisation des entretiens Diplôme d'études collégiales/diplôme en 2D/3D, développement de jeux vidéo ou formation/expérience équivalente. Expérience sur 2 jeux publiés en tant que directeur.rice artistique, 5 ans ou plus à un niveau senior ou supérieur. Expérience de travail sur un jeu AAA publié de la conception à la sortie. Portefeuille solide démontrant un haut niveau de créativité artistique dans une ou plusieurs disciplines de l'art du jeu à travers une gamme de styles. Connaissance approfondie de Photoshop. Compréhension approfondie des dernières techniques de modélisation 3D Bonne connaissance de 3DSMax, ZBrush et Substance Painter. Compréhension de la théorie fondamentale de l'art, y compris les principes de la couleur, de la lumière, de la composition et de l'anatomie. Capacité démontrée à équilibrer l'esthétique avec la performance et la convivialité. Excellentes compétences en communication (parlé et écrit). Influence positive et compétences en leadership - Motive et encourage les autres à générer de nouvelles idées. Establish a unified vision for teams of internal and external artists producing 2D, 3D and VFX assets for games on multiple platforms. Drive the creation of art and ensure that a unified vision is maintained and that artists have clear benchmarks for asset production. Define the quality bar for asset creation and outsourced art. Find artistic solutions which balance creative vision with production realities. Review artists' work and give feedback to ensure the highest quality expectations are met. Collaborate with technical artists, designers and programmers to develop efficient and productive art pipelines and establish metrics which ensure artistic goals are met within technical performance targets. Develop and own art creation guidelines and pipeline specifications Produce assets to inspire and define art direction; mood videos, image mockups etc Keep informed about latest advances in game art technique and technology Be an active mentor, leader and role model for the art team. Work to maintain morale and create an atmosphere of creativity and enthusiasm. Be actively involved with recruitment, vetting candidates, performing interviews College Diploma/Degree in 2D/3D, video game development or equivalent training/experience. 2 shipped titles as an Art Director, 5 or more years at a Senior Level or above. Experience of working on a published AAA game from conception to release. Strong portfolio demonstrating a high level of artistic creativity in one or more game art disciplines across a range of styles. Expert knowledge of Photoshop. Deep understanding of the latest techniques in 3D modeling Good Knowledge of 3DSMax, ZBrush and Substance Painter. Understanding of fundamental art theory including principles of color, light, composition and anatomy. Shown ability to balance aesthetics with performance and usability. Excellent communication skills (spoken and written). Positive influence and leadership skills - Motivates and encourages others to generate new ideas. 
ScrapedJobID1095:
Setting technical strategy for the modernization of critical infrastructure and services Collaborating with partners on standard methodologies around full stack web development from backend systems, API's, to pushing the boundaries of front end rendering and speed. Guiding the growth of an engineering culture in a new organization Rapidly growing our content management system to the next generation, crafting a headless CMS and multiple dedicated rendering applications. Deep knowledge of web technologies and frameworks and how to customize and improve them. A passion for building web applications and pushing what frameworks like next.js and react can do The ability to thrive when frequently context switching across multiple stacks A talent for sophisticated API and software design that builds in future growth needs without sacrificing clarity or usability Comfortable working with teams across multiple geo locations. Some knowledge of Go, Java, PHP, next.JS, React, and Google Cloud Experience with Content Management Systems such as Drupal Some familiarity with eCommerce Définir la stratégie technique pour la modernisation de l'infrastructure et des services critiques S'aligner avec les parties prenantes au sein de Unity sur les meilleures pratiques en matière de développement Web intégral, des systèmes back-end aux API, jusqu'à repousser les limites du rendu et de la vitesse des applications front-end Diriger la croissance d'une culture du développement au sein d'une nouvelle organisation Étendre notre système de gestion de contenu à la prochaine génération, en créant un CMS sans tête et plusieurs applications de rendu dédiées Une connaissance approfondie des technologies et des frameworks Web, ainsi que de la manière de les personnaliser et de les améliorer Une passion pour la création d'applications Web et le développement des capacités de frameworks, comme next.js et react La capacité de s'épanouir en changeant fréquemment de contexte entre plusieurs piles Un talent pour la conception d'API et de logiciels complexes, qui tiennent compte des besoins de croissance futurs sans sacrifier la clarté ou la convivialité Une capacité à travailler avec des équipes réparties sur plusieurs sites géographiques Une certaine connaissance des technologies Go, Java, PHP, next.JS, React et Google Cloud Une expérience des systèmes de gestion de contenu tels que Drupal Une certaine familiarité avec le commerce électronique et le développement Web full-stack 
ScrapedJobID1096:
Développer du code propre et maintenable, adapté à l’intégration continue ainsi qu’au déploiement continu et qui respecte les meilleures pratiques ainsi que les lignes directrices logicielles; Assurer la conception, l’architecture et le développement logiciel pour un large panel de services et systèmes; Collaborer avec les autres programmeurs pour assurer un déploiement facile, un fonctionnement en continu et un support de la qualité logicielle; Fournir activement des retours sur la révision du code aux autres programmeurs; Effectuer d’importantes tâches complexes sous un minimum de supervision; Develop clean, maintainable code that is suitable for continuous integration and continuous deployment which respects best practices and software guidelines; Design, architect and develop software for a wide range of services and systems; Collaborate with other developers to ensure smooth deployment, continual operation and support of quality software; Actively provide code review feedback to other developers; Perform under minimal supervision on significantly complex assignments; 4 ans d’expérience minimum dans la construction de plateformes en ligne fiables, hautement disponibles et évolutives; Expérience de programmation dans un environnement cloud (idéalement AWS, Google Cloud); 2 ans d’expérience minimum avec Java; Expérience avec idéalement 2 - sinon au moins 1 - des langages de programmation ou technologies suivantes : Python, Go, JavaScript/NodeJS, C++; Bonnes maîtrise des bases de données relationnelles, expérience pratique avec les alternatives non relationnelles / NoSQL et solide capacité à déterminer quel type utiliser selon la situation; Fortes compétences dans le profilage, l'optimisation et le débogage des ressources côté serveur; Expérience dans la conception et l’automatisation de tests unitaires ainsi que des tests de performance; Expérience dans les frameworks de messagerie; Expérience dans l’intégration avec des API tierces, y compris les réseaux sociaux et les systèmes de paiement/facturation; Expérience de travail en environnement Unix/Linux; 4+ years’ experience building reliable, highly available and scalable online services; Experience building in a cloud environment (ideally AWS, Google Cloud); 2+ years’ experience with Java; Experience with at least 1 (2 would be ideal) of the following programming languages / technologies (Python, Go, JavaScript/NodeJS, C++); Strong relational database fundamentals, hands-on experience with non-relational/NoSQL alternatives, and solid grasp of which to use according to the situation; Strong skills in server side resource profiling, optimization and debugging; Experience with designing and automating unit and load tests; Experience with message queuing frameworks; Experience with integrating with third party APIs (including social networks and payment/billing systems); Experience working with Unix/Linux environment; Expérience en intégration de services en ligne dans le secteur des jeux vidéo; Expérience de travail dans une infrastructure basée sur le micro-service; Expérience en matière d’application containerization et d’orchestration de container; Expérience en développement d’API RESTful; Expérience en gestion de performance (balancing) et sécurité de réseau; Expérience avec le gameplay multi-joueurs sur les protocoles TCP et/ou UDP; Expérience avec les moteurs de jeu tels que Unity3D, Unreal, etc. Experience working in video game industry, integrating online services; Experience working in a micro-service based infrastructure; Experience with application containerization and container orchestration; Experience in developing RESTful API; Experience with load management (balancing) and network security; Experience with multiplayer gameplay over TCP or/and UDP protocols; Experience working with game engines such as Unity3D, Unreal etc. 
ScrapedJobID1097:
Position based in Halifax, Nova Scotia. Will consider remote. Study results of game usability tests and generate reports outlining player behavior Study live player data and work with game design team to reconcile design intent Work closely in support of Product Manager to generate ad hoc reports from player data or usability studies Segment players into useful actionable groups Fully engage in gameplay throughout the development process and provide context to data and reporting Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports Support the development of data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality Work independently to identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in data sets Filter and clean data as needed Work closely with management to prioritize business and information needs 5+ years of experience in game research and player data analysis Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques Strong knowledge of, and experience with, reporting packages (Tableau Software, Power BI etc…), and ability to query database and generate reports Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing large datasets Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings BS in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management, Behavioral Psychology or Statistics (or comparable) Proven ability to analyze player behavior within a live game Passion for playing and studying games Passion for data, trends and analysis Strong interpersonal skills; comfortable dealing with a wide range of people from executive management to offshore developers Excellent communication skills (verbal and written), ability to present complex technical information to non-technical business users Able to handle multiple tasks in a fast paced environment and adjust to frequent changes in requirements and deadlines Seasoned communicator that is comfortable on email, phone and IM, and has ability to effectively manage communication style up, across and down a management structure, within a diversely skilled organization in multiple locations Strong attention to detail, accuracy, accountability and deadlines, with excellent organizational, time-management, multi-tasking and project management capabilities Organized, reliable self-starter with strong creative thinking, analytical, problem-solving, decision-making and interpersonal skills Ability to work independently and collaboratively Ability to communicate reporting deliverables with both technical and non-technical internal stakeholders Has a positive attitude and thrives in fast-paced, interactive environment 
ScrapedJobID1098:

ScrapedJobID1099:
Développer, améliorer et maintenir les fonctionnalités principales en utilisant React; Comprendre le contexte commercial et les scénarios d’utilisation par les clients; Collaborer directement avec les parties prenantes pour créer des expériences utilisateur plaisantes; Veiller au respect des politiques et des pratiques de sécurité, conformément aux autorités de contrôle internes et externes; Agir à titre de conseiller ou de guide auprès des nouveaux intégrateurs Web ou des moins expérimentés; Capacité à fonctionner de façon autonome, même si une certaine supervision et des instructions peuvent être requises. Expérience de cinq ans et plus concernant des bibliothèques telles que React, HTML et CSS; Expérience en matière de conception et de développement de produits; Expérience concernant les outils de prototypage (Fima, Sketch, etc.); Maîtrise de Node.js; Maîtrise d’AWS comme plateforme infonuagique; Expérience avec CI/CD; Expérience pour transposer les exigences en solutions à l’aide d’une documentation technique détaillée; Aisance en anglais. Maîtrise de SQL; Expérience concernant le service de base de données DynamoDB; SonarQube. Excellentes compétences pour communiquer, à l’écrit et à l’oral, avec les individus et les équipes, et ce, à tous les échelons de l’entreprise; Grande habileté à gérer son temps, le stress et à s’organiser; Souci du détail, mais capacité à comprendre la situation dans son ensemble; Capacité à analyser et à documenter des processus commerciaux complexes; Expérience quant à la communication avec des utilisateurs professionnels; Bonnes aptitudes pour la gestion de projet; Orientation confirmée pour le service à la clientèle; Capacité avérée à résoudre des problèmes et à apporter des solutions à des questions liées aux affaires ou aux données. Develop, enhance, and maintain core features using React Understand the business context and the associated customer use cases Collaborate directly with stakeholders to build delightful user experiences Ensure compliance with security policies and practices in accordance with internal and external audit governing bodies Serve as advisor or coach to new or less experienced front-end developers Expected to operate with autonomy, while some oversight and direction may be required 5+ years’ experience with React, HTML and CSS Experience with design and product development Proficiency with Node.js Proficiency with AWS as cloud platform Experience with CI/CD Experience in translating requirements with solutions using Detailed Technical documentation Fluency in English. Proficiency with SQL Experience with DynamoDB SonarQube Excellent written and oral communication skills with individuals and teams at all levels of the organization. Excellent time and stress management and organizational skills. Detail oriented but able to understand the big picture Ability to analyze and document complex business processes Experience communicating with business users Good project management skills. Strong customer service orientation Demonstrated ability to problem solve and provide solutions for business or data issues 
ScrapedJobID1100:
Researching, evaluating and implementing new technology platforms in partnership with enterprise architects, ensuring alignment with existing products, platforms, emerging business needs and engineering best practices Being responsible for the technical design for Core platform development projects by reviewing and contributing to functional specifications (i.e., business requirements, workflow, and design) Collaborating with Cross Domain Development Managers and technical leads to define technical design, obtaining buy-in from stakeholders for technical design, overseeing the development of detailed technical specifications, and approving high level work breakdowns and estimates Driving the end-to-end project life cycle, from inception to post-go-live experience by demonstrating true ownership and commitment for project success, while working closely with the Technical Product Manager to understand end user experience and needs Providing domain knowledge and technical leadership, and good management over development team, closely monitoring applications to ensure they are aligned with engineering best practices, and demonstrating ownership over end user experience post-go-live Managing processes/procedures, the development approach, resources, and budgets Acting as a process and technical resource during projects, intercepting issues and directing corrective actions as required, monitoring and reviewing project progress, and proactively raising issues to stakeholders and collaborate on solutions and options Identifying loopholes in the development process, analyzing development across teams for the potential to leverage content or processes between teams, and escalating issues requiring negotiation and arbitration of business decision trade-offs Ensuring delivery of high quality release to production using primarily agile methodologies and maintaining constant communication with business leaders. Leading multiple teams of Developers and Quality Analysts, including hiring, managing performance, developing, motivating and retaining a high performance team Handling relationships with 3rd party vendors, partners and consulting companies Evolving the organizational structure to meet business needs (and integrating organizational design and development practices to ensure appropriate partnerships and skill sets are used to achieve business results Represents PointClickCare by developing and maintaining comprehensive knowledge of PointClickCare products, industry and technical trends, and general business and financial acumen through various sources and initiatives Communicating with customers in a compelling and articulate manner in both verbal and written conversations and presentations, demonstrating corporate core values and culture, developing professional and positive relationships with customers, and maintaining a reputation of competence, integrity and professionalism. Solid experience with software development life cycle (e.g., gathering requirements, analysis and design, development, release and version control, deployment management), including: Most recent experience as a Development Manager or Team Lead Good experience with Agile development methodologies (or similar), Java SDK 1.5 or higher, and utilizing SQL (e.g., writing queries) Previous experience utilizing the following technologies/toolsets/applications: Java Web Applications, Servlets, Servlet Filters, JSP, JSTL, JDBC Spring Framework 2.x or higher, including Spring MVC Tomcat 6.x or higher, or SpringSource tc server Microsoft SQL Server Eclipse or SpringSource Tool Suite (STS) Used HTML/CSS/JavaScript Web service platforms. Utilizing Object Oriented Programming (OOP) principals Deep understanding of Enterprise Software Design Strong leadership skills – ability to lead by example, motivate others and continuously look for improvements in the work that you and your team performs Demonstrated troubleshooting and problem-solving skills Ability to collaborate with multiple internal teams and management Strong written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1101:
Set up specific environments and tools for localization Development of tools for production Identify and extract localizable content from complex formats Convert final translated assets back to original formats Automate asset transfer from and to customers portals Troubleshooting issues coming from production, originating from translation process Contribute actively to the design, development and deployment of new production processes Customize localization workflows and facilitate integration of localization tools with different source content repositories Review and anticipate potential globalization issues for new features, locales and technology Analysis of web sites and applications for localization potential and time/material requirements Ensure compliance with clients requirements and integrity of data Provide support to operations and sales management Work with other developers and engineers to implement technical solutions for end-to-end localization processes Review business requirements and identify technical design that is required to meet the business needs University degree in computer science or equivalent background At least 2 to 3 years experience in software development Knowledge of programming languages (VB, VBA, C#, Java), scripting (Python, Perl, JavaScript) and markup languages (XML, HTML, XLIFF); confidence with API programming Experience writing SQL queries is a plus Advanced knowledge of regular expressions and text manipulation Excellent knowledge of most important CAT tools on the market (memoQ, XTM, Memsource, Wordbee, etc.) Advanced knowledge of internationalization good practices and experience with internationalization of web and mobile applications Knowledge of multilingual localization issues and procedures (managing characters set and encoding, text direction, text strings sorting and handling) Knowledge of Machine Translation technology is a plus Able to communicate effectively with stakeholders who have varying levels of technical expertise Fluent in English and French Passion for global solutions, international customers, and teamwork Focus on automation Good problem-solving skills combined with strong analytical abilities to find creative solutions Team player Strong time management, organizational and support skills Strongly service oriented, to efficiently support internal and external customers 
ScrapedJobID1102:
B.S. in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience 7+ years of production experience in software development Knowledge and production experience of Java (Spring Framework), Python, Go Solid foundation in system architecture, API, and software design with strong analytical and debugging skills Experience building high-performance, large-scale applications, and reliable software Ability to mentor others and coordinate a project across multiple developers Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, documentation, and operations Experience with containers (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes) and cloud environments like Amazon’s AWS; Familiar with infrastructure as code (e.g. Terraform) Worked on production systems with both relational and NoSQL database technologies Experience in analytics and big data is a plus Solid knowledge of Node.js and web frameworks such as AngularJS/Backbone/Ember (preferred) or React and Flux/Redux Excellent communication skills, and the ability to work effectively with others in a team environment. Work in a studio that has complete P&L ownership of games Competitive salary, discretionary annual bonus scheme and Zynga RSUs Full medical, accident as well as life insurance benefits Catered breakfast, lunch and evening snacks Child care facilities for women employees and discounted facilities for male employees Well stocked pantry Generous Paid Maternity/Paternity leave Employee Assistance Programs Active Employee Resource Groups – Women at Zynga Frequent employee events Additional leave options for most employees Flexible working hours on many teams Casual dress every single day Work with cool people and impact millions of daily players! 
ScrapedJobID1103:
Design, implement and maintain workflows for volumetric experiences in Unity. Work closely with a cross-discipline team and technical artists to provide highly productive authoring workflows in Unity. Design powerful and extensible APIs. Build and maintain production quality code for rendering, tools, and testing. Extensive experience with Unity, including proficiency in C# programming, rendering, artist tools and Unity workflows. Experience developing UI, tools and workflows with cloud backends and Unity. Understanding of DevOps including version control like Git, SVN and/or PlasticSCM, continuous integration (Jenkins etc), and development workflows. Performance-minded development, code profiling and optimization skills. Tight-knit collaboration and communication skills with the ability to adapt quickly to new technologies and tasks. Previous experience with a variety of concepts, practices, and procedures used in live TV & Broadcast. Experience with esports; casters, streamers and love for sports (soccer, basketball, football) A good grounding in the principles of customer/user experience design. Concevoir, mettre en œuvre et assurer la maintenance des processus de travail pour les expériences volumétriques dans Unity Travailler en étroite collaboration avec une équipe interdisciplinaire et des artistes techniques pour assurer des processus de création hautement productifs dans Unity Concevoir des API performantes et extensibles Écrire et maintenir un code de qualité de production pour le rendu, les outils et les tests Une expérience approfondie de Unity, notamment une maîtrise de la programmation C#, des outils de rendu, des outils d'artistes et des processus de Unity Une expérience dans le développement des interfaces utilisateur, des outils et des flux de travail avec les back-ends du nuage et Unity Une compréhension de la méthode DevOps, notamment du contrôle des versions comme Git, SVN et/ou PlasticSCM, de l'intégration continue (Jenkins, etc.) et des processus de développement Des compétences en optimisation et profilage de code, et en développement axé sur la performance Une aptitude à la collaboration et à la communication sans faille, avec la capacité de s'adapter rapidement aux nouvelles technologies et tâches Une expérience préalable des divers concepts, pratiques et procédures utilisés dans le secteur de la télévision et de la radiodiffusion en direct Une expérience dans le domaine des sports électroniques, des diffuseurs, des diffuseurs en continu et une passion pour le sport (soccer, basketball ou football) Une bonne connaissance des principes de la conception des expériences client et utilisateur 
ScrapedJobID1104:
Help advance Unreal Engine to improve the iOS game development experience for hundreds of developers at Epic and thousands of Unreal Engine subscribers around the world Optimise C++ workflows and content-wrangling pipelines Make significant improvements to the workflow for professional developers making high-end mobile games using Unreal Engine Work with our partners to bring the latest mobile technologies to Unreal Engine Optimise and problem solving to help ship Epic's internal mobile titles Improving workflow and user experience Extensive experience with C++ Excellent understanding of the iOS platform ecosystem Professional game or engine development experience on mobile Experience using mobile toolchains, build systems, development tools and platform APIs Experience working on platform-level systems such as I/O, input handling, memory management, patching, deployment, third-party libraries, and framework integration, etc Exposure to mobile rendering and mobile GPU implementations in modern mobile devices You're user-focused, passionate, scrappy, solutions-focused, and innovative. These traits equal success at Epic and influence everything we do. 
ScrapedJobID1105:
Design innovative and engaging digital experiences for web, mobile, tablet, and smart device technology. Create high-fidelity design artifacts such as annotated wireframes, visual design comps, storyboards, and interactive prototypes as necessary to communicate your designs to users, stakeholders, and teammates. Lead UX design activities on digital product development teams. Use UX research techniques, including interviews, surveys, task/workflow analysis, focus group sessions, or diary studies to drive your designs. Mentor and share knowledge with others to help sustain a user-centered, design thinking culture within Digital Studio and Online. Minimum of 2 years’ experience as a UX designer on a product development team. Proficiency in design tools such as Sketch / Figma, InVision Studio, Adobe Creative Suite and Axure. Proficiency in UX disciplines, such as interaction design, information architecture, visual design, user research, and front-end development. Familiarity with standards-compliant web and mobile design patterns. Ability to communicate UX principles, goals, and design processes to clients and team members. Related degree or diploma, such as design, HCI, interaction design, psychology, human factors, or computer science. Professional Development budget and days Interest-free tech-enablement loans A Career Mentor to support your growth and development RRSP/401K matches Bonus programs Wellness program 
ScrapedJobID1106:
Collaborer avec la direction du jeu sur la conception de système de haut niveau et déterminer la faisabilité technique ; Construire et maintenir une documentation détaillée pour toutes les fonctionnalités du jeu ; Examiner les concepts de design de jeux pour identifier et analyser les risques ; Résoudre les problèmes complexes qui sont remontés vous et effectuer des validations techniques ; Travailler avec des ingénieurs et des concepteurs de jeux pour vous assurer que les systèmes peuvent être facilement mises en œuvre tout en visant l'amélioration continue ; Être en charge de l'intégration de chaque système, de la documentation technique initiale à la mise en œuvre finale. Aider les autres à comprendre comment ces systèmes fonctionnent et pourquoi nous les construisons. Identifier les opportunités et les possibilités d'amélioration dans l'ensemble d'outils fournis à l'équipe de conception de jeux. Créer du contenu pour tester des systèmes et contribuer à l'effort de conception pour la construction de divers outils de création de contenu. Plus de 10 ans d'expérience dans le développement de titres AAA Plus de 5 ans d'expérience en tant que Directeur.rice technique de la conception de jeux sur des titres AAA Aptitude avérée en tant que concepteur de jeux Une connaissance approfondie de la logique de jeu. Familiarité avec les structures de données et les concepts généraux de programmation. Solides compétences analytiques et amour pour la résolution efficace des problèmes. Une communication positive, directe et collaborative pour améliorer notre vision commune. Approche flexible et adaptable avec un appétit constant pour de nouvelles connaissances et expériences. Autonome et motivé.e, capable de gérer une fonctionnalité du début à la fin mais aussi savoir quand demander un mentorat ou de l'aide. Une expérience avec les moteurs de jeu Unreal est un plus. Capacité de programmer ou d'éditer des scripts. Collaborate with game leadership on high-level system design & determine technical feasibility; Build up and maintain detailed documentation for all owned features Review game design concepts and identify and analyze risks; Resolve complex, escalated issues & make technical validations; Work with engineers and game designers to ensure system designs can be easily implemented while also planting seeds for future improvements. Own the integration of each system from initial technical documentation to final implementation. Help others understand how these systems work and why we are building them. Identify opportunities and room for improvement in the toolset provided to the Game Design team. Build content to exercise systems and contribute design horsepower to the construction of various content creation tools. 10+ years experience developing AAA titles 5+ years of experience as a Game Design Technical Director on AAA titles Proven ability as a game designer in a professional capacity. A deep knowledge of gameplay logic. Familiarity with data structures and general programming concepts. Strong analytical skills and a love for efficient problem solving. Positive, direct, collaborative communication to improve our shared vision. Flexible, adaptable approach with a constant appetite for new knowledge and experiences. Self-sufficient and self-motivated, able to manage a feature from start to finish but also know when to ask for mentorship or help. Experience with Unreal game engines is a plus. Ability to program or edit scripts. 
ScrapedJobID1107:
Bring product experience related to bestselling consumer mobile apps or engaging mobile games into the conservative financial industry. Champion and help inform product priorities that ensure Neo’s usability and user-friendliness are literally the best in the world. Take a pragmatic approach to product management which leverages the advantages of a fast, nimble, iterative, and incredibly agile startup. Be able to concisely build business cases or articulate real business value when discussing user interface changes or improvements. Define interaction models, workflows or scenarios with detailed walkthroughs for both web and mobile products. Write requirements and specifications; create engineering stories for a software development team or actionable goals for a design team. Be responsible for hitting milestones, crushing deadlines and keeping a team delivering the highest possible quality of work. Work directly with design, user-experience, brand and development stakeholders to help push our mobile and web interfaces to the next level. 3+ years experience helping to create one or more winning, design-focused consumer software products (especially mobile apps or games). 3+ years of product leadership, product owner or product manager experience. Humble hard workers willing to roll up their sleeves to learn about Neo's customers and help move the needle at a startup. Polished communicators with a proven ability to sell ideas, build support, argue logically, articulate a position and write effectively. Excellent organizers who can execute high-value projects with multiple stakeholders, while dealing with competing priorities. Experts in user-experience psychology and the processes, tools and best practices around designing for usability in products. Knowledge of gamification and/or workflow optimization is an asset. Post-secondary degree in a related field is an asset. 
ScrapedJobID1108:
Craft scalable TypeScript and Python code to integrate with customer websites, apps, and APIs Flex your TypeScript muscle to design/develop single page web apps with Next.js and React/Redux Work with Django in a microservices architecture Implement APIs over HTTP and gRPC Coach our junior developers in elegant systems design Interact with senior management and our engineering leaders to drive the technical direction of our entire stack Extensive computer science fundamentals demonstrated through a degree in computer science or engineering, plus distinctive work experience in the field Experience with TypeScript and single page web applications (HTML5, CSS3) Python development Linux, git Exceptional attention to detail and focus on quality We work in tight-knit teams to maximize speed and cultivate an ownership mentality. We cherish curiosity and an obsession for details because we know these details are invaluable over the long run. We promote an environment where ideas are challenged. The best ideas win! We're hyperfocused on our achievements and our ability to execute on our promises. We act with urgency. It's not always about us. We give back to our community to ensure it can grow. We love to compete and have fun. Our game nights are legendary. 
ScrapedJobID1109:
Strong C++ knowledge Minimum 3 years of software engineering experience Excellent math and/or physics skills Passion for writing solid, reliable, efficient code and highly scalable systems Experience with multiple core systems, such as graphics, tools, audio, networking, memory handling, scripting, etc. Strong verbal and written communication skills in English High work ethic and self-motivation Passion for Games Excellent communication skills Unreal Engine 3/4 knowledge Experience working with multithreaded systems Performance and memory optimization skills Console experience BS (or higher) in Computer Science or similar discipline (Physics, Math, EE, etc.) Shipped-title experience Competitive salary Personal development opportunities and the possibility to work in a multicultural environment. Work with highly-skilled, senior-level professionals. Being part of a young organization and having a true impact on your daily work. Opportunity to work on innovative, exciting AAA projects with the newest technologies. An informal atmosphere, no dress code, no unwanted formalities 
ScrapedJobID1110:
According to the Deloitte Fast 50 and Deloitte Fast 500, respectively. Help shape and define our adoption and migration to cloud native technologies Collaborate with developers and PMs to enable our engineering and product teams to deliver performant, scalable, and available features Configure and manage cloud resources on AWS (including DynamoDB, VPC, ElasticBeanstalk, EKS, S3, Lambda) using IaC (Terraform) Craft highly impactful CI/CD pipelines to greatly improve the agility of our teams Participate in code reviews and brown bags to help nurture a culture of growth and learning within the organization Bachelors' degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent experience 2+ years experience working in a similar or related role Strong knowledge of Python and Bash Strong knowledge AWS or another major cloud provider (GCP, Azure) Strong knowledge of cloud native technologies (for example - Docker, Kubernetes, Istio and Prometheus) Great verbal and written communication skills Ability to work independently or in a group setting Generous stock option package We match 100% of your contribution to your retirement plan up to $4000 annually Monthly public transportation stipend Annual gym membership stipend Dialogue membership - unlimited free video calls and texts with nurses and doctors anytime - they’ll even help you book IRL appointments 4 weeks of vacation and 5 sick/personal days Weekly happy hour Frequent team outings and off-sites Private healthcare - includes massages 
ScrapedJobID1111:
Work with the Creative Director and Art Director to adapt aesthetic concepts to real 3D game assets Create a variety of high quality, game-ready 3D models and shaders, including characters, vehicles, and props Define a standard for art assets and support the integration and feedback of outsourced art Collaborate with other team members to ensure art is integrated seamlessly with other facets of the game 5 years experience or at least one shipped title as a 3D Artist Experience creating high-quality models and shaders for Unreal Engine Broad 3D art skills, including photogrammetry, retopology, UV unwrapping, shader editors Able to create a variety of art at high quality, including characters, environmental objects, vehicles, and props Self-motivated and able to collaborate well with team members of all development disciplines 
ScrapedJobID1112:
Building tools and services, contributing to our PaaS compute options (Kubernetes, Chef & VM, Serverless). Making access to AWS/GCP services simple and effective. Ensure service scalability through effective code and data storage design. Build prototypes and proof-of-concepts as part of coming up with strong direction for a scalable, fault-tolerant infrastructure. Design, implement, test, and maintain scalable services that are capable of handling real-time and batch processing of thousands of requests. Experience with building backend for large scale applications using Node.js, Python and/or Golang. Experience with designing and developing REST APIs, authentication and securing APIs, asynchronous programming, databases and realtime mobile backends. Deploying and maintaining scalable applications on a cloud platform (AWS/Google Cloud Platform). Experience with DevOps standard methodologies and technologies including but not limited to Kubernetes, Docker and other CI/CD tools. Experience crafting web servers, CDNs and caching solutions with expertise in building micro services. Experience with C#, Unity's engine and related tools. Experience working with AWS, specifically S3, DynamoDB and ECS Master's degree in Computer Science, or equivalent engineering experience. 
ScrapedJobID1113:
Develop frontend UI components, using React, for key systems such as screen flow, menu architecture, event systems, match-making and lobby UI, and in-game 2D heads-up display Work closely with UI artists and designers to implement mockups as working components using CSS Interact with other engineers to improve the whole technical team and process Assess requirements and provide effort estimates to guide an evolving development plan Embrace and help improve our engineering practices for solid design, testing, and implementation 3+ years of proven web development experience with React. Experience with React Hooks Strong familiarity with CSS3 for layout and styling Self direction and a proven ability to thrive in a highly dynamic environment Strong interdisciplinary collaboration skills, including verbal and written skills Ability to work with an existing code base. Experience with Typescript Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent Understanding of modern C++ Experience shipping AAA games Demonstrated passion for games and technology Experience with Unity 3D, Unreal, or other similar full-featured game engine. 
ScrapedJobID1114:
Develop, maintain and evolve the gateway technology (written in Erlang) and its client-side connection management layer (in C++) according to Demonware’s standards of reliability and quality Liaise with other teams on feature implementation, ensuring their requirements are met in a timely appropriate manner Ensure all components are highly scalable and maintainable Own the features and components developed Partner with other engineers to troubleshoot problems with online and multiplayer features, and provide an excellent customer experience Provide mentorship on best practices for backend development and integration 6+ years Software Development experience Excellent problem solving and analytical skills Excellent communication skills allowing effect interactions with internal/external teams Love to code. Excellent development skills, knowledge of either or both of Erlang and C++ is a plus, but not required. Previous experience designing APIs for use by other developers. Can understand and explain what makes a well-designed API A good understanding of networking protocols: TCP, HTTP, TLS, etc. Ability to analyze requirements and make corresponding design decisions Has initiative, and is able to complete complex tasks with minimal supervision Experience with game development or game engines Experience with continuous integration and agile methodologies Experience with building backend services, including skills in: Python or a similar language Linux & open-source technologies Database design, including MySQL and NoSQL databases Experience with large scale services (up to millions of concurrent users) 
ScrapedJobID1115:
5+ years of product management experience managing web, networking, infrastructure, and/or security products and services 7+ years of professional work experience Experience with modern software development, web development frameworks, APIs Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field 7+ years of product management experience in a related industry / field Demonstrated experience driving product ownership and growth Proven success in delivering technology products/services in a high growth environment Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree 
ScrapedJobID1116:
Updating Tableau with the latest Qt release and working with feature teams to help them adapt to changes in functionality they depend on. Sharing knowledge of Qt and consulting with Tableau teams implementing new-features. Debugging from Tableau’s C++ codebase into Qt source code, in our desktop products on Windows and Mac, and server products on Windows and Linux. Engaging with the open-source community and working to integrate Tableau’s Qt bug fixes back into mainline Qt. Driving automation and continuous integration for how Tableau builds and deploys third-party libraries. A Problem Solver. You recognize problems, gather input, design solutions, garner support, and implement solutions that affect multiple teams. A Strong Communicator. You’re comfortable talking about technical things at a high level, or discussing the fiddly details. A Navigator of Chaos. You can forge a path through legacy code, ambiguity, and multiple stakeholders. A True Team Player. You love working as part of a team. You enjoy collaborating with, learning from, and teaching others. People love working with you because you help them up their game. You are interested in building cross-platform applications, working with legacy code, and performance profiling. Our product is built with C++, Java, TypeScript, and C#; experience with an OO language is desired and experience with others is a plus. Technically Flexible. You're open to expanding your technological comfort zone to tackle a wide variety of problems in pursuit of improving our products. You are a Recruiter! Tableau hires company builders and in this role you will be asked to be on the constant lookout for the best talent to bring on board to help us continue to build one of the best companies in the world! You are a Recruiter! Tableau hires company builders and in this role you will be asked to be on the constant lookout for the best talent to bring on board to help us continue to build one of the best companies in the world! 
ScrapedJobID1117:
Provide hands-on coaching to teams at various stages of maturity to assist them in improving and implementing agile techniques Assess overall processes and agile practices across Engineering and design strategies to improve bottlenecks and pain points Facilitate workshops, training sessions and team rituals that cultivate trust and psychological safety Teach teams techniques for estimating capacity and project forecasting Take the lead on establishing metrics that provide value to teams for assessing capacity, health and throughput Create dashboards to help teams visualize key metrics and provide coaching on how to interpret the data Provide guidance on growing an Agile Coaching program within Engineering Operations & Culture Have 3+ years working as an Agile Coach in an Engineering Organization with a proven track record of delivery Have experience with a variety of different Agile methodologies, such as Scrum, Kanban, XP, and TDD Demonstrate an ability to collaborate and build strong, trusting relationships with various teams and individuals across the organization Leverage a data-driven approach to help coach and guide teams Have a deep understanding of the foundation and ingredients needed to create high performing teams Possess excellent verbal and written communication skills Have a coaching and learning mindset Experience using Jira and GitHub Experience scaling Agile Coaching programs within a rapidly growing company Experience coaching in hybrid work environments Experience as a software developer Be part of a team of incredibly talented, passionate, and driven people focused on building and innovating on a best-in-class learning platform Make an impact with your work—each person has an equal opportunity to contribute to our goals and every day, we get to see how Thinkific is empowering both course creators and their students Join one of the fastest-growing companies in Canada and find opportunities to grow in your own career—offering advancement opportunities for our team members is important to us! Contribute to Thinkific's award-winning culture—we're one of Canada's Most Admired Corporate Cultures and a certified Great Place to Work! We offer competitive salaries, a comprehensive benefits package including health, dental, vision, and mental health coverage, and an Employee and Family Assistance Program to support the wellbeing of you and your family Whether you're at our Vancouver HQ or working from home, you'll have the opportunity to build meaningful relationships with Thinkers on your team and across the company through team-wide events, meet and greets with new team members, and regular social events Have fun with our team, even while we're working remotely—join us for an online games session, virtual trivia and paint nights, at-home fitness challenges, or even an online coffee brewing demo! Get additional health and wellness support through a lifestyle or health spending account to put your dollars where you need it most, whether that's subsidizing your gym membership, covering out-of-pocket expenses, or getting new gear Enjoy our open vacation policy and flexible work environment, because we know the importance of having a great work-life balance (and sometimes, you do your best work in slippers) Learn and Grow is one of our values and we take it seriously, providing opportunities through lunch and learns, training, workshops, mentorship, and our $1500 education allowance Grow your career AND your family at Thinkific—you'll be taken care of with our parental leave top-ups as you add to your family Meet the many @dogsofthinkific (and yes, they're as cute and cuddly as they look) Work with the hardware you're most comfortable with, and upgrade or replace your system when you need to with our technology bonus Get set up for success, whether that's at the office or at home. Whether you need a monitor, laptop stand, keyboard, mouse, or even a desk, we'll work to ensure you have what you need to do your best work Be confident bringing your whole self to work—we're proud to be an inclusive company with a diverse team and values grounded in ethics and equality Here at Thinkific, we know that the different perspectives on our team have led to amazing ideas, more innovation, and, ultimately, our success as a company. Our team welcomes applicants of all backgrounds, experiences, beliefs, identities, and statuses. Whoever you are—we can't wait to meet you! 
ScrapedJobID1118:

ScrapedJobID1119:
Follow the existing style and assist in asset creation. Create high and low polygon 3D scenes/props in Max / Maya / Unreal Develop a beautiful cohesive layout with 3D assets resulting in an immersive Unreal scene. Create and modify existing textures with latest techniques (diffuse, normal, specular and emissive) Create marketing images for Appstore and advertisements (renders, screenshots) Modify and enhance existing 3D assets Other tasks assigned by the Team This position is mainly focused on lighting and environment assembling in unreal engine. There re not much modelling tasks. High proficiency in Maya or 3DS Max and basic knowledge of Unreal engine Hand-Painting Skills High proficiency in Photoshop and Substance Painter Tileable texture creation with Substance Designer Knowledge of lighting techniques Versatile, flexible, and willing to do what's needed in a fast-moving environment Can work well both independently and closely with other Sr. Artists Good verbal communication and teamwork skills Proven track record of art assets on projects that have made it to market Interest in pop culture, movies, and games Understanding of typography, the basic principles of design, and color theory Proven portfolio showing an ability to manage diverse styles Familiarity with casual games on iOS and Android platforms Previous experience with the development and shipment of AAA titles Proficiency in various shader techniques including light mapping, ambient occlusion, specular. Experience creating real-time visual effects and particle systems Proficiency in various shader techniques Comprehensive benefits after 3 months include extended health, dental, vision & prescription coverage. Paid Vacation + paid Sick days: 18 days(accumulated and based on percentage earning) Active Living Benefits (such as Fitness Memberships, Registration fees for team sports reimbursement) after 3 months Training and development fee reimbursement after 3 months Dependent Child Benefit Paid Holiday Closure between Christmas & New Year week Statutory paid holidays RRSP matching after 1 year Monthly Commute Allowance after 3 months Monthly Team lunch On-site car and Bike Parking Work hours: 10 am to 6 pm with 1 hour paid lunch. Foosball & Pool Tables on site Gym on site Dress code: Casual Child Gift Lots of snacks, drinks available Random extra Bonus/Gifts Referral Bonus 
ScrapedJobID1120:
Work in an Agile (Scrum/Kanban) environment and be involved in all technical activities within the team such as estimation, sprint planning, software development life cycle activities, code reviews, research, and documentation. Participate in a cross-functional team tackling exciting new features, challenging bugs, and performance issues. Contribute as a full-stack developer, working closely with our back-end and front-end stacks. Ensure software deliverables align with the technical architecture, development standards, and quality practices. Assist in building and executing unit tests. Develop well documented, intent-revealing code. Assist in monitoring the team’s code in a live environment. Participate in a learning environment through collaboration, knowledge sharing, and leadership. Work within your agile team to gather production metrics and stakeholder feedback using them to iterate and grow your team’s projects. A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering equivalent professional experience is required. Minimum 10 years of software development work experience. Familiarity of Agile (Scum/Kanban) practices and concepts Familiarity with HTML/JavaScript, TypeScript, React (or other modern front-end frameworks). Strong knowledge of C# (or Java and interest in learning C#), Web API, REST, Micro Services Strong Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) skills. Experience with Object Relational Mappers such as Entity Framework or Dapper Extensive experience with writing RESTful APIs and web development best practices. Must be able to write clean, well-factored code based on S.O.L.I.D. principles. Experience in writing, analyzing, and tuning well-performing TSQL queries. Experience with Test Driven Development is an asset. Self-motivated and driven to meet long-term goals. Ability to independently manage time to meet project deadlines. Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work collaboratively with other team members. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Can operate under tight deadlines. Understanding Object-Relational Mappers such as Entity Framework. General cloud-computing concepts (AWS). Experience with microservice architectures. Absorb LMS, C#, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript, React, ASP.NET/Web API, SQL Server Work-life balance. Paid vacation. RRSP matching. Employer-paid benefits: health, dental, and vision. Professional development plans. Career progression/internal mobility opportunities. Inclusive work environment. Casual dress code. Volunteering opportunities. Company/team building events. Games room, meditation & yoga space, state-of-the-art workplace. This position is eligible for participation in Absorb’s bonus program as outlined in Absorb’s Bonus Program Policy. The successful candidate may be located remotely in Canada. In the event a current Absorb employee would like to apply for this role they will inform their supervisor prior to submitting their application. This position will be subject to pre-employment background screening, including a criminal record check. The successful candidate must be able to show proof of legal eligibility to work in Canada and/or the USA without sponsorship. Incomplete online applications will not be considered. Please note, this posting will close when a suitable candidate has been identified. 
ScrapedJobID1121:
Design and maintain Windows installers with a deep understanding of MSI sequences, ISCmdBld, and merge modules Design and maintain RHEL and RPM Linux packaging using CMake/CPack Design, manage and maintain tools to automate operational CI/CD processes used to deploy a variety of applications (Git, SVN, TeamCity, Gradle) Develop pipeline automation to quickly verify and validate product stability Develop tools and integrate new technologies to streamline the release process Maintain release tools and support release automation for different types of product releases (Windows, Linux, Docker, Kubernetes, Helm, etc.) Drive all end-game Release Engineer activity to ensure that the release milestones are met 3+ years of technical experience in a software development environment as an individual contributor in the related area Extended knowledge of scripting languages (Installscript, Java, Bash, PowerShell, Python, Groovy, etc.) Experience with Maven, Artifactory, Docker, Kubernetes, TeamCity, and OSS scanning tools such as Black Duck Superior analytical and problem-solving abilities; broad intellectual capacity to take on complex technical issues Excellent written and verbal communications skills; ability to provide clear guidance and instruction to others Demonstrated ability to get things done by being resourceful, building rapport, and seizing opportunities High EQ (Emotional Intelligence) guides how you motivate your team and resolve conflicts Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously, including resolving conflicts with competing priorities and tasks Operating System internals or low-level driver development Web/SaaS experience, C#, Java, JavaScript and working knowledge of network topology and REST APIs Use of Atlassian collaboration tools (Jira, Confluence) Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, or equivalent is a plus 
ScrapedJobID1122:
Project manage Digital Monetization initiatives with a focus on Order Management System (OMS) integration with Bell Media advertising tech stack and feature requests for future optimal state. Work with Business Operations to align OMS stakeholders in Digital Sales, Monetization, Billing, Finance & IT teams and prioritize and maintain system roadmap Liaise with partners in Digital Product & Development to build business requirements and success criteria to maximize revenue around ad innovation and product development Collaborate with Technical Account Management team to schedule quality assurance to ensure monetization requirements are met Work with Digital Sales, Inventory, Revenue Management, Business Operations, and Programmatic teams to define and execute go-to-market strategies Present ad innovation products and processes to Digital Sales Teams. Provide campaign support as needed. Monitor success of product launches by regularly reporting on KPIs and gathering buyer feedback for ongoing product improvements Develop and manage business relationships with various vendors Participate in IAB or other industry committees or events to stay abreast on latest digital trends 3+ years related experience in Ad Operations, Technical Account Management, Programmatic, Project Management, or Product Management preferably within Digital Media industry University degree or equivalent in business administration, technology, or marketing with a strong technical and analytical background Knowledge of digital ad technology: OMS, ad servers (GAM, FreeWheel, Cadent), DSPs, SSPs, and DMPs, Knowledge of IAB ad formats and emerging digital trends Comprehensive understanding of campaign success and reporting metrics including viewability Proactive with demonstrated ability to deliver results in a fast-paced, goal-driven environment Proven ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously without compromising quality Works well independently or with a team Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong organizational skills with attention to detail Proficient with Microsoft Office, PowerPoint, and Excel applications Experience with web tools (Charles, Fiddler, Google Developer Tools), JIRA and Confluence Bilingualism is an asset (English and French) 
ScrapedJobID1123:
Full benefits package for full-time employees Retirement savings plan Exciting, supportive and fun work environment Family and friends discounts on travel, tech, food, beverage, and fitness Development and training opportunities Manage SQL Server databases through multiple product lifecycle environments, from development to mission-critical production systems. Configure and maintain database servers and processes, including monitoring of system health and performance, to ensure high levels of performance, availability, and security. Apply data modeling techniques to ensure development and implementation support efforts meet integration and performance expectations Independently analyze, solve, and correct issues in real time, providing problem resolution end-to-end. Refine and automate regular processes, track issues, and document changes Assist developers with complex query tuning and schema refinement. Provide 24x7 support for critical production systems. Perform scheduled maintenance and support release deployment activities after hours. Share domain and technical expertise, providing technical mentorship and cross-training to other peers and team members. On-call may be required 2+ years experience with hospitality, retail or casino marketing experience or equivalentt combination of education and experience 5-7 years of experience working in an Application Support/Solution delivery team, preferably in a Casino or Gaming and Entertainment industry or other large corporate environment 5+ years of technical experience in supporting an integrated application environment 5+ years experience in Database environments or Application Development 10+ years’ experience in a hands-on role supporting database environments or application development 5+ years MS SQL Server Administration experience required 5 to 7 Years of Project Support Experience, Casino experience or equivalent combination of education and experience ITIL: 3 years Customer Support: 5 - 7 years SQL Server: 5-7 years Application Support: 5-7 years General knowledge of database theory, queries and design Knowledge of Microsoft Sequel (Relation Database Management System)- Software solution Knowledge structured query language (SQL) General understanding of database and network architecture General understanding of routine maintenance, recovery and failover procedures/protocols Fluent/familiar with Azure cloud and on-premises server environment Chief architect and owner of database environment across multiple systems Responsible for data integration across multiple platforms (ie. GMS, ADP, POS, Cognos, Great Plains, etc.) Knowledge of SQL server reporting services (SSRS) Knowledge of SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) for data warehousing and transformation. The preferred address of work is in office with options to work remotely after the role is learned. The ideal candidate would also need to travel to client site occasionally. Bachelors degree in Technology, Science or Engineering, or work experience equivalent Customer Service orientation with a strong bias toward action Experience in DR runbook and execution in a mission-critical high availability environment. Experience in other database environment management, such as DB2. Experience in providing services to agreed SLAs and OLAs Flexible in working outside of core business hours at short-notice Good understanding of Microsoft and Linux technology stacks, including awareness of cloud computing architecture. Understanding of technical IT issues to enable discussions with internal and external technical specialists ITIL Certification Experience using Service/Incident Management Tools Experience working with offshore teams. Individual must have or be eligible for AGCO Licensing Strong communication and presentation skills, that will enable the candidate to collaborate with cross functional technical teams along with enhancing both business and team member relationships Working in a fast-paced Agile environment Have a strong technical/systems background Review processes and implement efficiency enhancing procedures Experience with Performance Tuning and Optimization (PTO), using native monitoring and troubleshooting tools Experience with backups, restores and recovery models Knowledge of High Availability (HA) and Disaster Recovery (DR) options for SQL Server Experience working with Windows server, including Active Directory Excellent written and verbal communication Flexible, team player, “get-it-done” personality Ability to organize and plan work independently Ability to work in a rapidly changing environment Ability to multi-task and context-switch effectively between different activities and teams MCTS, MCITP, and/or MVP certifications a plus Strong understanding of casino products (slots & table games), systems and/or similar environments Ability to use and understand Microsoft Office Applications (Project, Excel, Words, Visio, etc.) email, Internet navigation and presentation software (PowerPoint or other software). Excellent communication, organizational and multi-tasking skills. Promote, justify and lead the development of new products and functionality Track industry trends, understand internal product development and interact with internal and external stakeholders Regularly interface with internal and external clients to successfully implement solutions. Undergraduate degree or diploma with emphasis in business administration and/or technology. Experience with Gaming Systems preferred. A proven track record of successful project implementation in a software and technology implementation environment Knowledge of Gaming and Entertainment Industry Knowledge of Bally’s Gaming Management System (GMS) V15 Excellent organization, written and client facing skills Experience of the entire project life cycle, able to operate in the initial conceptual design stage Thorough knowledge of MS Office and MS Project Formal training in Application Systems Development Life Cycle Management methods and techniques. Previous casino/gaming/Payment services experience an asset Some travel maybe required Casino Management Systems – Ballys GMS Version 15; SDS, CHS Experience with Casino Market Place, Slot Data Systems and other Gaming and Entertainment related systems. POS Systems – Squirrel or Micros SQL Server, DB2 Nice-to-have
Hands-on experience with Sybase, Microsoft Operating Systems, Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, Linux, Java and .NET environment
Integration of different data sources, like Big Data systems and relational databases
Foster the adoption of AGILE development, Cloud technology
Familiarity with Data Analysis, Data quality and governance concepts
Experience with supporting project projects through a project delivery lifecycle Hands-on experience with Sybase, Microsoft Operating Systems, Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, Linux, Java and .NET environment Integration of different data sources, like Big Data systems and relational databases Foster the adoption of AGILE development, Cloud technology Familiarity with Data Analysis, Data quality and governance concepts Experience with supporting project projects through a project delivery lifecycle 
ScrapedJobID1124:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or Software Engineering. Experience with Selenium and jMeter. Experience testing API’s Experience testing with financial services products a bonus. Experience using BrowserStack a bonus. Strong knowledge of software development lifecycle. Flexible schedule Work from home Monday to Friday Do you meet the DS4Y criteria (30 or under, Cdn/PR, post grad) listed at https://www.ic.gc.ca/eic/site/122.nsf/eng/00001.html. It's a government grant requirement, not a Boss Insights requirement. quality assurance: 1 year (preferred) Selenium: 2 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1125:
A collaborative, transparent, and engaging culture, working with awesome technology! Competitive salary and performance-based variable compensation Paid Professional Development time Plenty of vacation and personal days Flexible work options Lucrative employee referral program Employee benefits including RRSP matching and WorkPerks (corporate discounts on travel, fitness Vibrant social crew to organize team events, fundraising, and community initiatives Endless opportunities to learn and grow Fully equipped gym facilities Rec room with pool table, foosball, and video games 
ScrapedJobID1126:
Engage with fellow developers through active participation in code reviews, design Dedication to an iterative development process driven by the goal to continuously Develop clean, maintainable, and documented solutions Collaborate with backend engineering teams through traces, metrics, and Deploy applications regularly adhering to studio standards and best practices Participate in requirements gathering to inform design and development Participate in user observation studies to be regularly evaluating how users work and Follow standard UX design methodologies throughout the development process Proficiency in modern web application features,design goals, and architecture (i.e. Web Expertise with modern frameworks, standards, technologies used in front end web Experience with micro-services architecture Strong communication, collaboration, and problem solving skills Experience working closely with UX design teams and backend development teams Experience with testing frameworks (i.e. Cypress) Production experience in computer animation, visual effects, or game industry A portfolio of user interface samples that demonstrates skill and passion Experience with Node.js, Express, and building JS modules using technologies such as NPM We are a company built on positive relationships and collaboration, and you will have the opportunity to build strong business relationships while acting as a specialist in Product Management. You will manage multiple business relationships and collaborate with people from both corporate and field. This is an opportunity to work independently, in a fast-paced environment, and lead projects. 
ScrapedJobID1127:
Health and Dental Benefits $1000 towards your health and wellness expenses 3-week paid vacation An inclusive environment Mentorship and career growth Company socials, meditation room, pool table and games room, free massages RRSP matching, ESPP contributions, annual bonus Working at the company ranked #1 in the Great Place to Work survey 2019 BS/MS in computer science or equivalent work experience 2+ years experience developing web, software, or mobile applications Solid grasp of software engineering fundamentals and their practical application Solid grasp of JavaScript fundamentals such as closures, prototype, callbacks, promises, error handling Experience with Object Oriented Languages such as: Java/J2EE, C#, Python, C++ Understand and preferably have experience with web services Understand unit testing and Test Driven Development Helpful, can-do attitude and a willingness to take ownership of problems Strong desire to learn and grow Excellent problem solving skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Commitment to team success and positive team dynamics Deliver high quality full-stack applications (requirements, design, code, documentation, etc.) Roughly 70-80% hands-on coding Contribute to early quality activities, including peer reviews of estimates, designs and code Resolve defects/bugs Partner with team members to deliver against commitments Grow and apply technical skills in service to customers Experience Agile Development, SCRUM, and/or Extreme Programming methodologies 
ScrapedJobID1128:
Work closely with developers on the team to plan and deliver features.
Support the leads of major gameplay disciplines and their teams
Run team sprint planning sessions based off defined priorities
Coordinate cross discipline meetings and weekly syncs where needed
Remove blockers for features and team members
Work closely with lead producer to assist and provide feedback on high level plans and schedules.
Create and foster a positive team culture
1-2 years of experience working with multidiscipline teams in a production role.
You have excellent communication skills and can adapt your communication style for the team you are supporting.
You are comfortable working in modern project management methodologies (Agile, Scrum, Waterfall, Kanban, etc)
Creative and analytical with a keen eye for detail.
Proven experience identifying and tracking dependencies.
Games experience a strong plus. Work closely with developers on the team to plan and deliver features. Support the leads of major gameplay disciplines and their teams Run team sprint planning sessions based off defined priorities Coordinate cross discipline meetings and weekly syncs where needed Remove blockers for features and team members Work closely with lead producer to assist and provide feedback on high level plans and schedules. Create and foster a positive team culture 1-2 years of experience working with multidiscipline teams in a production role. You have excellent communication skills and can adapt your communication style for the team you are supporting. You are comfortable working in modern project management methodologies (Agile, Scrum, Waterfall, Kanban, etc) Creative and analytical with a keen eye for detail. Proven experience identifying and tracking dependencies. Games experience a strong plus. 
ScrapedJobID1129:
Mesurer la progression de l’équipe vers l’atteinte des objectifs Coordonner la vision macro avec les différents impératifs et dépendances micro Optimiser les méthodes et procédés de développement Maintenir et personnaliser les outils de communication Coordonner les personnes et les départements ensembles Effectuer le suivi avec les différents sous-contractants Prévenir les problèmes (ou proposer des solutions) 3 ans ou plus d’expérience pertinente en gestion dans l’industrie du jeu vidéo; Avoir livré au moins 2 titres multiplateformes; Excellentes communications orale et écrite, en français autant qu'en anglais; Maîtrise de Connaissance de Jira, Confluence, Office et Perforce; Excellent esprit de leadership et de relations interpersonnelles; Enthousiaste, positif, esprit axé sur l’équipe. Assess team’s progression towards project goals; Coordinate high level plan with low level imperatives and dependancies; Optimize work processes and pipelines; Maintain and customize communication tools; Link people and departments together; Support / link with outsourcing partners; Prevent problems (or suggest solutions) 3+ years of experience as Producer or Associate Producer in game development; Shipped at least 2 multiplatform titles; Proficient in English and French; Proficiency in MS Office Suite and project management softwares (Jira, MS Project, Hansoft); Knowledge of Jira, Confluence, Office and Perforce. Excellent team leadership and interpersonal skills; Proven ability to tackle complex problems. Can adapt and troubleshoot; Enthusiastic, positive, team-oriented. 
ScrapedJobID1130:
Help develop a comprehensive automation test infrastructure. Develop automated scripts and frameworks for test and data management. Collaborate with multiple stakeholders to develop automated test plans. Collaborate with multiple stakeholders to understand functional requirements and troubleshoot discovered defects. Collaborate with multiple stakeholders to ensure appropriate resolution and test coverage. Proactively identify and communicate risks and opportunities for improvement across all products and test frameworks. Select, train, and mentor Quality Assurance project resources. Maintain an open and continuous communication between the Quality Assurance team and the rest of the project and leadership team. Summarize and report the Quality Assurance activities that took place, from start to end, to the Quality Assurance, project, and leadership teams. Champion Quality Assurance at all stages of the project life cycle. Completion of a university or college degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Business, or the equivalent, combined with extensive directly related experience in Quality Assurance. Formal Quality Assurance certification/designation from either ISTQB or IIST strongly preferred. Extensive knowledge of Quality Assurance as it relates to the information technology discipline. Intermediate-senior level experience in formal SDLC methodology and standards (e.g., Waterfall or Agile). Intermediate-senior level experience in Automation Testing with hands on experience one or more of the following tools: Selenium Web Driver, FitNesse, Ranorex, QTP/UFT, RFT, SOAP UI, Jenkins Considerable knowledge and experience in Quality Assurance management life cycle. Adept at planning own work activities and assisting in identifying Quality Assurance work items and tasks necessary for successful project completion. Experience and exposure to Test Management and Defect Management Tool. Ability to lead teams and work collaboratively in a project and team environment. Affable nature and outstanding skills as they relate to general interaction and collaboration with clients and other team members from the business and technical domains. Quick learner, attention to detail, superior analytical, problem solving, organizational, verbal, and written communication skills. Proficient with Microsoft Office tools (e.g., Word, PowerPoint, Visio, Excel). Someone who shares our core values. Professional Development budget and days Interest-free tech-enablement loans A Career Mentor to support your growth and development RRSP/401K matches Bonus programs Wellness program 
ScrapedJobID1131:
NBA Top Shot: digital asset creation, marketplace trading, integration with mobile game Dapper Wallet: payments, identity, fraud protection, KYC/AML Flow blockchain: distributed systems, networking, latency Quickly gains proficiency when exposed to unfamiliar technical patterns, systems, or languages Is able to unblock colleagues when they are faced with technical challenges Is a strong communicator who can collaborate well with other non-technical functions (e.g. Product & Design) Has the courage to try out new tools, fail fast, and dive into unknowns to solve new and challenging problems Familiar with our commonly used technology choices (Golang, Node, Javascript) Developed decentralized applications, infrastructure, or interacting with blockchains Understand the deployment process, and is comfortable with docker, containers, and kubernetes Familiar with event driven architectures, Kafka, and comfortable with eventual consistency Have a strong understanding of application and API security Have expertise in payments 
ScrapedJobID1132:
Create, maintain and support automation scripts using our in-house automation system; which can be built using a scripting language (Python) or UE4 visual scripting (Blueprints). Help develop Tools & Automation processes by working closely with the Production and QA Development team members. Also, implement and enforce them across their assigned WB Games projects. Work with QA Development Team to design & suggest features or tools that connect, enhance or aid Testing. Provide valuable and meaningful data and information to the internal and external partners to help launch products at the desired quality level. Follow closely the progress of their assigned Automation mandates with frequent reviews involving, functional QA (FQA), Production and QA Development partners. Be flexible and adapt to changes. Collaborate with them to resolve issues and difficulties. Gather requirements and write design of automation targets on a variety of games developed by WB Games. Create and maintain automation scripts built in Python, Unreal Engine (Blueprints) and our in-house automation system. Meet and discuss with various game production teams on automation needs. Meet with FQA leads to gather automation requirements and priorities. Understand and use our in-house automation system. Help the QA Development team to identify and define new features needed in the in-house automation system. Keeping track of test results and validate that the title is in good condition for automation Determine which debug features are necessary to complete scripts and either create (UE4 Blueprints) or request them Creation of automated reports that are deliver in excel of Slack format, for various departments. Proficient with Jira Queries, Filters & Dashboards Experience with object-oriented programming languages Have an analytical mindset Creative problem solver Be very autonomous, innovative and a quick learner Possess strong verbal and written communication and reporting skills Love to learn and experiment Passionate about video games 2+ years of experience using Python or a similar scripting language. 2+ years of experience using Unreal engine (blueprints). 2+ years of technical experience within the video games field. Deep knowledge of a AAA videogame production and development environment. Good knowledge of development engines (Unreal Engine), source control (Perforce) and integrated development environments (Visual Studio). Exclusive WarnerMedia events and advance screenings Paid time off every year to volunteer for eligible employees Access to well-being tools, resources, and freebies Access to in-house learning and development resources Part of the WarnerMedia family of powerhouse brands 
ScrapedJobID1133:

ScrapedJobID1134:
Exceptional academic results at high school and university Degree qualification in Computer Science or Software Engineering Passion for high quality, usable, fast and reliable software Extensive management experience with multiple reporting teams Confidence in public speaking Exceptional work ethic Ability to travel internationally for company and industry events Successful startup experience preferred Public company experience preferred Open source experience strongly preferred 
ScrapedJobID1135:
Monitoring and oversee team activities and day-to-day operations, provide status updates to management Coordinate with other Team Leads to facilitate intra-teams collaboration and with Squad leaders to manage team members’ participation Maintain a supportive and productive team environment, encourage transparent and supportive communications, resolve issues and conflicts, facilitate team building activities, and promote creativity and risk-taking culture Utilize Flutter International tools and techniques such as goal management, performance reviews, mentoring, and coaching to progress team effectiveness within respective areas, and to ensure efficiency in daily activities while meeting delivery initiatives Listen to and provide timely feedback, monitor happiness, satisfaction, and mental wellness, recognize and reward accomplishments of team members Enforce Agile and SDLC best practices with team members Discover learning needs and provide training resources Interview and screen potential candidates to join the team Strong experience in People Leadership role Strong experience in setting and evaluating SMART KPIs goals Capable of being empathetic but also separate themselves and being impartial when dealing with team members’ issues and conflicts Able to delegate tasks and set deadlines and expectations Strong experience and understanding of the Agile approach, modern development/testing/deployment methodologies, and release branching strategies Strong experience with collaboration and documentation tools such as Atlassian Jira and Confluence, Microsoft SharePoint and the Office suite Capable of clear and effective communication, both in written and in verbal form, for providing updates and estimates, collaborating and empowering team members, and contributing to the knowledge repository Quick learner, detail-oriented, excellent planning and time organization, able to self-organize and handle multiple competing priorities Keen interest in the latest technology in the industry related to the development stack Computer Science or Software Engineering academic background or equivalent practical experience Knowledge of different Casino games rules and related domain is a plus Knowledge of probability and statistics concepts is a plus Health and dental insurance for you, your partner and your children (if you all live at the same address) A personal interest allowance to let you learn something new or pursue a hobby Looking to extend your family? You will receive a cash gift of $1,900 for your new addition whilst working for us Discounts on local gyms, restaurants and events Free snacks and catered lunch In-house training and development to develop your skills, progressing your career 
ScrapedJobID1136:
Collaborate with the Design team to create a vision for AI systems Write clear, performant, maintainable, portable code Design, develop, test, and implement AI systems Accurately estimate effort and deliver high quality results Provide high quality code review feedback 5+ years experience developing Artificial Intelligence for AAA titles Expertise in several of the following domains: Game Artificial Intelligence, Animation System, Navigation System and/or GOAP. Excellent command of the C++ programming language Extensive experience working with large multi platform engines Initiative to push boundaries and an ambition to craft something outstanding Bonus points for Unreal Engine experience 
ScrapedJobID1137:
We are taking sleep to the next level. We combine great content, cutting-edge technology, and data-driven product development to constantly learn, iterate, and improve. We are relentless in our pursuit of better, always questioning the status quo and discovering new ways to get things done and serve our members. We are a community that grows together - both professionally and personally. Our team is agile and nimble, allowing you to have a huge impact and carve your own path from day one. We invest in our team’s well-being and professional development because we know that business and individual growth go hand-in-hand. You will move fast, remain flexible, and be challenged every day. Join us! Develop top of the funnel features and experiments in the BetterSleep iOS and Android apps with both native mobile technology and our in-house Rapid Framework, a UI framework based off video games technology, that will ultimately allow experiments only by remote configuration; Participate in the development of our in-house Rapid Framework; Act as the principal resource for features development in a team composed of product manager, product designer, data scientist, DevOps, QA, web and tools developers; Work closely with data scientists to ensure data integrity during development. Closely collaborate with both iOS and Android squads in the integration and development of new features; Coach and mentor other juniors developers. Bachelor degree in Computer science, software engineering or any other relevant field; More than 10 years of experience in software development with different languages such C++ Team player, methodological, time-management, structured and detail oriented; Great communication skills, bilingual. Competitive salary & equity compensation Excellent health, dental, and vision coverage Retirement plan with employer matching contribution Ridiculous perks program Office in the heart of downtown Montreal, a three-minute walk from the Central Station Commuter & lunch benefits Building something that matters - loved by the people and admired by the press Any piece of hardware or software that will make you happy and productive Awesome people to work with Nothing to slow you down Helping people live a better life, every day Nous faisons passer le sommeil au niveau supérieur. Nous combinons un contenu de qualité, une technologie de pointe et un développement de produits axé sur les données pour apprendre, itérer et améliorer constamment. Nous sommes implacables dans notre quête de l’excellence, remettant toujours en question le statu quo en découvrant de nouvelles façons de faire dans le but de toujours mieux servir nos utilisateurs; Nous sommes une communauté qui grandit ensemble - à la fois professionnellement et personnellement. Notre équipe est agile, permettant à chacun des employés d'avoir un impact dès le premier jour. Nous investissons dans le bien-être et le développement professionnel de notre équipe, car nous reconnaissons que la croissance des affaires et la croissance individuelle vont de pair. Vous évoluerez rapidement, resterez flexible et aurez des défis stimulants à chaque jour. Joignez-vous à nous! Participer au développement de notre Rapid Framework interne, un framework d'interface utilisateur basé sur la technologie des jeux vidéo, qui permettra des expériences uniquement par configuration à distance; Développer les fonctionnalités qui facenneront la meilleure expérience d’utilisation possible dès le premier contact de l’utilisateur sur BetterSleep iOS et Android avec à la fois la technologie mobile native et notre Rapid Framework interne; Agir en tant que principale ressource pour le développement de fonctionnalités au sein d'une équipe composée de chef de produit, designer de produit, scientifique des données, DevOps, assurance-qualité et développement: Travailler en étroite collaboration avec les experts de données pour assurer l'intégrité des données pendant le développement; Collaborer étroitement avec les équipes iOS et Android dans l'intégration et le développement de nouvelles fonctionnalités ; Coacher et encadrer d'autres développeurs juniors. Baccalauréat en informatique, génie logiciel ou tout autre domaine pertinent; Plus de 10 ans d'expérience en développement logiciel avec différents langages tels que C++ Esprit d'équipe, méthodologique, gestion du temps, structuré et minutieux; Excellentes capacités de communication, bilingue. Développement mobile (Android : Java & Kotlin, iOS : Objective-C et Swift); Salaire compétitif et programme d'achat d'actions Excellente couverture d'assurance collective pour la santé, les soins dentaires et la vue Régime de retraite avec contribution équivalente de l'employeur Bureau au coeur du centre-ville de Montréal, à trois minutes à pied de la gare centrale Rabais sur les transports en commun et allocation mensuelle pour les repas Travailler sur un produit qui a un impact positif sur la vie des gens Tout équipement matériel ou logiciel pour vous rendre heureux et productif Une équipe formidable Aider les gens à vivre une vie meilleure, chaque jour. 
ScrapedJobID1138:
Provide input on technical design, services architecture, and product features Research, evaluate, and analyze technical and design requirements Develop platform libraries, tools, components, and services that are scalable, secure, maintainable, and reliable Work cross-functionally with an agile team Support and input on technical priorities for overall education backend architecture and company APIs, enabling the team to better support the end-product Collaborate with technical leads and product owners to gather and prioritize project requirements Provide foundational services that will enable all software development teams’ domains Proficient knowledge of a backend programming language (JavaScript, Ruby, Python) Solid experience writing RESTful API endpoints Passion for user experience, performance, and uptime Understanding of containerized systems using Kubernetes or Docker Knowledge of relational databases (PostgreSQL, MSSQL, etc.) Experience working with NoSQL databases (DynamoDB, Redis, MongoDB, etc.) Basic understanding of frontend technologies and platforms, such as JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3 Knowledge of security best practices Ability to collaborate with product designers and frontend developers A love for learning and staying on top of the latest in web development Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git Backend: Ruby, Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, Node.js, Python, Flask/Django, GraphQL, PostgreSQL, AWS Frontend: React, ES6 Demonstrated working knowledge and experience with GraphQL Demonstrated working knowledge and experience with Lean, DevOps, and Agile Mindset Experience with CI/CD pipelines and infrastructure as code Ability to work with other programming languages Experience with AWS technologies - EC2, RDS, Redshift, Firehose, etc. Familiarity with ES6 and beyond Experience with unit testing and testing frameworks 
ScrapedJobID1139:
7+ years of experience working directly within engineering teams Experience partnering with product OR program management teams 3+ years of people management experience, managing engineers 3+ years of experience architecting and designing (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems Experience leading engineering teams in software development methodologies Experience defining software roadmaps to meet organizational business goals Experience growing software engineering leaders Possess a proven track record of shipping high quality software on time Have a minimum of 8 years in software development Have a passion for people management and mentorship Possess strong verbal and written communication skills Possess strong analytical skills, with excellent problem solving abilities Be technically adept in software development and experienced in the processes around it Have experience with distributed systems Have a degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or a related field 
ScrapedJobID1140:
Collaborate and provide guidance to the art department on how best to realize their vision in the most efficient and effective manner Further extend and innovate key visual technology to make our games stand out. Explore ways to apply the latest graphics innovations to our project Develop art budgets and target metrics with the Technical Director/Architect to ensure our game is always running great Profile the game and help fix performance problems Build and use tools to measure and improve game performance Develop art workflows and tooling Mentor other Engineers on the team 8+ years developing amazing graphics on multiple AAA titles Advanced understanding of C++ and HLSL Experience working with Unreal Engine is a plus Strong mathematical skills Initiative to push boundaries and a strong desire to build something outstanding Excellent interpersonal skills 
ScrapedJobID1141:
Work closely with artists to drive the visual technology of the game Work closely with designers to use Blueprints appropriately Work closely with designers to the creation of Unreal data for use outside Unreal Support all developers on the team in their use of Unreal Assess requirements and provide effort estimates to guide an evolving plan Embrace and improve our practices for technical design, implementation, and delivery 5+ years of professional team-based game development on shipped products {5+ years of professional Unreal Engine 4 experience} or {2+ years of professional Unreal Engine 4 experience plus 3+ years of professional experience with other game engines} Solid grasp of Modern C++ (C++[14] or later) Self direction and a proven ability to thrive in a dynamic environment Good interdisciplinary collaboration skills, both verbal and written Ability to mentor junior programmers History of shipping AAA games Experience on multiple platforms Familiarity with ECS programming patterns (entity-component-system) Familiarity with deterministic sim Familiarity with server-client model Demonstrated passion for games and technology. 
ScrapedJobID1142:
Create physically-based Materials/Textures for use with props, environments, and characters Assist in material library creation and maintaining material pipelines Collaborate with other artists to build and integrate assets into a visually consistent and highly immersive world Match established art styles while helping improve the visual direction Portfolio demonstrating a wide variety of materials using both procedural and 3d sculpted techniques. Portfolio demonstrating tiled textures and 0-1 UV mapped assets. Assets must show strong attention to detail focusing on believability and overall esthetic composition Solid understanding of PBR standards and surface/light interactions Strong foundation knowledge in traditional arts Experience creating 3D art for a game project or title Able to use 3D and/or procedural techniques to create high-quality materials within production timelines Strong knowledge of UE4 Strong knowledge of Maya and/or another 3D software package Strong knowledge of Zbrush modeling Solid understanding of color theory, and be able to create balanced and appealing color palettes Must be punctual, diligent, articulate, and organized A desire to work and support a diverse and inclusive environment Experience leading other artists Shipped 1+ AAA title as an environment artist Experience using proprietary editors, software, and tools 
ScrapedJobID1143:
Advanced degree in computer science, engineering, or equivalent, with particular emphasis on robotics, algorithm design, and/or software development 5+ years of industry experience in mobile robotic path or task planning algorithm development Expertise in an object-oriented language such as C++ Driven individual, passionate about robotics, algorithms and algorithm development, self-starter Comfortable with Linux operating systems (CLI, scripting) Familiarity with ROS; worked on a full navigation stack before Experience with industry-standard software development tools and processes (eg. Git, continuous integration, unit testing) Software development for personal use - GitHub or open-source contribution references welcomed Image processing, game and graphics programming Exposure to other technical robotics concepts (HRI, SLAM, sensor fusion, firmware, hardware) 
ScrapedJobID1144:
Collaborate with the Creative Director and Art Director to explore and establish the visual aesthetic of a new science-fiction IP, through sketches, concepts, and look development. Bring strong creative ideas and an ability to polish them to high quality, through sophisticated art techniques in lighting, composition, materials, and rendering methods. Participate in story, game, and design discussions, and help explore new ideas through sketching and rough concepts that quickly illustrate different possibilities. Create concepts for specific game needs as well as your own proactive ideas inspired by the theme of the IP
Seek and respond to feedback from other team members 3+ years experience in videogames, TV, or film A portfolio showcasing your experience with sci-fi concepts of characters, objects, and environments A passion for science-fiction and a talent for producing original creative ideas Ability to use 3D software as part of your workflow Self-motivated and able to collaborate well with team members of all development disciplines 
ScrapedJobID1145:
Creates believable, photo-realistic 3D models and textures from concept art and photo reference. Assembles, edits, and optimizes highly detailed 3D environments. Troubleshoots technical and artistic issues. Communicates effectively with team members, production and management to ensure that project goals are met. 1+ years of experience creating high-quality 3D art assets and levels for AAA games. Ability to create realistic 3D props, environments and textures from concept art and photo reference. Ability to receive, give, and apply feedback effectively while maintaining a positive attitude. Understanding of lighting, color and scene composition. Basic understanding of physically based shaders. Proficient in next-gen asset creation. Proficient in Maya or 3ds Max, Photoshop and Substance Painter. Self-driven, dedicated to advancing your craft, and eager to learn new techniques and software. Passionate about games; take pride in everything you do and have a positive attitude. Experience with a level editor (i.e. Unreal, Unity, Frostbite, Radiant, etc.) Foundation in traditional art with ability of concepting ideas. Familiarity with Substance Designer Familiarity with Zbrush Exceptional visual and technical understanding of 3D modeling and texturing. Architecture, photography, photogrammetry or cinematography experience. 
ScrapedJobID1146:
Leading multiple development features to achieve real world objectives Designing and coding fast, secure, and scalable applications Designing and developing web applications and web services using ASP.NET, C#, Web Forms, MVC, WCF, and Microsoft SQL Using cloud computing services and approaches with AWS Research, develop, and implement the latest technologies with AWS Coding and scripting using a wide variety of open source technologies and tools 7+ years of software development experience A degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field Architecting Object Oriented systems in multiple languages (C#) ASP.NET Web Forms, MVC, WCF and Microsoft SQL Proficient in modern testing and debugging Developing Relational databases (Microsoft SQL) and other non-structured data sources Experience with Transact-SQL and Microsoft SQL Server including Query Analyzer, Enterprise Manager or including SQL Server Management Studio Agile & Scrum project management techniques Analytical skills for performance measurement and data driven decisions Source Control, Automated Build, and Continuous integration Maintainable & Testable Code; Progressive Release Minimum Viable Product Development Knowledge of AWS Services including: EC2, VPC, S3, Lambda, API Gateway Cloud-native concepts and techniques User-centric design and usability Experience with data analytics , reporting, and DevOps We strive for Simple, Clean and Testable code We love cloud computing (AWS& Azure) and service architecture You support your team and raise everyone’s game You support what you build You are brave and take action 
ScrapedJobID1147:
Build, test, maintain the backend and frontend for our admin system Write effective APIsWrite effective unit and integration tests Write technical documentation Build the front-end of applications through visually appealing design Test system to ensure responsiveness and efficiency Work closely with business and product team to enhance UX Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade system whenever applicable Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field 2+ years of demonstrable experience with Scala or Java 2+ years of demonstrable experience with MySQL or any relational database 2+ years of demonstrable experience with React or AngularHands-on experience with UX/UI design Great attention to detail Flexibility to WFH For the third year in a row, we are proud to announce that we have been certified as a Great Place to Work We were also certified as one of the Best Workplaces for Mental Wellness in 2020 We are an open work environment that fosters collaboration, ownership, creativity, and urgency We ensure flexible hours outside of our core working hours Enrolment in the Group Health Benefits plan right from day 1, no waiting period Team building events Fuel for the day: Weekly delivery of groceries, and all types of snacks Catered lunches and desserts on a monthly basis Daily fun in the office with our competitive games of Ping Pong, Pool, Smash Bros competitions, or FIFA And of course, an unlimited amount of freshly made coffee and tea! We’re pretty serious about our coffee beans Online learning through the platform, UDEMY 
ScrapedJobID1148:
Build and maintain trusting and collaborative relationships with our co-development partners and interact with various key internal and external stakeholders Align with our partners on artistic direction to ensure high quality assets creation Work with art, production and technical leads to coordinate milestone schedules Anticipate and identify potential risks associated with meeting project deadlines, ensuring the appropriate steps are taken to resolve issues that may hinder progress or compromise project objectives Provide hands on solutions to help solve complex problems or blockers Evaluate and provide recommendations to improve processes, tools and workflows Create and manage team schedules and establish proper workflow among the art team Set out and assign tasks for the team and attend regular stand-ups Review the team’s work and provide clear and consistent feedback to ensure quality and alignment with project goals and artistic vision Provide career management to the art team through performance reviews, ongoing mentorship and feedback, and regular 1-on-1s 8+ years of experience in the games industry with a strong background in 3D character and/or environment art 5+ years of people management experience leading a team of artists, with a strong interest in mentorship and career development Experience shipping multiple game titles on PC and/or console Proven ability to provide artistic, technical and development feedback on a range of art assets Strong stakeholder management skills Strong attention to detail, organizational and time estimation skills Proactive with the ability to anticipate potential risks and issues and come up with appropriate solutions Able to take direction and receive feedback well Capable of managing competing priorities and working independently within established guidelines Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to lead, influence and motivate others Experience working with external development partners is a plus Experience working on AAA action/adventure titles Strong understanding of in-game visual production and processes 
ScrapedJobID1149:
Participate in game design discussions and contribute valuable ideas to all aspects of the project Work with the Creative Director and design team to define and communicate a clear vision for the game Develop prototypes to explore gameplay concepts, and iterate based on constructive feedback Design and implement amazing gameplay experiences through collaboration with the broader team Create and maintain clear and effective design documentation Experience in professional game development shipping multiple AAA titles, ideally with Unreal Engine Broad design experience in areas such as character and vehicle movement, content, systems, and progression Strong creative problem-solving, math, and analytical skills A deep understanding of the state of the art in game design and interactivity Excellent communication and collaboration skills Strong initiative, and ability to drive cross-discipline efforts An added value would be a degree in Computer Science, Game Design, or other related field 
ScrapedJobID1150:
Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site parking RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday How many years experience do you have with C#? How many years experience do you have designing and implementing reliable, scalable software? Yes 
ScrapedJobID1151:
Perform hands-on software design and development Architect solutions to novel problems using a homegrown rules engine Develop server-side game logic components and game simulations Work closely with your game team to develop real-money online gambling type games Mentor, train, and grow a team of developers Support and improve game logic engine updates Write unit tests and perform peer design/code reviews Work closely with game designers to determine feasibility of game features Work with remote teams in various time zones Design and develop tooling that will drive efficiency in workflows Minimum 8 years of software development experience with an emphasis on OOP/OOD development Proficient knowledge of Java language, platform, and core Java EE technologies Good conceptual understanding of object-oriented programming University education or equivalent work experience is required Experience with build automation tools like Jenkins, Maven and ANT required Experience hiring, leading, and training developers is a plus Have experience building tools using React and NodeJS is a plus Knowledge of GCP or AWS is a plus CV review & screening call with the recruiter. Face-to-face tech interview with a couple coding challenges. Coding Interview. What we assess here is your experience and programing background Candidates who successfully complete both steps are eligible to pass to the final behavioral round Building collaborative relationships Decision making Drive results Foster innovation Personal energy Self-leadership 
ScrapedJobID1152:
We develop animation technology, from performance capture through to a sophisticated runtime engine, for massive open world games. We are a global team of programmers and researchers who collaborate on pushing the boundaries of character animation on next generation hardware. We support and work closely with gameplay, animation, and technical art teams, across multiple projects at different Rockstar studios. Join our core animation technology team and work closely with performance capture, animation, rigging, technical art, and tools teams across different Rockstar studios. Develop, maintain, extend, and support new and existing libraries and DCC plugins exposing core animation and character technologies to a broader range of developers and artists. Implement well designed multi-language tools and DCC plugins improving technology availability across different content creation environments. Learn how to work with animation system features in a large, existing codebase. A degree in Computer Science or a related discipline, or equivalent industry experience. Experience developing tools and plugins for DCCs (e.g. Maya, Max, Motion Builder, Blender, Houdini etc) A passion for character-based games and for creating tools and DCC plugins that simplifies and speeds up content generation. Strong Python and C++ programming skills. Familiarity with networking (e.g. TCP/UDP sockets) or inter-process communication techniques. Good communication skills, ability to clearly share complex technical information with other programmers, animators and technical artists. Industry experience working on AAA character based games, or character based VFX animation. Experience creating Python bindings to C++ libraries. Strong 3D math skills. Experience animating or rigging (using skeletal bones or blend shapes) in Motion Builder, 3DS Max, Maya, Houdini, or Blender, etc. 
ScrapedJobID1153:
Create physically-based Materials/Textures for use with props, environments, and characters Assist in material library creation and maintaining material pipelines Collaborate with other artists to build and integrate assets into a visually consistent and highly immersive world Match established art styles while helping improve the visual direction Portfolio demonstrating a wide variety of materials using both procedural and 3d sculpted techniques. Portfolio demonstrating tiled textures and 0-1 UV mapped assets. Assets must show strong attention to detail focusing on believability and overall esthetic composition Solid understanding of PBR standards and surface/light interactions Strong foundation knowledge in traditional arts Experience creating 3D art for a game project or title Able to use 3D and/or procedural techniques to create high-quality materials within production timelines Strong knowledge of UE4 Strong knowledge of Maya and/or another 3D software package Strong knowledge of Zbrush modeling Solid understanding of color theory, and be able to create balanced and appealing color palettes Must be punctual, diligent, articulate, and organized A desire to work and support a diverse and inclusive environment Experience leading other artists Shipped 1+ AAA title as an environment artist Experience using proprietary editors, software, and tools 
ScrapedJobID1154:
Develop and maintain mock-ups, wireframes and prototypes Work closely with stakeholders, product owners, developers and UI designers Lead user-centered design based on consultation with project teams and other experience designers Support task-based user testing through interactive prototypes Communicate scenarios, end-to-end experiences, interaction models and interface designs to product owners and stakeholders Act as a user experience advocate to assist product owner’s effort of building a customer-centric application Demonstrate good understanding and practices of UI/UX design principles, through strong hands-on experience and abilities Lead design review sessions with project teams, acquiring consensus and getting approvals on designs/documentation, and challenge core team to create a successful Mobile App user experience and cohesive story Proven work experience as a Web UI/UX designer – especially with designing transactional / e-commerce sites BA/BS degree or equivalent experience in mobile app design, user experience design, and/or a related field A team player with good communication skills (written and verbal) Strong analytical / business needs analysis skills Exceptional eye for detail and passion for quality Ability to translate business and user requirements into logical and streamlined interaction designs that support engaging user experience Fluent in communicating conceptual ideas and design rationale Portfolio of work samples showcasing work Experience designing within a large organization is valued Knowledge and/or experience in telecom industry and agile process is an asset Knowledge of web mark-up (HTML/CSS etc) also an asset Enjoyable work environment, working with top-notch Mobile App UI/UX design and research experts, developers and business leaders Access to cutting edge technologies and technology partners Substantial investment in skills development and training Opportunity to design for one of the biggest national brands Opportunity to improve the digital experience for millions of Canadians 
ScrapedJobID1155:
Travailler en collaboration avec les directeurs de projet pour définir la vision du jeu; Développer le style visuel (Ton, ambiance, lieux, personnages, etc.) avec les artistes de concepts et les équipes artistiques 3d; Créez le guide de style visuel du jeu (« Mood boards », références et descriptions); Coordonner et superviser l'équipe artistique pendant la production; Maintenir l'équilibre entre la vision artistique, la vision du jeu et la faisabilité technique; Passer en revue les contenus visuels du jeu et fournir la rétroaction nécessaire pour atteindre la qualité visée; Collaborez avec les autres chefs d’équipe du projet à toutes les étapes du développement; Participer activement au recrutement en vue de bâtir l'équipe artistique; Interfacer avec les partenaires externes liés au projet (Sous-contractants, éditeurs, médias, etc.) Avoir une bonne culture artistique générale; 10 ans ou plus d’expérience en tant qu'Artiste, ou Directeur artistique dans l’industrie du jeu vidéo; Avoir livré au moins 4 titres multiplateformes; Capacité à exprimer ses idées et à faire de la critique constructive; Compétences managériales; Maîtrise les techniques de production artistique en jeu vidéo; Aptitude démontrée à pouvoir résoudre des problèmes complexes. Adepte du Système D; Excellent esprit de leadership et de relations interpersonnelles; Enthousiaste, positif, esprit axé sur l’équipe. Work collaboratively with the project managers to define the vision for the game; Develop the visual style (tone, mood, locations, characters, etc.) with the concept artists and 3d art teams; Create the visual style guide for the game ("Mood boards", references and descriptions); Coordinate and supervise the art team during production; Maintain the balance between the artistic vision, the game vision and the technical feasibility; Review the visual content of the game and provide feedback to achieve the desired quality; Collaborate with other project team leaders in all stages of development; Actively participate in recruiment to build the art team; Interfacing with external partners related to the project (sub-contractors, publishers, media, etc.) Have a good general art culture; 10+ years of experience as an Artist or Art Director in the video game industry; Have delivered at least 4 multiplatform titles; Ability to express ideas and provide constructive criticism; Managerial skills; Mastery of video game art production techniques; Demonstrated ability to solve complex problems. (resourceful) Excellent leadership and interpersonal skills; Enthusiastic, positive, team-oriented spirit. 
ScrapedJobID1156:
Work closely with developers on the team to plan and deliver features.
Support the leads of major gameplay disciplines and their teams
Run team sprint planning sessions based off defined priorities
Coordinate cross discipline meetings and weekly syncs where needed
Remove blockers for features and team members
Work closely with lead producer to assist and provide feedback on high level plans and schedules.
Create and foster a positive team culture
1-2 years of experience working with multidiscipline teams in a production role.
You have excellent communication skills and can adapt your communication style for the team you are supporting.
You are comfortable working in modern project management methodologies (Agile, Scrum, Waterfall, Kanban, etc)
Creative and analytical with a keen eye for detail.
Proven experience identifying and tracking dependencies.
Games experience a strong plus. Work closely with developers on the team to plan and deliver features. Support the leads of major gameplay disciplines and their teams Run team sprint planning sessions based off defined priorities Coordinate cross discipline meetings and weekly syncs where needed Remove blockers for features and team members Work closely with lead producer to assist and provide feedback on high level plans and schedules. Create and foster a positive team culture 1-2 years of experience working with multidiscipline teams in a production role. You have excellent communication skills and can adapt your communication style for the team you are supporting. You are comfortable working in modern project management methodologies (Agile, Scrum, Waterfall, Kanban, etc) Creative and analytical with a keen eye for detail. Proven experience identifying and tracking dependencies. Games experience a strong plus. 
ScrapedJobID1157:
Project manage strategic initiatives to deliver high impact business results The ad operations prime on cross-platform integration of Digital ad products ensuring proper implementation of ad-related tools (ex: DFP, Permutive, Moat, etc.) Identify opportunities to exhibit thought leadership to create or revise tools and processes within the team that will garner better results (for both user experience and/or revenue) Drive resolution of ad-related technical issues Investigate new ad technologies and Ad Network enhancements (targeting options, cost reduction etc). Develop new products and provide creative ideas to improve our business and lead the industry in digital advertising best practices Enforce standard policies and procedures to maintain quality standards and improve customer satisfaction with Bell Media’s products and services 3+ years related experience in Ad Trafficking on Direct & Programmatic or Technical Account Management preferably within digital ads industry Strong working knowledge of one or more Ad Management Systems (Examples: Google Ad Products, FreeWheel, Cadent, Triton TAP, AdsWizz, etc) Experience with online advertising technologies (HTML5, Streaming video/audio, DAI, Pre-Bid, VAST, VPAID, VMAP) Experience with implementation of Ad product SDKs and DAI integration Working knowledge of web tools: Charles Proxy, Fiddler, developer tools, etc. Experience with troubleshooting digital platforms Web development skills an asset (ex: HTML5, JavaScript, CSS) Knowledge of IAB ad formats and emerging online trends (Examples: viewability, device identifiers, ad blocking, fraud) Understanding of and ability to troubleshoot 3rd Party vedors including dv360, appnexxus, eyeReturn, sizmek, etc Comprehensive understanding of campaign success and reporting metrics: conversions, CPM's, CPC's and CPA's Experience with online video players (ex JW Player, Brightcove, Adobe, etc) and CMS systems, an asset Understanding of the programmatic advertising landscape, and the relationship between DSPs, SSPs, and DMPs Familiar with auction based bidding fundamentals (Deal IDs, Auction Types, Open vs. Private Marketplaces) and programmatic metrics (Winning Bid Price, Bid rate, eCPM, Closing Price, etc) 
ScrapedJobID1158:
Highly motivated and dynamic professionals Motivated designers with broad backgrounds and service mindset to be a consultant Professionals with ability to work both with in-house projects and on-site assignments at our customer’s locations Company Culture – outstanding people and a flexible work environment with lots of after work activities/groups! It’s so great, we even won an award for it! Work/Life Balance – 4 weeks holidays to start and work that stays at work! Career Growth Opportunities – being a design house keeps variety in your work. New opportunities happening all the time! Great Benefits – and, they start the same day you do… and, they include your family… and, the company matches your RRSP contributions! 
ScrapedJobID1159:

ScrapedJobID1160:
Excellent attention to detail Ability to manage tight deadlines Comfortable using spreadsheets and Google Docs Experience with Python, JavaScript, or HTML/CSS would be an asset We work in tight-knit teams to maximize speed and cultivate an ownership mentality. We cherish curiosity and an obsession for details because we know these details are invaluable over the long run. We promote an environment where ideas are challenged. The best ideas win! We're hyperfocused on our achievements and our ability to execute on our promises. We act with urgency. It's not always about us.* We give back to our community to ensure it can grow.* We love to compete and have fun. Our game nights are legendary. 
ScrapedJobID1161:
Develop realtime 3D environments for use with training and testing AI systems Light environments using both baked and real time solutions Set up cameras and post effects in real time environments Manage projects using Perforce, Git, and/or other source control software Expert-level experience with crafting and lighting environments in Unity Strong experience in DCC packages such as: Autodesk 3ds Max, Autodesk Maya, Blender, Pixelogic ZBrush, Adobe Substance Designer, and Adobe Substance Painter BS degree in Game Design, Animation, Graphic Art, or a related field, or equivalent experience. Experience in game development (or equivalent visual effects fields) with multiple shipped titles, films, or applications Key skills in Unity, VFX, materials setup, scene generation, lighting setup. Experience in groups that have developed or made use of synthetic data for computer vision Experience crafting procedural systems using industry tools such as Side Effects Houdini Extensive scripting experience in C#, Python or other languages 
ScrapedJobID1162:
Experience developing and managing online solutions, including:
DevOps and SRE practicesmicroservice architectureRESTful APIscloud technologies (ex. AWS, GCP, etc.)containerization and orchestration technologies (ex. Docker, ECS, Kubernetes, etc.)CI/CD pipelines (ex. GitLab) DevOps and SRE practices microservice architecture RESTful APIs cloud technologies (ex. AWS, GCP, etc.) containerization and orchestration technologies (ex. Docker, ECS, Kubernetes, etc.) CI/CD pipelines (ex. GitLab) In-depth knowledge of at least one of these programming languages: C#, TypeScript, NodeJS, Python, Go Experience managing teams (ideally using Agile methodology) An innovative spirit: you're regularly on the lookout for ways to improve in a constantly evolving environment Solid interpersonal and communication skills A desire to continually learn new cloud technologies (the technologies that power the massive Harbour platform are always in motion, the team, too) Your CV, highlighting your background and skills 
ScrapedJobID1163:
Design and implementation of reliable, high performing and usable web applications Creation of detailed design documentation and diagrams Refactoring and creation of abstractions to simplify components and libraries and promote code re-use Diligently unit testing and debugging application components as necessary Displaying initiative in research, proposal and development of tools, technologies and techniques Collaborating and communicating effectively within a multi-disciplinary team Analysis of business needs and development of technical solutions Applying foresight to look beyond immediate requirements for future extensibility Participating in design and code reviews as necessary Supporting clients’ evolving needs through ongoing product enhancements and application extension A University Degree or College Diploma in an applicable field Passion for continuous learning and improvement 5+ years of .NET development experience Practical experience implementing object-oriented systems Experience in database normalization and SQL An understanding of underlying popular Internet protocols, browser and server technologies The ability to code to established standards and methodologies Strong communication skills (verbal and written) Produced quality deliverables within planned timelines Demonstrated experience in various tools and technologies, including ASP.Net MVC, Entity Framework, Visual Studio, HTML, Jquery, Redis, CSS, JSON, Web Services, and SQL Server Experience with version control tools such as Git or Subversion Experience with message queueing and service bus middleware Location: Winnipeg, Manitoba 
ScrapedJobID1164:
Community. Collaborating with developers and industry experts in an exciting Agile environment. Technology. Looking for the next best solution before it even exists. Development. Embody and advocate a culture of quality development Delivery. Best products, services, content and innovative solutions for our customers. Technical Creativity. You will build the strategy and evolution of existing services, as well as future services architecture Someone with a University degree in Software/Computer/Electrical Engineering/Computer Science/IT A candidate with 5-10 years of experience and passion for software development; however if you believe you are up for the challenge with less experience, you are welcome Someone with experience working with Unix/Linux environments, distributed/parallel systems, networking, and/or systems/security software development Someone to help find innovative ways to optimize the development pipeline, the testing and the availability and efficiency of our applications and services. Someone who has an understanding of IP networks (VRFs, subnets, Firewalls, NAT…) and is ready to work with network experts to build the infrastructure hosting our services. Has experience in managing and working with cloud platforms and cloud automation and monitoring tools. Our stack is evolving to include OpenStack, AWS, Kubernetes, Docker. Experience working with these tools or alternative tools in a production setting is valuable to us. Someone who is familiar with automation/orchestration tool such as Ansible and code management tools (GIT) and considers Infra-As-Code as a new religion Someone with a solid understanding of security concerns and knowledge of how to address them. Ex: identity verification, access controls, permissions… Someone who is happy to leverage existing tools and technologies while seeking out the next new thing Someone with experience in object oriented software and application development in Java/Maven, scripting languages, and/or web development technologies. Someone who can slice and dice a business/system problem into an easy modular and maintainable solution with your team A team player who can define, establish and communicate their long term vision, who is adaptable to uncertain and changing needs A candidate with strong interpersonal, oral and written communication skills (A good sense of humour is a bonus!) Bilingual (French/English) Exposure to Agile methodologies Strong IP networking skills Experience working with SIP and are ready to embrace the evolution Employee discount plan Heavy investment on people development Pension plan and employee stock plan Flexible hours Flexible health and life insurance Awesome community Access to vast resources to the latest technology Bonus pay Extended health care 8 hour shift French: 10 years (preferred) Software engineering: 5 years (preferred) Cloud: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1165:
Collaborate with the Design team to create a vision for AI systems Write clear, performant, maintainable, portable code Design, develop, test, and implement AI systems Accurately estimate effort and deliver high quality results Provide high quality code review feedback 5+ years experience developing Artificial Intelligence for AAA titles Expertise in several of the following domains: Game Artificial Intelligence, Animation System, Navigation System and/or GOAP. Excellent command of the C++ programming language Extensive experience working with large multi platform engines Initiative to push boundaries and an ambition to craft something outstanding Bonus points for Unreal Engine experience 
ScrapedJobID1166:
Write high quality and well-documented code according to accepted standards based on business requirements using one or more of the following tools and technologies: Oracle ADF Framework, Oracle JDeveloper, Java, JavaScript, SQL, PL/SQL Provide estimates for development items and consistently meet estimate and programming deadlines Provide standard product and enhancement support Provide integrated testing and debugging for new programming tasks/functions Create detailed technical design specification documents that can later be used for programming when required Conduct regressive testing to ensure backwards compatibility of the system Evaluate alternative design approaches to meet business requirements Collaborate with team members and other departments to find solutions Participate in project and team meetings Other related duties as assigned University Degree, preferably in Computer Science 3 plus year hands-on professional Java/J2EE programming experience (includes Java, JDBC, JSP, JavaScript, Struts Framework). Familiarity with HTML5, JQuery & CSS, Ajax. Familiarity with Oracle databases and SQL, PL/SQL Knowledge of web security: authentication, protocols Knowledge of http traffic workflow. Knowledge of Oracle JDeveloper, weblogic would be an asset. Excellent communication skills – both written and oral. Competitive benefits Package (including Health & Dental benefits) Paid vacation and personal days Townhall meetings where all employees are encouraged to participate in open discussions Located on York University’s campus, easily accessible by transit (TTC, GO, etc.), walking distance to shopping and restaurants Outdoor lunch space, including picnic tables An active Social Events Committee (past events include annual seasonal parties, pool and bowling tournaments, karaoke nights, Game nights, BBQ’s, and more) Health and Wellness focus including virtual yoga classes and wellness webinars RRSP Matching Program after 2 years of employment Experience in a rapidly growing, socially responsible corporation 
ScrapedJobID1167:

ScrapedJobID1168:
Share a passion to innovate, especially in the design and development of open world games Work closely with the art team and the level/mission design team to design and create inspiring 3D content that visualizes the vision and design of the game Plan, prioritize and assign tasks and manage your team's schedule Help team members to reach their full potential, follow quality standards and meet deadlines Create AAA 3D art that works within technical constraints and can be used as a benchmark for other 3D artists Produce and iterate on a variety of assets through all phases of production including in-game blockouts, organic surfaces, hard-surface models, marketing assets, and more Be able to think about your art in the service of the world of a new IP to create assets that will enrich the experience Take an active role in the evolution of the game, working with all disciplines to understand the vision and design for the game and using that experience to inform concept work Be an active mentor by training and guiding other artists on the team to improve their craft and deliver top-tier quality content At least eight years of professional AAA game development experience At least five projects shipped in a leadership position At least two AAA action titles shipped, one during the current generation of video games (PS4/XBOX ONE) Experience leading and managing a team of 3D artists on a AAA project A portfolio of visionary and inspiring 3D work you can show and talk about your ideas to the team Skillful in communicating with other developers, eager to help others and learn from them Take critical feedback and iterate on your work based on the needs of the experience Excellent leadership mindset, ability to work in a team, with good leadership skills and to delegate work accordingly Strong traditional art skills Experience creating style guides a plus 
ScrapedJobID1169:
Prototyping gameplay ideas for core combat and moment-to-moment mechanics and systems, combat characters, their feel, behavior, abilities, and encounters in various settings Implementing combatant character with animations and behavior using state machines, behavior trees, visual effects, sound effects & combat encounters with arena layouts, and pacing using provided level design tools and various other scripting systems Creating designs documents, content briefs, system outlines, and other means of sharing all the necessary information with involved teams Remaining current on industry trends, including new game genres, new game design methods and techniques, and trending audio-visual excellence At least 3+ years of experience in the production of games for consoles and PC 2+ years of experience shipping AAA third-person melee combat titles in combat design role At least 1 shipped title in a combat designer role, with a history of successful features Good knowledge of Unreal Engine 4 Working proficiency with Unreal Engine Editor Exceptional ability to conceptualize, pitch, and implement game systems and features using various tools, technology, and visual language A Clear understanding of creative and game development processes Experience with online action games Strong verbal and written communication skills in English Open-minded team player attitude Strong work ethic and self-motivated Passionate about playing and making video games Familiarity with scripting languages and/or C++ programming Deep understanding of systems design, player psychology, and emerging industry trends Experience with versatile game development tools such as Unity and Unreal Competitive salary Personal development opportunities and the possibility to work in a multicultural environment Working with highly-skilled, senior-level professionals Being part of a young organization and having a true impact on your daily work Opportunity to work on innovative, exciting AAA projects with the newest technologies An informal atmosphere, no dress code, no unwanted formalities 
ScrapedJobID1170:
NBA Top Shot: digital asset creation, marketplace trading, integration with mobile game Dapper Wallet: payments, identity, fraud protection, KYC/AML Flow blockchain: distributed systems, networking, latency Quickly gains proficiency when exposed to unfamiliar technical patterns, systems, or languages Is able to unblock colleagues when they are faced with technical challenges Is a strong communicator who can collaborate well with other non-technical functions (e.g. Product & Design) Has the courage to try out new tools, fail fast, and dive into unknowns to solve new and challenging problems Familiar with our commonly used technology choices (Golang, Node, Javascript) Developed decentralized applications, infrastructure, or interacting with blockchains Understand the deployment process, and is comfortable with docker, containers, and kubernetes Familiar with event driven architectures, Kafka, and comfortable with eventual consistency Have a strong understanding of application and API security Have expertise in payments 
ScrapedJobID1171:
Creates believable, photo-realistic 3D models and textures from concept art and photo reference. Assembles, edits, and optimizes highly detailed 3D environments. Troubleshoots technical and artistic issues. Communicates effectively with team members, production and management to ensure that project goals are met. 1+ years of experience creating high-quality 3D art assets and levels for AAA games. Ability to create realistic 3D props, environments and textures from concept art and photo reference. Ability to receive, give, and apply feedback effectively while maintaining a positive attitude. Understanding of lighting, color and scene composition. Basic understanding of physically based shaders. Proficient in next-gen asset creation. Proficient in Maya or 3ds Max, Photoshop and Substance Painter. Self-driven, dedicated to advancing your craft, and eager to learn new techniques and software. Passionate about games; take pride in everything you do and have a positive attitude. Experience with a level editor (i.e. Unreal, Unity, Frostbite, Radiant, etc.) Foundation in traditional art with ability of concepting ideas. Familiarity with Substance Designer Familiarity with Zbrush Exceptional visual and technical understanding of 3D modeling and texturing. Architecture, photography, photogrammetry or cinematography experience. 
ScrapedJobID1172:
You will be a key senior member of the build engineering team Your role is to help design and build a world class build system to help deliver key project goals You care about the software you create and value the quality of build processes and tools over rapid development You strive to collaborate with other developers to find elegant solutions, and understand how to gather requirements for the systems you create You are delivery focused and push to set the bar for how we implement features on the project As a Senior Build Engineer you will be expected to drive the development of our technology and build processes forward to improve the delivery of quality content for the game. You have experience as a Build Engineer working end-to-end on projects with an understanding of the entire process You have an excellent understanding of build engineering practices such as CI, source control, bug tracking, automated testing etc. You’re excellent in self-managing workloads through Jira or another tracking methodology You can identify issues and propose solutions that improve the software development process build pipeline You’re able to choose the best tool for the job and keep up with the industry in having a good awareness of modern build tools You have 3+ years experience in build engineering Ideally you have experience with Unreal Engine 4 (preferable) You may have experience with any popular cloud hosting provider (AWS, GCP, Azure) You’re able to create tutorials, guides or other important documentation for more junior staff members You’re able to mentor more junior members of the software team You’re skilled in one or more common scripting languages (Python, Bash, Powershell, etc). 
ScrapedJobID1173:

ScrapedJobID1174:

ScrapedJobID1175:
Développer un client frontend utilisant PHP MVC frameworks, CSS, JavaScript, MySQL et Redis incluant la gestion d’intégration avec d’autres applications Être capable d’intervenir de manière autonome sur les APIs backend Développement logiciel/programmation back-end et front-end Participer activement à l’analyse de la faisabilité technique et opérationnelle des projets Participer à toutes les phases opérationnelles des projets: architecture, développement, tests, déploiement et livraison Comprendre la technologie ‘’Docker’’ qui sera utilisée dès le début du développement jusqu’à la mise en production Comprendre la logique ‘’DevOps’’ et l’automatisation des processus de développement et de test Toute autre tâche connexe Au moins 3ans d’expérience en tant que développeur/développeuse PHP Fullstack Expertise avec MySQL et PHP Connaissance avancée de CSS, JS, HTML5 Capacité à gérer des projets de concept non-MVC (pur PHP) Avoir un esprit d’équipe Etre autonome et organisé.e Être débrouillard·e et avoir une excellente capacité de résolution de problème Faire preuve de rigueur, de gestion du temps et des demandes Excellentes aptitudes à la communication (la maîtrise du français et de l'anglais est un atout) Heures de travail flexibles Salaire de base très compétitif Politique de télétravail flexible Assurances collectives complètes offertes à 100% Jours de vacances et de maladie avantageuses dès le 1er jour Un environnement de travail stimulant, une ambiance décontractée ainsi qu’une salle à manger toute équipée avec café à volonté Une salle de sport et de jeux sur place Activités de groupe – barbecue, vendredi pizza, 5@7, billard, karting, etc. (hors pandémie) Develop a frontend client using PHP MVC frameworks, CSS, MySQL and Redis including integration management with other applications Being able to work independently on backend APIs Back-end and front-end software development/programming Actively participate in the analysis of the technical and operational feasibility of projects Participate in all operational phases of projects: architecture, development, testing, deployment and delivery Understand the Docker technology that will be used from the beginning of the development to the production Understand the ''DevOps'' logic and the automation of development and testing processes Any other related tasks At least 3 years as a Fullstack PHP developer Expertise in MySQL and PHP Advance knowledge of CSS, JS, HTML5 Ability to manage non-MVC concept projects (pure PHP) Team Spirit Autonomy and organization Be resourceful and have excellent problem-solving skills Demonstrate rigor and time management abilities Be result driven Have excellent communication skills (having both French & English is a plus) Flexible working hours Competitive salary Flexible work from home policy A flat hierarchy that fosters communication between everyone Work alongside an international team comprised of industry experts Full group insurance offered at 100% Advantageous vacation and sick days from day 1 A stimulating work environment, a relaxed atmosphere as well as a fully equipped dining room with unlimited coffee On-site gym, ping-pong table and games Many group activities: on-site barbecues, pizza days, 5@7, billiards, karting, etc. (Post pandemic) Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Événements d'Entreprise Gym sur place Horaires flexibles Stationnement sur place Tenue Décontractée Travail à Distance Du Lundi au Vendredi Montréal, QC: Faire le trajet sans problème ou prévoir un déménagement avant de prendre son poste (Souhaité) Français (Souhaité) Anglais (Souhaité) Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1176:
Collaborate and provide guidance to the art department on how best to realize their vision in the most efficient and effective manner Further extend and innovate key visual technology to make our games stand out. Explore ways to apply the latest graphics innovations to our project Develop art budgets and target metrics with the Technical Director/Architect to ensure our game is always running great Profile the game and help fix performance problems Build and use tools to measure and improve game performance Develop art workflows and tooling Mentor other Engineers on the team 8+ years developing amazing graphics on multiple AAA titles Advanced understanding of C++ and HLSL Experience working with Unreal Engine is a plus Strong mathematical skills Initiative to push boundaries and a strong desire to build something outstanding Excellent interpersonal skills 
ScrapedJobID1177:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Software engineering or equivalent
New graduate level of proficiency in C#/Java New graduate level of proficiency in C#/Java Previous technical industry experience
Co-op level of experience working on tools, test automation and development process improvements Co-op level of experience working on tools, test automation and development process improvements Knowledge of at least one domain (automation, game console development, web applications or services, tools development, cloud solutions, database administration, etc.) Excellent communication skills
Communicating with team members and project leads Communicating with team members and project leads Strong knowledge of Software Development Life-Cycle processes
Waterfall, Scrum, Kanban
Software design patterns
Continuous integration, TDD Waterfall, Scrum, Kanban Software design patterns Continuous integration, TDD Ability to estimate effort (time) needed to complete tasks Familiar with current generation consoles and devices (Xbox One, PS4, Windows 10, OSX, iOS and Android, etc.) Work alongside a small team of Software Engineers Updating and maintaining tools for quality engineering Follow quality standards through code reviews and design approvals Test automation scripts Verify technical requirements for any tasks Collaborate with the team, driving innovation, and quality testing Build relationships with local and remote developers and stakeholders Free and confidential mental health services Company lead training WFH options during the pandemic Dog friendly environment (That's right, you can bring your dog to work!) Indoor basketball court, outdoor basketball court, soccer field, volleyball court Community garden 2 dog parks Easy transit access Free on-site parking for staff and visitors 
ScrapedJobID1178:
Work with other UX team members, Game Designers, and Software Developers to define product goals and strategize ways to achieve them throughout the whole development process (sprints, estimates, kick-offs, retros, etc.) Create detailed wireframe documentation and clickable prototypes of key features within a product and proving out core game mechanics, then design beautiful and detailed visual mockups based on validated prototyping Implement the consistent visual design of the UI within our products using Unity, working with Software Developers to ensure the work fits within technical and data requirements while following creative art direction Convert artist designs into usable pieces for game implementation, using graphics software and tools Participate in conducting user research and A/B testing to validate that your designs are effective in creating business value Authentically contribute to team discussion and feedback sessions, fostering delight and supporting a culture of experimentation 5+ years of professional work experience as a user experience designer, interaction designer, information architect, or similar UX-related role in the games industry Proven success on shipped mobile free-to-play products with an understanding of “free-to-play” business models, including customer acquisition, retention, and monetization Education background in Interaction Design, Human-Computer Interaction, UX, Communication Design-related field, or equivalent professional experience A strong portfolio comprised of projects which demonstrate creative, user-centred design solutions to moderately complex problems with consistent and beautiful UI - highlighting UI assets you’ve produced is key Excellent skills in prototyping tools and design software such as Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator and XD, to produce efficient and flexible UI assets for use in Unity while understanding how design choices translate to development Self-motivated worker with the ability to prioritize and manage workload to meet project deadlines in an agile project environment Great verbal and written communication skills and ability to present UX ideas and strategies to your peers, collect feedback, and quickly iterate to ensure the best solutions are delivered Ability to follow and define new conventions, contributing to the overall UX Design Team standards Understanding of how UI interactions and assets translate to Unity with experience modifying features - allowing a collaborative relationship with the Development team during hand-off Nice to Have
Basic motion graphics and animation knowledge
Some exposure to key analytics tools such as SWRVE and Tableau
Experience programming in Unity (C#)
Live-Ops experience Basic motion graphics and animation knowledge Some exposure to key analytics tools such as SWRVE and Tableau Experience programming in Unity (C#) Live-Ops experience Competitive salary and extraordinary incentive plan tied to company goals Extended health, dental & vision benefits, a health & wellness spending account, and an employee & Family Assistance Program 3 weeks vacation + paid winter holiday closure + 10 paid personal/sick days per year Annual $3,000 self development budget to attend conferences, courses, training – you name it! Work Style Benefit - $100/month stipend to help cover the cost of parking, home internet, fitness apps - whatever you need to be comfortable working from home or in one of our hub offices! Home Ergonomic Benefit for your home office - $1,000 Paid short or long term parental leave Charitable gift matching up to $1,000 per year for recognized causes that you support + 3 paid volunteer days per year We have 3 hub offices located in Kelowna, Vancouver and Seattle along with remote employees across North America Our hub offices are accessible and set up to accommodate your preferences; from casual drop-ins, to a dedicated desk, it’s up to how you work best! If you’re based outside of one of our office hub locations, you can work remotely, with some occasional travel to BC 
ScrapedJobID1179:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or Software Engineering. Experience with Selenium and jMeter. Experience testing API’s Experience testing with financial services products a bonus. Experience using BrowserStack a bonus. Strong knowledge of software development lifecycle. Flexible schedule Work from home Monday to Friday Do you meet the DS4Y criteria (30 or under, Cdn/PR, post grad) listed at https://www.ic.gc.ca/eic/site/122.nsf/eng/00001.html. It's a government grant requirement, not a Boss Insights requirement. quality assurance: 1 year (preferred) Selenium: 2 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1180:
Work in an Agile (Scrum/Kanban) environment and be involved in all technical activities within the team such as estimation, sprint planning, software development life cycle activities, code reviews, research, and documentation. Participate in a cross-functional team tackling exciting new features, challenging bugs, and performance issues. Contribute as a full-stack developer, working closely with our back-end and front-end stacks. Ensure software deliverables align with the technical architecture, development standards, and quality practices. Assist in building and executing unit tests. Develop well documented, intent-revealing code. Assist in monitoring the team’s code in a live environment. Participate in a learning environment through collaboration, knowledge sharing, and leadership. Work within your agile team to gather production metrics and stakeholder feedback using them to iterate and grow your team’s projects. A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering equivalent professional experience is required. Minimum 10 years of software development work experience. Familiarity of Agile (Scum/Kanban) practices and concepts Familiarity with HTML/JavaScript, TypeScript, React (or other modern front-end frameworks). Strong knowledge of C# (or Java and interest in learning C#), Web API, REST, Micro Services Strong Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) skills. Experience with Object Relational Mappers such as Entity Framework or Dapper Extensive experience with writing RESTful APIs and web development best practices. Must be able to write clean, well-factored code based on S.O.L.I.D. principles. Experience in writing, analyzing, and tuning well-performing TSQL queries. Experience with Test Driven Development is an asset. Self-motivated and driven to meet long-term goals. Ability to independently manage time to meet project deadlines. Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work collaboratively with other team members. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Can operate under tight deadlines. Understanding Object-Relational Mappers such as Entity Framework. General cloud-computing concepts (AWS). Experience with microservice architectures. Absorb LMS, C#, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript, React, ASP.NET/Web API, SQL Server Work-life balance. Paid vacation. RRSP matching. Employer-paid benefits: health, dental, and vision. Professional development plans. Career progression/internal mobility opportunities. Inclusive work environment. Casual dress code. Volunteering opportunities. Company/team building events. Games room, meditation & yoga space, state-of-the-art workplace. This position is eligible for participation in Absorb’s bonus program as outlined in Absorb’s Bonus Program Policy. The successful candidate may be located remotely in Canada. In the event a current Absorb employee would like to apply for this role they will inform their supervisor prior to submitting their application. This position will be subject to pre-employment background screening, including a criminal record check. The successful candidate must be able to show proof of legal eligibility to work in Canada and/or the USA without sponsorship. Incomplete online applications will not be considered. Please note, this posting will close when a suitable candidate has been identified. 
ScrapedJobID1181:
Design and maintain Windows installers with a deep understanding of MSI sequences, ISCmdBld, and merge modules Design and maintain RHEL and RPM Linux packaging using CMake/CPack Design, manage and maintain tools to automate operational CI/CD processes used to deploy a variety of applications (Git, SVN, TeamCity, Gradle) Develop pipeline automation to quickly verify and validate product stability Develop tools and integrate new technologies to streamline the release process Maintain release tools and support release automation for different types of product releases (Windows, Linux, Docker, Kubernetes, Helm, etc.) Drive all end-game Release Engineer activity to ensure that the release milestones are met 3+ years of technical experience in a software development environment as an individual contributor in the related area Extended knowledge of scripting languages (Installscript, Java, Bash, PowerShell, Python, Groovy, etc.) Experience with Maven, Artifactory, Docker, Kubernetes, TeamCity, and OSS scanning tools such as Black Duck Superior analytical and problem-solving abilities; broad intellectual capacity to take on complex technical issues Excellent written and verbal communications skills; ability to provide clear guidance and instruction to others Demonstrated ability to get things done by being resourceful, building rapport, and seizing opportunities High EQ (Emotional Intelligence) guides how you motivate your team and resolve conflicts Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously, including resolving conflicts with competing priorities and tasks Operating System internals or low-level driver development Web/SaaS experience, C#, Java, JavaScript and working knowledge of network topology and REST APIs Use of Atlassian collaboration tools (Jira, Confluence) Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, or equivalent is a plus 
ScrapedJobID1182:
Updating Tableau with the latest Qt release and working with feature teams to help them adapt to changes in functionality they depend on. Sharing knowledge of Qt and consulting with Tableau teams implementing new-features. Debugging from Tableau’s C++ codebase into Qt source code, in our desktop products on Windows and Mac, and server products on Windows and Linux. Engaging with the open-source community and working to integrate Tableau’s Qt bug fixes back into mainline Qt. Driving automation and continuous integration for how Tableau builds and deploys third-party libraries. A Problem Solver. You recognize problems, gather input, design solutions, garner support, and implement solutions that affect multiple teams. A Strong Communicator. You’re comfortable talking about technical things at a high level, or discussing the fiddly details. A Navigator of Chaos. You can forge a path through legacy code, ambiguity, and multiple stakeholders. A True Team Player. You love working as part of a team. You enjoy collaborating with, learning from, and teaching others. People love working with you because you help them up their game. You are interested in building cross-platform applications, working with legacy code, and performance profiling. Our product is built with C++, Java, TypeScript, and C#; experience with an OO language is desired and experience with others is a plus. Technically Flexible. You're open to expanding your technological comfort zone to tackle a wide variety of problems in pursuit of improving our products. You are a Recruiter! Tableau hires company builders and in this role you will be asked to be on the constant lookout for the best talent to bring on board to help us continue to build one of the best companies in the world! You are a Recruiter! Tableau hires company builders and in this role you will be asked to be on the constant lookout for the best talent to bring on board to help us continue to build one of the best companies in the world! 
ScrapedJobID1183:
Collaborate with the Design team to create a vision for the player experience Write clear, performant, maintainable, portable code Design, develop, test, and implement 3C mechanics Accurately estimate effort and deliver high quality 3C mechanics Provide high quality code review feedback 5+ years experience developing 3C for AAA titles Deep experience and expertise in 3C (Characters, Camera, Controls) Excellent command of the C++ programming language Extensive experience working with large multi platform engines Initiative to push boundaries and an ambition to craft something outstanding Bonus points for Unreal Engine experience 
ScrapedJobID1184:
Work with a cross-functional team of 4-6 developers, a product manager, engineering manager and designer to develop customer facing features that simplify restaurant management and drive employee engagement Be involved in designing and implementing features from ideation to delivery to adoption Gravitate toward simplicity when collaborating on larger architectural visions Research, communicate and advocate for the use of best practices within your team’s domain Identify and prioritize tech debt and contribute to our engineering roadmap Help organize weekly dev meetings and share knowledge with the rest of the team Mentor and coach junior team mates, helping them elevate their skills and careers 5 or more years of software development experience, but if you’re awesome, we’re flexible Proven experience building robust & scalable web/app services Fluency with our core languages: JS and PHP Familiarity with relational databases, data modelling and SQL Experience with a SPA JS framework like Angular, ReactJS, Vue or EmberJS Strong understanding of software architecture and design Practice employing DDD (Domain Driven Design) and CQRS (Command Query Responsibility Separation) to manage coupling and define boundaries Experience with MySQL/Postgresql and Redis Familiarity with other programming languages like Ruby, Python, Kotlin, Java or Swift/Objective C Participate in quarterly hackathons and the occasional game jam, working with your peers to build anything from dashboards to poker bots and video games Employ DDD (Domain Driven Design) and the CQRS pattern (Command Query Responsibility Separation) to manage coupling and define team boundaries Learn from and share with your peers at our bi-weekly Dev Talks Explore different technologies: we’re pragmatic and use the right tool for the job. Kubernetes, Golang, RabbitMQ, GraphQL - our stack is always evolving Centrally located offices in Saskatoon, Toronto, and Hoboken for those who want to work in-person with their team Remote friendly for those who want to work from home (whether it be preference or pandemic related) Catered lunches every Friday from a beloved 7shifts customer (or a budget to order delivery when remote) Stock options (equity) in a VC-backed startup Benefits coverage from the start Flexible vacation Parental leave program Continuous professional development budget A culture that values authenticity, trust, curiosity, and diversity of thought 
ScrapedJobID1185:
405 Av. Ogilvy, Montréal, QC H3N 1M3, Canada Employees can work remotely Full-time Department: Design Location: Canada / Montreal Project: Dagger Establish and maintain workflow for the UI/UX department. Provide day-to-day feedback and creative problem solving. Ensure that the work of the team follows the quality standards, artistic direction, and deadlines of the game. Collaborate with artists, designers, and other disciplines to create an excellent and coherent user experience. Act as the primary point person on all user interface related topics. Drive UI designs from the concept phase throughout the iteration process up to highly polished final asset while working with UI art and the art director. Assist the engineering team with the implementation UI elements by providing initial prototypes. Ensure that game information is well conveyed through the various user interfaces. Ensure consistency in the UI/UX design from menus to in-game elements. Collaborate with outside user testing and develop a positive feedback loop. Ensure accessibility features are helping our game be as inclusive as possible. Minimum 3 years of UI/UX experience. At least 1 shipped AAA project. Strong expertise in design fundamentals and UI/UX design trends. Mastery of UX interaction and design principles and deliverables including rapid prototyping, flow diagrams, wireframes, experience maps and annotated comps. Good knowledge of the pipeline for motion design, UI animation and VFX. Ability to illustrate ideas and advocate them within the team. Strong understanding of color theory and how color affects mood & focal points Technical knowledge of UE4 and UMG Traditional art skills along with graphic design competencies (composition, layout, typography, and color/tone) Competitive salary Personal development opportunities and the possibility to work in a multicultural environment Working with highly-skilled, senior-level professionals Being part of a young organization and having a true impact on your daily work Opportunity to work on innovative, exciting AAA projects with the newest technologies An informal atmosphere, no dress code, no unwanted formalities 
ScrapedJobID1186:
Design, implement and maintain workflows for volumetric experiences in Unity. Work closely with a cross-discipline team and technical artists to provide highly productive authoring workflows in Unity. Design powerful and extensible APIs. Build and maintain production quality code for rendering, tools, and testing. Extensive experience with Unity, including proficiency in C# programming, rendering, artist tools and Unity workflows. Experience developing UI, tools and workflows with cloud backends and Unity. Understanding of DevOps including version control like Git, SVN and/or PlasticSCM, continuous integration (Jenkins etc), and development workflows. Performance-minded development, code profiling and optimization skills. Tight-knit collaboration and communication skills with the ability to adapt quickly to new technologies and tasks. Previous experience with a variety of concepts, practices, and procedures used in live TV & Broadcast. Experience with esports; casters, streamers and love for sports (soccer, basketball, football) A good grounding in the principles of customer/user experience design. 
ScrapedJobID1187:
Highly motivated and dynamic professionals Motivated designers with broad backgrounds and service mindset to be a consultant Professionals with ability to work both with in-house projects and on-site assignments at our customer’s locations Company Culture – outstanding people and a flexible work environment with lots of after work activities/groups! It’s so great, we even won an award for it! Work/Life Balance – 4 weeks holidays to start and work that stays at work! Career Growth Opportunities – being a design house keeps variety in your work. New opportunities happening all the time! Great Benefits – and, they start the same day you do… and, they include your family… and, the company matches your RRSP contributions! 
ScrapedJobID1188:
5+ years experience managing data warehouses, building ETL pipelines and integrating BI systems 1+ years experience leading data analysts and other engineers Experience with launching games and supporting LiveOps In-depth understanding of cloud datastores Scripting and coding expertise to integrate different systems Expertise in security and access controls Understanding of full stack software development and DevOps Familiarity with PlayFab or Firebase Knowledge of data science and machine learning techniques Working in Agile, Kanban, or similar project management methodologies Very competitive salary Excellent employee benefits + a health and wellness spend account Equity participation (you own a stake in what you’ll help make!) Unlimited paid vacation Remote / Work from home / Flexible hours Generous training & development allowance; ongoing Company events Dental care Extended health care Stock options Vision care Wellness program Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID1189:
Guide and grow a team of developers as a people manager as well as a tactical contributor and driver of success. Ensure the utilization of the appropriate web technologies to build user-friendly high-performance web applications on the front-end and back-end. Design, review, and oversee the implementation of web frameworks that deliver features to users. Perform performance analysis and security hardening of web applications and infrastructure Providing input for production/live release control process Communicate technical risks across the group Experience architecting and delivering innovative web projects leveraging modern web development best practices Passion for building and maintaining consumer-facing web applications that are secure, scalable, and highly available Deep knowledge of JavaScript or TypeScript and front-end frameworks like React Knowledge in functional programming is a big asset Experience with cloud technologies, preferably AWS cloud services Experience with database systems, both relational and NoSQL database 
ScrapedJobID1190:
Work with product, analyst, and design teams to craft customer-facing features. Design, implement, test, and maintain web UI and backend services Collaborate with other team members to maintain a high-quality codebase Lead personal project priorities, expectations, and results Comfortable in implementing complex front and backend features Proficient in the ReactJS or AngularJS framework Experience with one of the following languages (Golang, Java, Kotlin or Node.js) Experience with relational or document databases such as PostgreSQL or MongoDB Experience with ads technology, game monetization, or game analytics Experience building a project from scratch Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to mentor Travailler avec les équipes de produits, d'analystes et de conception pour créer des fonctionnalités destinées aux clients Concevoir, implémenter, tester et maintenir des services d'interface Web et dorsaux Collaborer avec le reste de l'équipe pour maintenir une base de code de la plus haute qualité Diriger les priorités, les attentes et les résultats des projets personnels Une aisance avec la mise en œuvre de caractéristiques complexes frontales et dorsales Une maîtrise des cadres de travail ReactJS ou AngularJS Une expérience dans l'un des langages suivants (Golang, Java, Kotlin ou Node.js) Une expérience avec des bases de données relationnelles ou documentaires telles que PostgreSQL ou MongoDB Une expérience de la technologie publicitaire, de la monétisation de jeux ou de l'analyse de jeux Une expérience de construction d'un projet à partir de zéro Une excellentes compétences interpersonnelles et capacité à encadrer 
ScrapedJobID1191:
Oversee internal and external technical projects and dependencies for Halo Infinite : ensure contingency plans are in place, recommend solutions, validate plans and timelines, and understand the overall impact on stakeholders Take ownership of various sub-teams of Halo Infinite's engineering team and support them to deliver on key milestones Interact with and manage various key internal and external stakeholder groups, using expert communication skills to foster strong and collaborative relationships Participate in high level planning with project managers and technical directors, while contributing regular updates on engineering efforts of key sub-teams Provide career management to your team through annual performance reviews, ongoing mentorship and feedback, and regular 1-on-1s Support the team directly by providing hands-on coding solutions to help solve complex problems or blockers when needed Be an active participant and driver of SkyBox culture of learning, development, and collaboration 10+ years of professional software engineering experience in the games industry At least 2 years' experience in a leadership role driving technical road maps and managing high performing engineering teams Experience shipping multiple game titles on PC and/or console Extensive experience programming in C++ Strong stakeholder management skills and experience communicating with technical and non-technical teams Experience providing career management to software engineers, with strong leadership skills and a desire to teach and mentor others Driven and self-motivated to produce results and lead technical initiatives Familiarity leading a team in the early stages of a growing project 
ScrapedJobID1192:
Communicate the project's editorial vision and engage your team on the evolution of deliverables; Voice the challenges, the observations, and make recommendations on behalf of the project's programming teams at the core team level; Create and continuously re-focus the technology strategy for your game; Work closely with game design and content creation to help them push to the limits of technology but not beyond; Lead the programming team to define what's possible. Look ahead at upcoming technology and plan for the future; Be ready to jump in at short notice to help understand and react coherently to any unforeseen issues; Oversee planning and staffing for your programming teams Train your programming leads to improve their management and strategic skills continuously; Act as a role model. You demonstrate care for people, express inclusive behaviours and foster a safe and respectful work environment; Be the safety net that allows your team to flourish; Build and leverage an inter-project network to facilitate collaboration across locations, departments, and disciplines. A minimum of 10 years experience in game programming; A minimum of 5 years experience managing a team of game programmers; Proficient in C++ and other programming languages commonly used in-game production; Participation in at least one complete game production as a team lead programmer, including experience submitting to 1st Parties (Sony, Microsoft, Nintendo, Google); Interest and experience in most aspects of game technology development (gameplay, AI, UI, animation, engine, 3D, audio, network and tools); Impeccable strategic leadership and communication skills; Remain calm when facing challenging situations (you know that there is always a solution); A deep understanding of video game production with the flexibility to see the perspectives of other game production disciplines. A hybrid, flexible work model Six weeks of vacation An enhanced parental leave program Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefits Package: Disability Insurance Dental Insurance Extended medical insurance (Optional) RRSP contribution Relocation Assistance Bonus (If Applicable) 
ScrapedJobID1193:
Work with the Core Leadership Team to understand the game vision and be the representative of said vision within your area of ownership; Work with Core Leadership and your cross-disciplinary UX team to build and communicate a shared vision of the desired User Experience of the game; Frequently communicate plans and progress with relevant teams spanning the project, including HQ and development teams in other worldwide locations. Partner with the User Research team to understand the player and use this intelligence to guide the direction and design decisions; Review the team’s work and provide clear and actionable feedback that refers back to the game vision, UX direction, and User Research data; Keep up to date on industry trends and best practices, while also looking beyond games in search of valuable insights. Participate in recruitment efforts with a view to building out an excellent UX team with a broad range of skills and experience; Leverage your experience build expertise in the studio by training and mentoring UX designers through the course of your daily interactions with them; You may be called to manage team members and thus have the responsibility to ensure each team member’s growth and success through setting goals and providing regular constructive feedback. This position will likely require some hands-on design and prototyping, especially in the early stages of the project; Collaborate with Programming, Art, Production, and QC teams during the design process to ensure designs are solid and feasible; Select the right tool for the job to ensure efficient process and communication. Know when to use low Vs high fidelity prototyping; Ensure the work of UX designers on the team is clear, well-thought-out and aligned with the established UX Direction. An undergraduate degree in Game Design, Human-Computer Interaction, Psychology, Computer Science, or other relevant education/work experience; Experience shipping games in a leadership position; Around 5 years of experience in UX Design; Understanding of fundamental UX principles and agile methodologies; A highly collaborative, creative, and innovative spirit; Excellent communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills; Ability to think holistically while building iteratively; A knack for translating analytical findings into actionable insights to inform decision-making; Consideration of the impact your choices have on end-users and creators; A passion for solving complex problems with design solutions and encouraging others to do the same. Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, skills, and any games shipped; A Portfolio of key projects if available. A hybrid, flexible work model Six weeks of vacation An enhanced parental leave program Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefits Package Disability Insurance Dental Insurance Extended medical insurance (Optional) RRSP contribution Relocation Assistance Bonus (If Applicable) 
ScrapedJobID1194:
Help advance Unreal Engine to improve the iOS game development experience for hundreds of developers at Epic and thousands of Unreal Engine subscribers around the world Optimise C++ workflows and content-wrangling pipelines Make significant improvements to the workflow for professional developers making high-end mobile games using Unreal Engine Work with our partners to bring the latest mobile technologies to Unreal Engine Optimise and problem solving to help ship Epic's internal mobile titles Improving workflow and user experience Extensive experience with C++ Excellent understanding of the iOS platform ecosystem Professional game or engine development experience on mobile Experience using mobile toolchains, build systems, development tools and platform APIs Experience working on platform-level systems such as I/O, input handling, memory management, patching, deployment, third-party libraries, and framework integration, etc Exposure to mobile rendering and mobile GPU implementations in modern mobile devices You're user-focused, passionate, scrappy, solutions-focused, and innovative. These traits equal success at Epic and influence everything we do. 
ScrapedJobID1195:
Design, implement and maintain workflows for volumetric experiences in Unity. Work closely with a cross-discipline team and technical artists to provide highly productive authoring workflows in Unity. Design powerful and extensible APIs. Build and maintain production quality code for rendering, tools, and testing. Extensive experience with Unity, including proficiency in C# programming, rendering, artist tools and Unity workflows. Experience developing UI, tools and workflows with cloud backends and Unity. Understanding of DevOps including version control like Git, SVN and/or PlasticSCM, continuous integration (Jenkins etc), and development workflows. Performance-minded development, code profiling and optimization skills. Tight-knit collaboration and communication skills with the ability to adapt quickly to new technologies and tasks. Previous experience with a variety of concepts, practices, and procedures used in live TV & Broadcast. Experience with esports; casters, streamers and love for sports (soccer, basketball, football) A good grounding in the principles of customer/user experience design. Concevoir, mettre en œuvre et assurer la maintenance des processus de travail pour les expériences volumétriques dans Unity Travailler en étroite collaboration avec une équipe interdisciplinaire et des artistes techniques pour assurer des processus de création hautement productifs dans Unity Concevoir des API performantes et extensibles Écrire et maintenir un code de qualité de production pour le rendu, les outils et les tests Une expérience approfondie de Unity, notamment une maîtrise de la programmation C#, des outils de rendu, des outils d'artistes et des processus de Unity Une expérience dans le développement des interfaces utilisateur, des outils et des flux de travail avec les back-ends du nuage et Unity Une compréhension de la méthode DevOps, notamment du contrôle des versions comme Git, SVN et/ou PlasticSCM, de l'intégration continue (Jenkins, etc.) et des processus de développement Des compétences en optimisation et profilage de code, et en développement axé sur la performance Une aptitude à la collaboration et à la communication sans faille, avec la capacité de s'adapter rapidement aux nouvelles technologies et tâches Une expérience préalable des divers concepts, pratiques et procédures utilisés dans le secteur de la télévision et de la radiodiffusion en direct Une expérience dans le domaine des sports électroniques, des diffuseurs, des diffuseurs en continu et une passion pour le sport (soccer, basketball ou football) Une bonne connaissance des principes de la conception des expériences client et utilisateur 
ScrapedJobID1196:
You are curious, you love learning, sharing ideas, and tackling problems. You have a natural inclination for shipping and iterating at high velocity. You can step back and appreciate the value of recognizing a mistake. You care. About ideas, solving hard problems, and about our team’s success. You have a strong comprehension of the SaaS development lifecycle. You are passionate about strong architecture. You are obsessive about the quality of your work (and the work of your teammates). You have autonomy in your ability to manage and prioritize your tasks, with an innate ability to shift gears when required. You are a sponge when it comes to learning, and excel even when outside your comfort zone. You have strong software design skills and are open to receive feedback and iterate collaboratively over your designs. Achieve a deep understanding of the problems we’re tackling, our business model, and our product. Develop software solutions by studying information needs; conferring with stakeholders; studying systems flow, data usage, and work processes; investigating problem areas; following the software development lifecycle. Familiarize yourself with our technology architecture - Currently, microservices on a modern C# / .NET async/await stack, REST APIs, Javascript/TypeScript, MySQL, Elasticsearch, SASS, much ado about caching, AWS, and even some leftover PHP (which is on the way out) Continuously ship new features for our applications, helping with the bridge between the backend and frontend, stopping by middleware along the way ;) Determine operational feasibility by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development, and proposed solutions. Document and demonstrate solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments, and clear code. Improve operations by conducting analysis and recommending changes in processes. Stay up-to-date with state-of-the-art development tools, programming techniques, and computing equipment. Participate in educational opportunities, reading professional publications, and maintaining personal networks to stay on the leading edge of development practices. Protect operations by keeping information confidential and provide a secure coding methodology. Support and mentor software engineers by providing advice, coaching, and educational opportunities. Follow and improve company coding standards, and coach junior and mid-level engineers to follow them. Collaborate with the team to brainstorm and create new products and features and provide ETAs. Make informed decisions quickly and take ownership of services and applications at scale. Top benefits package including 100% extended health and dental. Games at lunch are a tradition. All required work from home equipment will be provided. 80% coverage for transit subsidy (for those interested in returning to the office) Annual training and professional development coverage to help advance your career. Spotify premium account with actual recording studio-grade headphones. 
ScrapedJobID1197:
A bachelor's degree in computer science or computer engineering A minimum of 8 years of software development experience A minimum of 3 years experience in managing a team of programmers (task distribution, performance evaluation, etc.) A good command of different programming languages (C ++, C #, SQL, WPF and others) Excellent communication and strategic leadership skills The ability to stay calm in difficult situations (you know there is always a solution) The ability to put yourself in the shoes of other trades and users of your systems Strong interest in the video game production process Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID1198:
Strong knowledge of Soccer Strong knowledge of Soccer related video games Self-starter with a strong work ethic, able to meet responsibilities without constant supervision Capable of understanding complex features/systems and how it applies to the product Strong written and verbal communication skills Detail-oriented with strong observational skills Ability to take ownership of assigned tasks and features Proficient in PC use and current generation video game consoles Flexible and team-oriented Should have a good interpersonal and follow-up skills and the ability to manage multiple projects and tasks Ability to work in group settings under high-pressure Assessing and improving game play mechanics Find and report bugs/issues to Development Maintain the Quality Assurance pipeline from discovery through a fix to regression verification Create and follow Test Plans and Verifications Provide Qualitative feedback regarding the product Follow up with development and testing partners to ensure bugs are being logged and resolved Maintain Bug Database in DevTrack Free and confidential mental health services Company lead training WFH options during the pandemic Dog friendly environment (That's right, you can bring your dog to work!) Indoor basketball court, outdoor basketball court, soccer field, volleyball court Community garden 2 dog parks Easy transit access Free on-site parking for staff and visitors 
ScrapedJobID1199:
Participer à la conception, au développement et au déploiement du site internet d'Audiokinetic et du Wwise Launcher. Améliorer les performances des applications. Consolider les tests automatisés. Prendre part au support des systèmes en production. Au moins sept (7) ans d'expérience en développement web. ReactJS n'a plus de secret pour vous. Vous avez de solides connaissances en technologies frontaux (front-end). Joueur.euse d'équipe, vous êtes à l'aise avec les processus de co-création Vous êtes toujours en quête de nouveauté et adorez apprendre des autres. Vous vous exprimez parfaitement à l'oral et à l'écrit en français comme en anglais. Get involved in the conception, development and deployment of the Audiokinetic website and Wwise Launcher. Improve application performances. Strengthen automated tests. Participate in production systems maintenance and support. At least seven (7) years of experience as a web developer. ReactJS no longer has secrets for you. You have strong knowledge of front-end technologies. Great team player, you are comfortable with co-creation processes. Lifelong learner, you are constantly teaching yourself new things and you love learning from others. Excellent written and verbal communication skills in French and English. 
ScrapedJobID1200:
Contribute, design, implement, test, and improve the SDK and Unity Editor integrations Learn and collaborate with other team members to ensure high-quality product delivery that brings the best experience to game developers and gamers Write high-quality and scalable code that supports the existing and future functionality of the product At least 3 years of C# programming experience Experience with Unity Experience with writing and maintaining efficient code at scale A curiosity about the Blockchain space, wallets, minting and cryptocurrencies Contribuer, concevoir, mettre en œuvre, tester et améliorer le SDK NFT et les intégrations de l'éditeur Unity Collaborer avec les membres de votre équipe pour apprendre et assurer la livraison de produits de haute qualité, qui offrent la meilleure expérience aux développeur(euse)s de jeux et aux joueurs Rédiger du code évolutif de grande qualité qui prend en charge les fonctionnalités actuelles et futures des produits Au moins 3 ans d'expérience en programmation en langage C# Une expérience avec Unity Une expérience en matière de rédaction et de maintien d'un code efficace à l'échelle Une curiosité au sujet de la thématique de la chaîne de blocs, des portefeuilles, de la frappe de monnaie et des cryptomonnaies (Bitcoin, Ethereum) 
ScrapedJobID1201:
Build an inspiring game vision and help champion that vision to other team members. Design, implement, tune, and balance game systems, economies, and progression. Solve game design problems that are worth solving; synthesize Game Mechanics, Theme, Monetization Strategies, and Social Features into an integrated product. Foster creative and scalable design solutions, improving the quality of the product and efficiency of the team. Work collaboratively with Producers, Designers, Product Managers, Engineers, Analysts, and cross-functional teams to facilitate well planned and executed features. Create design docs, drawings, diagrams, flowcharts, and any other necessary documents to communicate design functionality and vision Build Blockchain mobile, PC & web games that the world loves to play. Be a constant student of evolving game dynamics, emerging player behavior and trends, and champion these insights to improve effectiveness of design efforts. 7+ years of Game Design experience in PC, Web & Mobile free-to-play games. Strong verbal and written communication skills and ability to organized game design workflow from initial concept to final release and post-release support. An ability to embrace an environment that iterates constantly. Capable of wrapping your head around the challenges and opportunities inherent in blockchain technology. Strong analytical abilities and able to synthesize game systems and mechanics to improve game features and systems. Strong exposure and confidence in identifying and analyzing KPIs then providing action items to ensure the sustainability of your game from a revenue and growth perspective. Experience with all aspects of game design discipline: concept, game progression, interface, monetization, and retention. Pride in creating a high-quality, addictive and social game feature-sets Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience with an emphasis on game design, economics, math, or psychology. Spreadsheet wizardry. Experience with Sport Games a plus. 
ScrapedJobID1202:
Automate and maintain a continuous integration and deployment process. Work closely with developers to implement automation strategies. Implement a system to automate daily reports on the status of compilations, computers, unit tests and any other information needed by the teams. Document and monitor all automation processes. Support, advise and consult teams on automation and optimization of tasks. Troubleshoot issues, and define reproducible steps. A bachelor in computer science or engineering or any related field. 5+ years of proven experience as a Build Automation Developer or similar roles. 3+ years experience with monitoring, automated testing using Jenkins environment. 3+ years experience with DVCS like Git, Mercurial, and remote site like Bitbucket and Github. 3+ years experience with automated deployments and scripting to manage platform configurations. 3+years experience in Python, Windows, Docker, AWS. 2+ years in gaming, multimedia, middleware, and/or web services industry. Proven experience building an automation framework for desktop & cloud products. Experience with automated deployments and scripting to manage platform configurations. Knowledge and experience in DevOps: Continuous Integration, Continuous Delivery & Continuous Deployment, Observability, Reliability, Deployment strategies, etc. Demonstrated effective analytical & troubleshooting skills. Have a high sense of responsibilities and be solution-oriented. Strong written and verbal communication skills in both English and French. Strong work ethics with a positive attitude. Ability to work as a strong team player in a remote team. Strong knowledge and experience in SDLC methodologies. Experience with automated deployments and scripting to manage platform configurations. Knowledge and experience with Atlassian and G Suite tools. Creative problem-solving capabilities. Start-up Experience. 
ScrapedJobID1203:
Learn and understand features of the Veeva Vault platform and applications Collaborate with Developer, Product Owners, DevOps, and other QA teams to ensure the highest quality of the product by implementing automation-focused solutions. Perform automation feasibility analysis of assigned test cases Develop and maintain automated test scripts (API & UI) for functional regression coverage Work on CI/CD tools (Git, Jenkins, Kibana, JIRA) on a daily basis Identify areas of improvement for automation strategies and framework Participate actively in functional, system, integration, and regression testing activities Provide technical mentorship to junior team members including code reviews 6+ years of experience in software test automation Strong experience in Java, Object-Oriented Methodologies Extensive experience with automated API & UI test frameworks (e.g. Cucumber, Selenium, TestNG) Good working knowledge with CI/CD and continuous testing approach using tools such as Git, Jenkins, and Maven Experience testing software applications built on a common platform Good understanding of modern best practices for software development like design patterns, code reusability, extensibility, and maintainability Strong verbal and written communication skills Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent Experience working in Unix/Linux and AWS environments Experience with Atlassian products such as Jira and Confluence Knowledge of Pharma Live Sciences and Health Care Industry Conveniently located in downtown Toronto Snacks, beverages, and weekly lunches from local restaurants Team events and rec league sports teams Allocations for continuous learning & development Health & wellness programs Weekly yoga classes Ping pong and other games 
ScrapedJobID1204:
Work with product, analyst, and design teams to craft customer-facing features. Design, implement, test, and maintain web UI and backend services Collaborate with other team members to maintain a high-quality codebase Lead personal project priorities, expectations, and results Comfortable in implementing complex front and backend features Proficient in the ReactJS or AngularJS framework Experience with one of the following languages (Golang, Java, Kotlin or Node.js) Experience with relational or document databases such as PostgreSQL or MongoDB Experience with ads technology, game monetization, or game analytics Experience building a project from scratch Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to mentor Travailler avec les équipes de produits, d'analystes et de conception pour créer des fonctionnalités destinées aux clients Concevoir, implémenter, tester et maintenir des services d'interface Web et dorsaux Collaborer avec le reste de l'équipe pour maintenir une base de code de la plus haute qualité Diriger les priorités, les attentes et les résultats des projets personnels Une aisance avec la mise en œuvre de caractéristiques complexes frontales et dorsales Une maîtrise des cadres de travail ReactJS ou AngularJS Une expérience dans l'un des langages suivants (Golang, Java, Kotlin ou Node.js) Une expérience avec des bases de données relationnelles ou documentaires telles que PostgreSQL ou MongoDB Une expérience de la technologie publicitaire, de la monétisation de jeux ou de l'analyse de jeux Une expérience de construction d'un projet à partir de zéro Une excellentes compétences interpersonnelles et capacité à encadrer 
ScrapedJobID1205:
Oversee internal and external technical projects and dependencies for Halo Infinite : ensure contingency plans are in place, recommend solutions, validate plans and timelines, and understand the overall impact on stakeholders Take ownership of various sub-teams of Halo Infinite's engineering team and support them to deliver on key milestones Interact with and manage various key internal and external stakeholder groups, using expert communication skills to foster strong and collaborative relationships Participate in high level planning with project managers and technical directors, while contributing regular updates on engineering efforts of key sub-teams Provide career management to your team through annual performance reviews, ongoing mentorship and feedback, and regular 1-on-1s Support the team directly by providing hands-on coding solutions to help solve complex problems or blockers when needed Be an active participant and driver of SkyBox culture of learning, development, and collaboration 10+ years of professional software engineering experience in the games industry At least 2 years' experience in a leadership role driving technical road maps and managing high performing engineering teams Experience shipping multiple game titles on PC and/or console Extensive experience programming in C++ Strong stakeholder management skills and experience communicating with technical and non-technical teams Experience providing career management to software engineers, with strong leadership skills and a desire to teach and mentor others Driven and self-motivated to produce results and lead technical initiatives Familiarity leading a team in the early stages of a growing project 
ScrapedJobID1206:
Communicate the project's editorial vision and engage your team on the evolution of deliverables; Voice the challenges, the observations, and make recommendations on behalf of the project's programming teams at the core team level; Create and continuously re-focus the technology strategy for your game; Work closely with game design and content creation to help them push to the limits of technology but not beyond; Lead the programming team to define what's possible. Look ahead at upcoming technology and plan for the future; Be ready to jump in at short notice to help understand and react coherently to any unforeseen issues; Oversee planning and staffing for your programming teams Train your programming leads to improve their management and strategic skills continuously; Act as a role model. You demonstrate care for people, express inclusive behaviours and foster a safe and respectful work environment; Be the safety net that allows your team to flourish; Build and leverage an inter-project network to facilitate collaboration across locations, departments, and disciplines. A minimum of 10 years experience in game programming; A minimum of 5 years experience managing a team of game programmers; Proficient in C++ and other programming languages commonly used in-game production; Participation in at least one complete game production as a team lead programmer, including experience submitting to 1st Parties (Sony, Microsoft, Nintendo, Google); Interest and experience in most aspects of game technology development (gameplay, AI, UI, animation, engine, 3D, audio, network and tools); Impeccable strategic leadership and communication skills; Remain calm when facing challenging situations (you know that there is always a solution); A deep understanding of video game production with the flexibility to see the perspectives of other game production disciplines. A hybrid, flexible work model Six weeks of vacation An enhanced parental leave program Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefits Package: Disability Insurance Dental Insurance Extended medical insurance (Optional) RRSP contribution Relocation Assistance Bonus (If Applicable) 
ScrapedJobID1207:
Work with the Core Leadership Team to understand the game vision and be the representative of said vision within your area of ownership; Work with Core Leadership and your cross-disciplinary UX team to build and communicate a shared vision of the desired User Experience of the game; Frequently communicate plans and progress with relevant teams spanning the project, including HQ and development teams in other worldwide locations. Partner with the User Research team to understand the player and use this intelligence to guide the direction and design decisions; Review the team’s work and provide clear and actionable feedback that refers back to the game vision, UX direction, and User Research data; Keep up to date on industry trends and best practices, while also looking beyond games in search of valuable insights. Participate in recruitment efforts with a view to building out an excellent UX team with a broad range of skills and experience; Leverage your experience build expertise in the studio by training and mentoring UX designers through the course of your daily interactions with them; You may be called to manage team members and thus have the responsibility to ensure each team member’s growth and success through setting goals and providing regular constructive feedback. This position will likely require some hands-on design and prototyping, especially in the early stages of the project; Collaborate with Programming, Art, Production, and QC teams during the design process to ensure designs are solid and feasible; Select the right tool for the job to ensure efficient process and communication. Know when to use low Vs high fidelity prototyping; Ensure the work of UX designers on the team is clear, well-thought-out and aligned with the established UX Direction. An undergraduate degree in Game Design, Human-Computer Interaction, Psychology, Computer Science, or other relevant education/work experience; Experience shipping games in a leadership position; Around 5 years of experience in UX Design; Understanding of fundamental UX principles and agile methodologies; A highly collaborative, creative, and innovative spirit; Excellent communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills; Ability to think holistically while building iteratively; A knack for translating analytical findings into actionable insights to inform decision-making; Consideration of the impact your choices have on end-users and creators; A passion for solving complex problems with design solutions and encouraging others to do the same. Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, skills, and any games shipped; A Portfolio of key projects if available. A hybrid, flexible work model Six weeks of vacation An enhanced parental leave program Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefits Package Disability Insurance Dental Insurance Extended medical insurance (Optional) RRSP contribution Relocation Assistance Bonus (If Applicable) 
ScrapedJobID1208:
Help advance Unreal Engine to improve the iOS game development experience for hundreds of developers at Epic and thousands of Unreal Engine subscribers around the world Optimise C++ workflows and content-wrangling pipelines Make significant improvements to the workflow for professional developers making high-end mobile games using Unreal Engine Work with our partners to bring the latest mobile technologies to Unreal Engine Optimise and problem solving to help ship Epic's internal mobile titles Improving workflow and user experience Extensive experience with C++ Excellent understanding of the iOS platform ecosystem Professional game or engine development experience on mobile Experience using mobile toolchains, build systems, development tools and platform APIs Experience working on platform-level systems such as I/O, input handling, memory management, patching, deployment, third-party libraries, and framework integration, etc Exposure to mobile rendering and mobile GPU implementations in modern mobile devices You're user-focused, passionate, scrappy, solutions-focused, and innovative. These traits equal success at Epic and influence everything we do. 
ScrapedJobID1209:
Develop frontend UI components, using React, for key systems such as screen flow, menu architecture, event systems, match-making and lobby UI, and in-game 2D heads-up display Work closely with UI artists and designers to implement mockups as working components using CSS Interact with other engineers to improve the whole technical team and process Assess requirements and provide effort estimates to guide an evolving development plan Embrace and help improve our engineering practices for solid design, testing, and implementation 3+ years of proven web development experience with React. Experience with React Hooks Strong familiarity with CSS3 for layout and styling Self direction and a proven ability to thrive in a highly dynamic environment Strong interdisciplinary collaboration skills, including verbal and written skills Ability to work with an existing code base. Experience with Typescript Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent Understanding of modern C++ Experience shipping AAA games Demonstrated passion for games and technology Experience with Unity 3D, Unreal, or other similar full-featured game engine. 
ScrapedJobID1210:
Design, implement and maintain workflows for volumetric experiences in Unity. Work closely with a cross-discipline team and technical artists to provide highly productive authoring workflows in Unity. Design powerful and extensible APIs. Build and maintain production quality code for rendering, tools, and testing. Extensive experience with Unity, including proficiency in C# programming, rendering, artist tools and Unity workflows. Experience developing UI, tools and workflows with cloud backends and Unity. Understanding of DevOps including version control like Git, SVN and/or PlasticSCM, continuous integration (Jenkins etc), and development workflows. Performance-minded development, code profiling and optimization skills. Tight-knit collaboration and communication skills with the ability to adapt quickly to new technologies and tasks. Previous experience with a variety of concepts, practices, and procedures used in live TV & Broadcast. Experience with esports; casters, streamers and love for sports (soccer, basketball, football) A good grounding in the principles of customer/user experience design. Concevoir, mettre en œuvre et assurer la maintenance des processus de travail pour les expériences volumétriques dans Unity Travailler en étroite collaboration avec une équipe interdisciplinaire et des artistes techniques pour assurer des processus de création hautement productifs dans Unity Concevoir des API performantes et extensibles Écrire et maintenir un code de qualité de production pour le rendu, les outils et les tests Une expérience approfondie de Unity, notamment une maîtrise de la programmation C#, des outils de rendu, des outils d'artistes et des processus de Unity Une expérience dans le développement des interfaces utilisateur, des outils et des flux de travail avec les back-ends du nuage et Unity Une compréhension de la méthode DevOps, notamment du contrôle des versions comme Git, SVN et/ou PlasticSCM, de l'intégration continue (Jenkins, etc.) et des processus de développement Des compétences en optimisation et profilage de code, et en développement axé sur la performance Une aptitude à la collaboration et à la communication sans faille, avec la capacité de s'adapter rapidement aux nouvelles technologies et tâches Une expérience préalable des divers concepts, pratiques et procédures utilisés dans le secteur de la télévision et de la radiodiffusion en direct Une expérience dans le domaine des sports électroniques, des diffuseurs, des diffuseurs en continu et une passion pour le sport (soccer, basketball ou football) Une bonne connaissance des principes de la conception des expériences client et utilisateur 
ScrapedJobID1211:
You are curious, you love learning, sharing ideas, and tackling problems. You have a natural inclination for shipping and iterating at high velocity. You can step back and appreciate the value of recognizing a mistake. You care. About ideas, solving hard problems, and about our team’s success. You have a strong comprehension of the SaaS development lifecycle. You are passionate about strong architecture. You are obsessive about the quality of your work (and the work of your teammates). You have autonomy in your ability to manage and prioritize your tasks, with an innate ability to shift gears when required. You are a sponge when it comes to learning, and excel even when outside your comfort zone. You have strong software design skills and are open to receive feedback and iterate collaboratively over your designs. Achieve a deep understanding of the problems we’re tackling, our business model, and our product. Develop software solutions by studying information needs; conferring with stakeholders; studying systems flow, data usage, and work processes; investigating problem areas; following the software development lifecycle. Familiarize yourself with our technology architecture - Currently, microservices on a modern C# / .NET async/await stack, REST APIs, Javascript/TypeScript, MySQL, Elasticsearch, SASS, much ado about caching, AWS, and even some leftover PHP (which is on the way out) Continuously ship new features for our applications, helping with the bridge between the backend and frontend, stopping by middleware along the way ;) Determine operational feasibility by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development, and proposed solutions. Document and demonstrate solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments, and clear code. Improve operations by conducting analysis and recommending changes in processes. Stay up-to-date with state-of-the-art development tools, programming techniques, and computing equipment. Participate in educational opportunities, reading professional publications, and maintaining personal networks to stay on the leading edge of development practices. Protect operations by keeping information confidential and provide a secure coding methodology. Support and mentor software engineers by providing advice, coaching, and educational opportunities. Follow and improve company coding standards, and coach junior and mid-level engineers to follow them. Collaborate with the team to brainstorm and create new products and features and provide ETAs. Make informed decisions quickly and take ownership of services and applications at scale. Top benefits package including 100% extended health and dental. Games at lunch are a tradition. All required work from home equipment will be provided. 80% coverage for transit subsidy (for those interested in returning to the office) Annual training and professional development coverage to help advance your career. Spotify premium account with actual recording studio-grade headphones. 
ScrapedJobID1212:
A bachelor's degree in computer science or computer engineering A minimum of 8 years of software development experience A minimum of 3 years experience in managing a team of programmers (task distribution, performance evaluation, etc.) A good command of different programming languages (C ++, C #, SQL, WPF and others) Excellent communication and strategic leadership skills The ability to stay calm in difficult situations (you know there is always a solution) The ability to put yourself in the shoes of other trades and users of your systems Strong interest in the video game production process Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID1213:
Strong knowledge of Soccer Strong knowledge of Soccer related video games Self-starter with a strong work ethic, able to meet responsibilities without constant supervision Capable of understanding complex features/systems and how it applies to the product Strong written and verbal communication skills Detail-oriented with strong observational skills Ability to take ownership of assigned tasks and features Proficient in PC use and current generation video game consoles Flexible and team-oriented Should have a good interpersonal and follow-up skills and the ability to manage multiple projects and tasks Ability to work in group settings under high-pressure Assessing and improving game play mechanics Find and report bugs/issues to Development Maintain the Quality Assurance pipeline from discovery through a fix to regression verification Create and follow Test Plans and Verifications Provide Qualitative feedback regarding the product Follow up with development and testing partners to ensure bugs are being logged and resolved Maintain Bug Database in DevTrack Free and confidential mental health services Company lead training WFH options during the pandemic Dog friendly environment (That's right, you can bring your dog to work!) Indoor basketball court, outdoor basketball court, soccer field, volleyball court Community garden 2 dog parks Easy transit access Free on-site parking for staff and visitors 
ScrapedJobID1214:
Participer à la conception, au développement et au déploiement du site internet d'Audiokinetic et du Wwise Launcher. Améliorer les performances des applications. Consolider les tests automatisés. Prendre part au support des systèmes en production. Au moins sept (7) ans d'expérience en développement web. ReactJS n'a plus de secret pour vous. Vous avez de solides connaissances en technologies frontaux (front-end). Joueur.euse d'équipe, vous êtes à l'aise avec les processus de co-création Vous êtes toujours en quête de nouveauté et adorez apprendre des autres. Vous vous exprimez parfaitement à l'oral et à l'écrit en français comme en anglais. Get involved in the conception, development and deployment of the Audiokinetic website and Wwise Launcher. Improve application performances. Strengthen automated tests. Participate in production systems maintenance and support. At least seven (7) years of experience as a web developer. ReactJS no longer has secrets for you. You have strong knowledge of front-end technologies. Great team player, you are comfortable with co-creation processes. Lifelong learner, you are constantly teaching yourself new things and you love learning from others. Excellent written and verbal communication skills in French and English. 
ScrapedJobID1215:
Contribute, design, implement, test, and improve the SDK and Unity Editor integrations Learn and collaborate with other team members to ensure high-quality product delivery that brings the best experience to game developers and gamers Write high-quality and scalable code that supports the existing and future functionality of the product At least 3 years of C# programming experience Experience with Unity Experience with writing and maintaining efficient code at scale A curiosity about the Blockchain space, wallets, minting and cryptocurrencies Contribuer, concevoir, mettre en œuvre, tester et améliorer le SDK NFT et les intégrations de l'éditeur Unity Collaborer avec les membres de votre équipe pour apprendre et assurer la livraison de produits de haute qualité, qui offrent la meilleure expérience aux développeur(euse)s de jeux et aux joueurs Rédiger du code évolutif de grande qualité qui prend en charge les fonctionnalités actuelles et futures des produits Au moins 3 ans d'expérience en programmation en langage C# Une expérience avec Unity Une expérience en matière de rédaction et de maintien d'un code efficace à l'échelle Une curiosité au sujet de la thématique de la chaîne de blocs, des portefeuilles, de la frappe de monnaie et des cryptomonnaies (Bitcoin, Ethereum) 
ScrapedJobID1216:
Build an inspiring game vision and help champion that vision to other team members. Design, implement, tune, and balance game systems, economies, and progression. Solve game design problems that are worth solving; synthesize Game Mechanics, Theme, Monetization Strategies, and Social Features into an integrated product. Foster creative and scalable design solutions, improving the quality of the product and efficiency of the team. Work collaboratively with Producers, Designers, Product Managers, Engineers, Analysts, and cross-functional teams to facilitate well planned and executed features. Create design docs, drawings, diagrams, flowcharts, and any other necessary documents to communicate design functionality and vision Build Blockchain mobile, PC & web games that the world loves to play. Be a constant student of evolving game dynamics, emerging player behavior and trends, and champion these insights to improve effectiveness of design efforts. 7+ years of Game Design experience in PC, Web & Mobile free-to-play games. Strong verbal and written communication skills and ability to organized game design workflow from initial concept to final release and post-release support. An ability to embrace an environment that iterates constantly. Capable of wrapping your head around the challenges and opportunities inherent in blockchain technology. Strong analytical abilities and able to synthesize game systems and mechanics to improve game features and systems. Strong exposure and confidence in identifying and analyzing KPIs then providing action items to ensure the sustainability of your game from a revenue and growth perspective. Experience with all aspects of game design discipline: concept, game progression, interface, monetization, and retention. Pride in creating a high-quality, addictive and social game feature-sets Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience with an emphasis on game design, economics, math, or psychology. Spreadsheet wizardry. Experience with Sport Games a plus. 
ScrapedJobID1217:
Automate and maintain a continuous integration and deployment process. Work closely with developers to implement automation strategies. Implement a system to automate daily reports on the status of compilations, computers, unit tests and any other information needed by the teams. Document and monitor all automation processes. Support, advise and consult teams on automation and optimization of tasks. Troubleshoot issues, and define reproducible steps. A bachelor in computer science or engineering or any related field. 5+ years of proven experience as a Build Automation Developer or similar roles. 3+ years experience with monitoring, automated testing using Jenkins environment. 3+ years experience with DVCS like Git, Mercurial, and remote site like Bitbucket and Github. 3+ years experience with automated deployments and scripting to manage platform configurations. 3+years experience in Python, Windows, Docker, AWS. 2+ years in gaming, multimedia, middleware, and/or web services industry. Proven experience building an automation framework for desktop & cloud products. Experience with automated deployments and scripting to manage platform configurations. Knowledge and experience in DevOps: Continuous Integration, Continuous Delivery & Continuous Deployment, Observability, Reliability, Deployment strategies, etc. Demonstrated effective analytical & troubleshooting skills. Have a high sense of responsibilities and be solution-oriented. Strong written and verbal communication skills in both English and French. Strong work ethics with a positive attitude. Ability to work as a strong team player in a remote team. Strong knowledge and experience in SDLC methodologies. Experience with automated deployments and scripting to manage platform configurations. Knowledge and experience with Atlassian and G Suite tools. Creative problem-solving capabilities. Start-up Experience. 
ScrapedJobID1218:
Learn and understand features of the Veeva Vault platform and applications Collaborate with Developer, Product Owners, DevOps, and other QA teams to ensure the highest quality of the product by implementing automation-focused solutions. Perform automation feasibility analysis of assigned test cases Develop and maintain automated test scripts (API & UI) for functional regression coverage Work on CI/CD tools (Git, Jenkins, Kibana, JIRA) on a daily basis Identify areas of improvement for automation strategies and framework Participate actively in functional, system, integration, and regression testing activities Provide technical mentorship to junior team members including code reviews 6+ years of experience in software test automation Strong experience in Java, Object-Oriented Methodologies Extensive experience with automated API & UI test frameworks (e.g. Cucumber, Selenium, TestNG) Good working knowledge with CI/CD and continuous testing approach using tools such as Git, Jenkins, and Maven Experience testing software applications built on a common platform Good understanding of modern best practices for software development like design patterns, code reusability, extensibility, and maintainability Strong verbal and written communication skills Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent Experience working in Unix/Linux and AWS environments Experience with Atlassian products such as Jira and Confluence Knowledge of Pharma Live Sciences and Health Care Industry Conveniently located in downtown Toronto Snacks, beverages, and weekly lunches from local restaurants Team events and rec league sports teams Allocations for continuous learning & development Health & wellness programs Weekly yoga classes Ping pong and other games 
ScrapedJobID1219:
As a key team member, you will help to scope, plan, and execute mobile application development. Collaborate with stakeholders and team members to iterate on solutions and to continually deliver value to our clients. Improve the application delivery process using automation and writing testable software. Contribute to solutions for new and interesting problems, which often involve spatiotemporal components. Participate in the product testing and peer review process. Develop yourself personally and professionally by actively setting and achieving ambitious goals. Impact Lim Geomatics' growth by developing great mobile applications and solutions. Comfortable with Agile development practices, working in small teams running modern dev ops. You have 4 or more years of mobile development experience. Cross-platform mobile development, C# and .NET knowledge, and Xamarin experience would be an asset. Experience with development environments on both Windows and MacOS. Experience with Esri technology and mapping solutions would be an asset. Experience with SQL and database technologies. Experience using peripheral sensors (GPS, Camera, Bluetooth, Motion) and their data would be an asset. Able to manage a workload that may touch on a few different applications any given week. You can independently research and implement solutions to complex problems. 
ScrapedJobID1220:
Amazon Web Services. For example: VPC, EC2, S3, SQS, ELB Experience with Containerization (Docker, Kubernetes) Server Maintenance (Linux) Scripting (Python, Shell) Familiar with Databases. We use MySQL, PostgreSQL, Redis, DynamoDB, and ScyllaDB. Familiar with Continuous Integration. We use Github Actions and Jenkins. Experience with a Configuration Management technology like CloudFormation, Puppet, or Ansible. System monitoring and performance tuning Git and GitHub workflow 3+ years of related work experience Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or similar discipline Familiar with load-balancers and auto-scaling Excited about new technologies and emerging industry trends (containerization, cloud-native, DevOps automation) Be comfortable in a team environment but also able to be an independent worker Available to respond to rare after-hours incidents (system outages, security updates, systems upgrades, or systems failures) At Showbie be 100% yourself. We like it that way. We welcome all team members (and candidates) and celebrate your diverse voice. Regardless of race, gender, orientation, sexual identity, economic class, ability, disability, age, religious belief, or status, we want to meet you! The autonomy to make decisions and execute them. We're growing, but we're a small team. Everything you do makes a difference and your input will always be celebrated. Transparency. You will always be kept up to date on the company strategy through monthly town halls. A beautiful comfy office located in central downtown Edmonton (close to great restaurants, cafes, and public transit). Includes weekly SPUD deliveries, a kick-ass espresso machine, ping-pong and foosball, and lots of board games. We offer a flexible work environment. Work from the office, or from home, or any combination of the two. Because sometimes you do your best work in your slippers. We value work-life balance. When we're at work we're excited and focused on building a great product. We also know that going "home" (or simply closing your laptop) and not working weekends or Christmas makes us even more excited to come to work and do great things. Friday afternoon socials, monthly team events, hackathons, awesome Christmas parties, and a team that actually likes to hang out with one another. You'll be decked out in new Apple gear and all the tools you need to help you do your job. Extended health benefits (including eyecare, massages, physiotherapy, and mental health supports) Three weeks vacation plus a week of flex time and time off at Christmas. 
ScrapedJobID1221:
Help advance Unreal Engine to improve the iOS game development experience for hundreds of developers at Epic and thousands of Unreal Engine subscribers around the world Optimise C++ workflows and content-wrangling pipelines Make significant improvements to the workflow for professional developers making high-end mobile games using Unreal Engine Work with our partners to bring the latest mobile technologies to Unreal Engine Optimise and problem solving to help ship Epic's internal mobile titles Improving workflow and user experience Extensive experience with C++ Excellent understanding of the iOS platform ecosystem Professional game or engine development experience on mobile Experience using mobile toolchains, build systems, development tools and platform APIs Experience working on platform-level systems such as I/O, input handling, memory management, patching, deployment, third-party libraries, and framework integration, etc Exposure to mobile rendering and mobile GPU implementations in modern mobile devices You're user-focused, passionate, scrappy, solutions-focused, and innovative. These traits equal success at Epic and influence everything we do. 
ScrapedJobID1222:
Set up specific environments and tools for localization Development of tools for production Identify and extract localizable content from complex formats Convert final translated assets back to original formats Automate asset transfer from and to customers portals Troubleshooting issues coming from production, originating from translation process Contribute actively to the design, development and deployment of new production processes Customize localization workflows and facilitate integration of localization tools with different source content repositories Review and anticipate potential globalization issues for new features, locales and technology Analysis of web sites and applications for localization potential and time/material requirements Ensure compliance with clients requirements and integrity of data Provide support to operations and sales management Work with other developers and engineers to implement technical solutions for end-to-end localization processes Review business requirements and identify technical design that is required to meet the business needs University degree in computer science or equivalent background At least 2 to 3 years experience in software development Knowledge of programming languages (VB, VBA, C#, Java), scripting (Python, Perl, JavaScript) and markup languages (XML, HTML, XLIFF); confidence with API programming Experience writing SQL queries is a plus Advanced knowledge of regular expressions and text manipulation Excellent knowledge of most important CAT tools on the market (memoQ, XTM, Memsource, Wordbee, etc.) Advanced knowledge of internationalization good practices and experience with internationalization of web and mobile applications Knowledge of multilingual localization issues and procedures (managing characters set and encoding, text direction, text strings sorting and handling) Knowledge of Machine Translation technology is a plus Able to communicate effectively with stakeholders who have varying levels of technical expertise Fluent in English and French Passion for global solutions, international customers, and teamwork Focus on automation Good problem-solving skills combined with strong analytical abilities to find creative solutions Team player Strong time management, organizational and support skills Strongly service oriented, to efficiently support internal and external customers 
ScrapedJobID1223:
Designing, developing, and maintaining high-performance Android applications. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features. Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability. Work on bug fixing and improving application performance Participating in team discussions and planning sessions Pushing yourself and team members to ensure that goals are met Collaborating with technical and non-technical team members answering any questions they may have. Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency. Providing time estimates for your work and hit deadlines in an agile environment. Being excited to research and push new web technologies and experiences. Deep familiarity with Java and Android APIs Experience building high-performance Android apps with animations Experience with third-party libraries and APIs Strong Multi-platform and cross-browser development and debugging Knowledge of Bash (or other preferred shell scripting language) Asset: Have published one or more Android apps in the app store Asset: Linux / Unix / Mac OSX (command line and scripting) Asset: Git for revision control 
ScrapedJobID1224:
Collaborate with the Creative Director and Art Director to explore and establish the visual aesthetic of a new science-fiction IP, through sketches, concepts, and look development. Bring strong creative ideas and an ability to polish them to high quality, through sophisticated art techniques in lighting, composition, materials, and rendering methods. Participate in story, game, and design discussions, and help explore new ideas through sketching and rough concepts that quickly illustrate different possibilities. Create concepts for specific game needs as well as your own proactive ideas inspired by the theme of the IP
Seek and respond to feedback from other team members 3+ years experience in videogames, TV, or film A portfolio showcasing your experience with sci-fi concepts of characters, objects, and environments A passion for science-fiction and a talent for producing original creative ideas Ability to use 3D software as part of your workflow Self-motivated and able to collaborate well with team members of all development disciplines 
ScrapedJobID1225:
Creates believable, photo-realistic 3D models and textures from concept art and photo reference. Assembles, edits, and optimizes highly detailed 3D environments. Troubleshoots technical and artistic issues. Communicates effectively with team members, production and management to ensure that project goals are met. 1+ years of experience creating high-quality 3D art assets and levels for AAA games. Ability to create realistic 3D props, environments and textures from concept art and photo reference. Ability to receive, give, and apply feedback effectively while maintaining a positive attitude. Understanding of lighting, color and scene composition. Basic understanding of physically based shaders. Proficient in next-gen asset creation. Proficient in Maya or 3ds Max, Photoshop and Substance Painter. Self-driven, dedicated to advancing your craft, and eager to learn new techniques and software. Passionate about games; take pride in everything you do and have a positive attitude. Experience with a level editor (i.e. Unreal, Unity, Frostbite, Radiant, etc.) Foundation in traditional art with ability of concepting ideas. Familiarity with Substance Designer Familiarity with Zbrush Exceptional visual and technical understanding of 3D modeling and texturing. Architecture, photography, photogrammetry or cinematography experience. 
ScrapedJobID1226:
Leading multiple development features to achieve real world objectives Designing and coding fast, secure, and scalable applications Designing and developing web applications and web services using ASP.NET, C#, Web Forms, MVC, WCF, and Microsoft SQL Using cloud computing services and approaches with AWS Research, develop, and implement the latest technologies with AWS Coding and scripting using a wide variety of open source technologies and tools 7+ years of software development experience A degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field Architecting Object Oriented systems in multiple languages (C#) ASP.NET Web Forms, MVC, WCF and Microsoft SQL Proficient in modern testing and debugging Developing Relational databases (Microsoft SQL) and other non-structured data sources Experience with Transact-SQL and Microsoft SQL Server including Query Analyzer, Enterprise Manager or including SQL Server Management Studio Agile & Scrum project management techniques Analytical skills for performance measurement and data driven decisions Source Control, Automated Build, and Continuous integration Maintainable & Testable Code; Progressive Release Minimum Viable Product Development Knowledge of AWS Services including: EC2, VPC, S3, Lambda, API Gateway Cloud-native concepts and techniques User-centric design and usability Experience with data analytics , reporting, and DevOps We strive for Simple, Clean and Testable code We love cloud computing (AWS& Azure) and service architecture You support your team and raise everyone’s game You support what you build You are brave and take action 
ScrapedJobID1227:
Build, test, maintain the backend and frontend for our admin system Write effective APIsWrite effective unit and integration tests Write technical documentation Build the front-end of applications through visually appealing design Test system to ensure responsiveness and efficiency Work closely with business and product team to enhance UX Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade system whenever applicable Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field 2+ years of demonstrable experience with Scala or Java 2+ years of demonstrable experience with MySQL or any relational database 2+ years of demonstrable experience with React or AngularHands-on experience with UX/UI design Great attention to detail Flexibility to WFH For the third year in a row, we are proud to announce that we have been certified as a Great Place to Work We were also certified as one of the Best Workplaces for Mental Wellness in 2020 We are an open work environment that fosters collaboration, ownership, creativity, and urgency We ensure flexible hours outside of our core working hours Enrolment in the Group Health Benefits plan right from day 1, no waiting period Team building events Fuel for the day: Weekly delivery of groceries, and all types of snacks Catered lunches and desserts on a monthly basis Daily fun in the office with our competitive games of Ping Pong, Pool, Smash Bros competitions, or FIFA And of course, an unlimited amount of freshly made coffee and tea! We’re pretty serious about our coffee beans Online learning through the platform, UDEMY 
ScrapedJobID1228:
Build and maintain trusting and collaborative relationships with our co-development partners and interact with various key internal and external stakeholders Align with our partners on artistic direction to ensure high quality assets creation Work with art, production and technical leads to coordinate milestone schedules Anticipate and identify potential risks associated with meeting project deadlines, ensuring the appropriate steps are taken to resolve issues that may hinder progress or compromise project objectives Provide hands on solutions to help solve complex problems or blockers Evaluate and provide recommendations to improve processes, tools and workflows Create and manage team schedules and establish proper workflow among the art team Set out and assign tasks for the team and attend regular stand-ups Review the team’s work and provide clear and consistent feedback to ensure quality and alignment with project goals and artistic vision Provide career management to the art team through performance reviews, ongoing mentorship and feedback, and regular 1-on-1s 8+ years of experience in the games industry with a strong background in 3D character and/or environment art 5+ years of people management experience leading a team of artists, with a strong interest in mentorship and career development Experience shipping multiple game titles on PC and/or console Proven ability to provide artistic, technical and development feedback on a range of art assets Strong stakeholder management skills Strong attention to detail, organizational and time estimation skills Proactive with the ability to anticipate potential risks and issues and come up with appropriate solutions Able to take direction and receive feedback well Capable of managing competing priorities and working independently within established guidelines Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to lead, influence and motivate others Experience working with external development partners is a plus Experience working on AAA action/adventure titles Strong understanding of in-game visual production and processes 
ScrapedJobID1229:
Participate in game design discussions and contribute valuable ideas to all aspects of the project Work with the Creative Director and design team to define and communicate a clear vision for the game Develop prototypes to explore gameplay concepts, and iterate based on constructive feedback Design and implement amazing gameplay experiences through collaboration with the broader team Create and maintain clear and effective design documentation Experience in professional game development shipping multiple AAA titles, ideally with Unreal Engine Broad design experience in areas such as character and vehicle movement, content, systems, and progression Strong creative problem-solving, math, and analytical skills A deep understanding of the state of the art in game design and interactivity Excellent communication and collaboration skills Strong initiative, and ability to drive cross-discipline efforts An added value would be a degree in Computer Science, Game Design, or other related field 
ScrapedJobID1230:
Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site parking RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday How many years experience do you have with C#? How many years experience do you have designing and implementing reliable, scalable software? Yes 
ScrapedJobID1231:
Perform hands-on software design and development Architect solutions to novel problems using a homegrown rules engine Develop server-side game logic components and game simulations Work closely with your game team to develop real-money online gambling type games Mentor, train, and grow a team of developers Support and improve game logic engine updates Write unit tests and perform peer design/code reviews Work closely with game designers to determine feasibility of game features Work with remote teams in various time zones Design and develop tooling that will drive efficiency in workflows Minimum 8 years of software development experience with an emphasis on OOP/OOD development Proficient knowledge of Java language, platform, and core Java EE technologies Good conceptual understanding of object-oriented programming University education or equivalent work experience is required Experience with build automation tools like Jenkins, Maven and ANT required Experience hiring, leading, and training developers is a plus Have experience building tools using React and NodeJS is a plus Knowledge of GCP or AWS is a plus CV review & screening call with the recruiter. Face-to-face tech interview with a couple coding challenges. Coding Interview. What we assess here is your experience and programing background Candidates who successfully complete both steps are eligible to pass to the final behavioral round Building collaborative relationships Decision making Drive results Foster innovation Personal energy Self-leadership 
ScrapedJobID1232:
We develop animation technology, from performance capture through to a sophisticated runtime engine, for massive open world games. We are a global team of programmers and researchers who collaborate on pushing the boundaries of character animation on next generation hardware. We support and work closely with gameplay, animation, and technical art teams, across multiple projects at different Rockstar studios. Join our core animation technology team and work closely with performance capture, animation, rigging, technical art, and tools teams across different Rockstar studios. Develop, maintain, extend, and support new and existing libraries and DCC plugins exposing core animation and character technologies to a broader range of developers and artists. Implement well designed multi-language tools and DCC plugins improving technology availability across different content creation environments. Learn how to work with animation system features in a large, existing codebase. A degree in Computer Science or a related discipline, or equivalent industry experience. Experience developing tools and plugins for DCCs (e.g. Maya, Max, Motion Builder, Blender, Houdini etc) A passion for character-based games and for creating tools and DCC plugins that simplifies and speeds up content generation. Strong Python and C++ programming skills. Familiarity with networking (e.g. TCP/UDP sockets) or inter-process communication techniques. Good communication skills, ability to clearly share complex technical information with other programmers, animators and technical artists. Industry experience working on AAA character based games, or character based VFX animation. Experience creating Python bindings to C++ libraries. Strong 3D math skills. Experience animating or rigging (using skeletal bones or blend shapes) in Motion Builder, 3DS Max, Maya, Houdini, or Blender, etc. 
ScrapedJobID1233:
Create physically-based Materials/Textures for use with props, environments, and characters Assist in material library creation and maintaining material pipelines Collaborate with other artists to build and integrate assets into a visually consistent and highly immersive world Match established art styles while helping improve the visual direction Portfolio demonstrating a wide variety of materials using both procedural and 3d sculpted techniques. Portfolio demonstrating tiled textures and 0-1 UV mapped assets. Assets must show strong attention to detail focusing on believability and overall esthetic composition Solid understanding of PBR standards and surface/light interactions Strong foundation knowledge in traditional arts Experience creating 3D art for a game project or title Able to use 3D and/or procedural techniques to create high-quality materials within production timelines Strong knowledge of UE4 Strong knowledge of Maya and/or another 3D software package Strong knowledge of Zbrush modeling Solid understanding of color theory, and be able to create balanced and appealing color palettes Must be punctual, diligent, articulate, and organized A desire to work and support a diverse and inclusive environment Experience leading other artists Shipped 1+ AAA title as an environment artist Experience using proprietary editors, software, and tools 
ScrapedJobID1234:
We are taking sleep to the next level. We combine great content, cutting-edge technology, and data-driven product development to constantly learn, iterate, and improve. We are relentless in our pursuit of better, always questioning the status quo and discovering new ways to get things done and serve our members. We are a community that grows together - both professionally and personally. Our team is agile and nimble, allowing you to have a huge impact and carve your own path from day one. We invest in our team's well-being and professional development because we know that business and individual growth go hand-in-hand. You will move fast, remain flexible, and be challenged every day. Join us! Develop top of the funnel features and experiments in the BetterSleep iOS and Android apps with both native mobile technology and our in-house Rapid Framework, a UI framework based off video games technology, that will ultimately allow experiments only by remote configuration; Participate in the development of our in-house Rapid Framework; Act as the principal resource for features development in a team composed of product manager, product designer, data scientist, DevOps, QA, web and tools developers; Work closely with data scientists to ensure data integrity during development. Closely collaborate with both iOS and Android squads in the integration and development of new features; Coach and mentor other juniors developers. Bachelor degree in Computer science, software engineering or any other relevant field; More than 10 years of experience in software development with different languages such C++ Team player, methodological, time-management, structured and detail oriented; Great communication skills, bilingual. Competitive salary & equity compensation Excellent health, dental, and vision coverage Retirement plan with employer matching contribution Ridiculous perks program Office in the heart of downtown Montreal, a three-minute walk from the Central Station Commuter & lunch benefits Building something that matters - loved by the people and admired by the press Any piece of hardware or software that will make you happy and productive Awesome people to work with Nothing to slow you down Helping people live a better life, every day Nous faisons passer le sommeil au niveau supérieur. Nous combinons un contenu de qualité, une technologie de pointe et un développement de produits axé sur les données pour apprendre, itérer et améliorer constamment. Nous sommes implacables dans notre quête de l'excellence, remettant toujours en question le statu quo en découvrant de nouvelles façons de faire dans le but de toujours mieux servir nos utilisateurs; Nous sommes une communauté qui grandit ensemble - à la fois professionnellement et personnellement. Notre équipe est agile, permettant à chacun des employés d'avoir un impact dès le premier jour. Nous investissons dans le bien-être et le développement professionnel de notre équipe, car nous reconnaissons que la croissance des affaires et la croissance individuelle vont de pair. Vous évoluerez rapidement, resterez flexible et aurez des défis stimulants à chaque jour. Joignez-vous à nous! Participer au développement de notre Rapid Framework interne, un framework d'interface utilisateur basé sur la technologie des jeux vidéo, qui permettra des expériences uniquement par configuration à distance; Développer les fonctionnalités qui facenneront la meilleure expérience d'utilisation possible dès le premier contact de l'utilisateur sur BetterSleep iOS et Android avec à la fois la technologie mobile native et notre Rapid Framework interne; Agir en tant que principale ressource pour le développement de fonctionnalités au sein d'une équipe composée de chef de produit, designer de produit, scientifique des données, DevOps, assurance-qualité et développement: Travailler en étroite collaboration avec les experts de données pour assurer l'intégrité des données pendant le développement; Collaborer étroitement avec les équipes iOS et Android dans l'intégration et le développement de nouvelles fonctionnalités ; Coacher et encadrer d'autres développeurs juniors. Baccalauréat en informatique, génie logiciel ou tout autre domaine pertinent; Plus de 10 ans d'expérience en développement logiciel avec différents langages tels que C++ Esprit d'équipe, méthodologique, gestion du temps, structuré et minutieux; Excellentes capacités de communication, bilingue. Développement mobile (Android : Java & Kotlin, iOS : Objective-C et Swift); Salaire compétitif et programme d'achat d'actions Excellente couverture d'assurance collective pour la santé, les soins dentaires et la vue Régime de retraite avec contribution équivalente de l'employeur Bureau au coeur du centre-ville de Montréal, à trois minutes à pied de la gare centrale Rabais sur les transports en commun et allocation mensuelle pour les repas Travailler sur un produit qui a un impact positif sur la vie des gens Tout équipement matériel ou logiciel pour vous rendre heureux et productif Une équipe formidable Aider les gens à vivre une vie meilleure, chaque jour. 
ScrapedJobID1235:
Foster relationships with production teams and be their primary contact person. Investigate technical problems encountered by game developers. Recommend robust and sustainable solutions + find fixes and develop new features. Guide technical teams throughout product integration (SDKs, APIs, etc.). Train production team members on how to use our products. Assess infrastructure issues + modify servers and network equipment. Create and maintain technical documentation that will serve as a reference. Increase testing coverage. Ensure that technical solutions developed by production teams respect our constraints and best practices. An undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Software Development, Computer Engineering, or equivalent At least 1-3 years of experience in computer science, programming, front-end development, network infrastructure management, or related experience (online development an asset) Knowledge of programming languages (C++, JavaScript, C#) and standard libraries * A collaborative, creative, and innovative spirit Attention to detail, curiosity, critical thinking, resourcefulness, and plenty of flexibility Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Ability to prioritize and handle many issues simultaneously Motivation to help others resolve technical and complex problems An understanding of Angular and RESTful interfaces a plus Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID1236:
SRE Passion is automating everything, removing the toil and seeing the entire world in code. SRE Passion is feeling the energy of enabling development teams to safely go faster. SRE Passion is loving Cloud technology and how it enables acceleration. SRE Passion is incomplete without security and compliance – DevSecOps. SRE Passion is solving complex problems with simple solutions. SRE Passion is being on a continuous path for improvement. Has the SRE Passion Seeks out toil and destroys it with automations Has the proven skills in handling incidents, with a customer first focus Measures everything and creatively applies improvements Has a strong focus on security and compliance within a cloud environment Has a proven track record for leading a group of individuals with the same passion, both in SRE and operations Has exceptional prioritization skills, including transparently communicating and justifying time investments Effectively collaborates with designers, developers, architects and operations, about SRE evolutions Writes code, regularly Embraces and presents new technologies and processes with the goals of learning and improving service quality while reducing costs Design and create automations that remove toil from the operational requirements of the services while enabling an increase of velocity for service teams Lead a team through SRE improvements, compliance audits, disaster recovery simulations and operational incidents Collaborate and drive priorities of the team Contribute to the enhancement of tools and practices used within the team, keeping a keen eye on customer outcomes Proven SRE experience utilizing SLO/SLIs in a commercial, cloud-based service At least four years of experience designing and implementing software with high-level languages including Java or Python At least two years of experience in cloud computing with a preference to Amazon AWS Proven experience leading a high paced team in both development and operations activities Familiarity with secure coding practices and compliance adherence within a cloud environment including PCI, ISO27001 and SOC2 Proven experience in developing infrastructure as code using technologies like CloudFormation, Terraform and Serverless Hands on infrastructure, systems and application architecture experience in large scale, web-based applications Experience with testing and managing high availability environments Excellent communication, interpersonal and influencing skills in a cross functional role Bachelor of Science degree in related discipline, advanced degree desired 
ScrapedJobID1237:

ScrapedJobID1238:
Excellent attention to detail Ability to manage tight deadlines Comfortable using spreadsheets and Google Docs Experience with Python, JavaScript, or HTML/CSS would be an asset We work in tight-knit teams to maximize speed and cultivate an ownership mentality. We cherish curiosity and an obsession for details because we know these details are invaluable over the long run. We promote an environment where ideas are challenged. The best ideas win! We're hyperfocused on our achievements and our ability to execute on our promises. We act with urgency. It's not always about us.* We give back to our community to ensure it can grow.* We love to compete and have fun. Our game nights are legendary. 
ScrapedJobID1239:
Develop realtime 3D environments for use with training and testing AI systems Light environments using both baked and real time solutions Set up cameras and post effects in real time environments Manage projects using Perforce, Git, and/or other source control software Expert-level experience with crafting and lighting environments in Unity Strong experience in DCC packages such as: Autodesk 3ds Max, Autodesk Maya, Blender, Pixelogic ZBrush, Adobe Substance Designer, and Adobe Substance Painter BS degree in Game Design, Animation, Graphic Art, or a related field, or equivalent experience. Experience in game development (or equivalent visual effects fields) with multiple shipped titles, films, or applications Key skills in Unity, VFX, materials setup, scene generation, lighting setup. Experience in groups that have developed or made use of synthetic data for computer vision Experience crafting procedural systems using industry tools such as Side Effects Houdini Extensive scripting experience in C#, Python or other languages 
ScrapedJobID1240:
Experience developing and managing online solutions, including:
DevOps and SRE practicesmicroservice architectureRESTful APIscloud technologies (ex. AWS, GCP, etc.)containerization and orchestration technologies (ex. Docker, ECS, Kubernetes, etc.)CI/CD pipelines (ex. GitLab) DevOps and SRE practices microservice architecture RESTful APIs cloud technologies (ex. AWS, GCP, etc.) containerization and orchestration technologies (ex. Docker, ECS, Kubernetes, etc.) CI/CD pipelines (ex. GitLab) In-depth knowledge of at least one of these programming languages: C#, TypeScript, NodeJS, Python, Go Experience managing teams (ideally using Agile methodology) An innovative spirit: you're regularly on the lookout for ways to improve in a constantly evolving environment Solid interpersonal and communication skills A desire to continually learn new cloud technologies (the technologies that power the massive Harbour platform are always in motion, the team, too) Your CV, highlighting your background and skills 
ScrapedJobID1241:
Design and implementation of reliable, high performing and usable web applications Creation of detailed design documentation and diagrams Refactoring and creation of abstractions to simplify components and libraries and promote code re-use Diligently unit testing and debugging application components as necessary Displaying initiative in research, proposal and development of tools, technologies and techniques Collaborating and communicating effectively within a multi-disciplinary team Analysis of business needs and development of technical solutions Applying foresight to look beyond immediate requirements for future extensibility Participating in design and code reviews as necessary Supporting clients’ evolving needs through ongoing product enhancements and application extension A University Degree or College Diploma in an applicable field Passion for continuous learning and improvement 5+ years of .NET development experience Practical experience implementing object-oriented systems Experience in database normalization and SQL An understanding of underlying popular Internet protocols, browser and server technologies The ability to code to established standards and methodologies Strong communication skills (verbal and written) Produced quality deliverables within planned timelines Demonstrated experience in various tools and technologies, including ASP.Net MVC, Entity Framework, Visual Studio, HTML, Jquery, Redis, CSS, JSON, Web Services, and SQL Server Experience with version control tools such as Git or Subversion Experience with message queueing and service bus middleware Location: Winnipeg, Manitoba 
ScrapedJobID1242:
Collaborate with the Design team to create a vision for AI systems Write clear, performant, maintainable, portable code Design, develop, test, and implement AI systems Accurately estimate effort and deliver high quality results Provide high quality code review feedback 5+ years experience developing Artificial Intelligence for AAA titles Expertise in several of the following domains: Game Artificial Intelligence, Animation System, Navigation System and/or GOAP. Excellent command of the C++ programming language Extensive experience working with large multi platform engines Initiative to push boundaries and an ambition to craft something outstanding Bonus points for Unreal Engine experience 
ScrapedJobID1243:

ScrapedJobID1244:
Share a passion to innovate, especially in the design and development of open world games Work closely with the art team and the level/mission design team to design and create inspiring 3D content that visualizes the vision and design of the game Plan, prioritize and assign tasks and manage your team's schedule Help team members to reach their full potential, follow quality standards and meet deadlines Create AAA 3D art that works within technical constraints and can be used as a benchmark for other 3D artists Produce and iterate on a variety of assets through all phases of production including in-game blockouts, organic surfaces, hard-surface models, marketing assets, and more Be able to think about your art in the service of the world of a new IP to create assets that will enrich the experience Take an active role in the evolution of the game, working with all disciplines to understand the vision and design for the game and using that experience to inform concept work Be an active mentor by training and guiding other artists on the team to improve their craft and deliver top-tier quality content At least eight years of professional AAA game development experience At least five projects shipped in a leadership position At least two AAA action titles shipped, one during the current generation of video games (PS4/XBOX ONE) Experience leading and managing a team of 3D artists on a AAA project A portfolio of visionary and inspiring 3D work you can show and talk about your ideas to the team Skillful in communicating with other developers, eager to help others and learn from them Take critical feedback and iterate on your work based on the needs of the experience Excellent leadership mindset, ability to work in a team, with good leadership skills and to delegate work accordingly Strong traditional art skills Experience creating style guides a plus 
ScrapedJobID1245:
Prototyping gameplay ideas for core combat and moment-to-moment mechanics and systems, combat characters, their feel, behavior, abilities, and encounters in various settings Implementing combatant character with animations and behavior using state machines, behavior trees, visual effects, sound effects & combat encounters with arena layouts, and pacing using provided level design tools and various other scripting systems Creating designs documents, content briefs, system outlines, and other means of sharing all the necessary information with involved teams Remaining current on industry trends, including new game genres, new game design methods and techniques, and trending audio-visual excellence At least 3+ years of experience in the production of games for consoles and PC 2+ years of experience shipping AAA third-person melee combat titles in combat design role At least 1 shipped title in a combat designer role, with a history of successful features Good knowledge of Unreal Engine 4 Working proficiency with Unreal Engine Editor Exceptional ability to conceptualize, pitch, and implement game systems and features using various tools, technology, and visual language A Clear understanding of creative and game development processes Experience with online action games Strong verbal and written communication skills in English Open-minded team player attitude Strong work ethic and self-motivated Passionate about playing and making video games Familiarity with scripting languages and/or C++ programming Deep understanding of systems design, player psychology, and emerging industry trends Experience with versatile game development tools such as Unity and Unreal Competitive salary Personal development opportunities and the possibility to work in a multicultural environment Working with highly-skilled, senior-level professionals Being part of a young organization and having a true impact on your daily work Opportunity to work on innovative, exciting AAA projects with the newest technologies An informal atmosphere, no dress code, no unwanted formalities 
ScrapedJobID1246:
NBA Top Shot: digital asset creation, marketplace trading, integration with mobile game Dapper Wallet: payments, identity, fraud protection, KYC/AML Flow blockchain: distributed systems, networking, latency Quickly gains proficiency when exposed to unfamiliar technical patterns, systems, or languages Is able to unblock colleagues when they are faced with technical challenges Is a strong communicator who can collaborate well with other non-technical functions (e.g. Product & Design) Has the courage to try out new tools, fail fast, and dive into unknowns to solve new and challenging problems Familiar with our commonly used technology choices (Golang, Node, Javascript) Developed decentralized applications, infrastructure, or interacting with blockchains Understand the deployment process, and is comfortable with docker, containers, and kubernetes Familiar with event driven architectures, Kafka, and comfortable with eventual consistency Have a strong understanding of application and API security Have expertise in payments 
ScrapedJobID1247:
Write high quality and well-documented code according to accepted standards based on business requirements using one or more of the following tools and technologies: Oracle ADF Framework, Oracle JDeveloper, Java, JavaScript, SQL, PL/SQL Provide estimates for development items and consistently meet estimate and programming deadlines Provide standard product and enhancement support Provide integrated testing and debugging for new programming tasks/functions Create detailed technical design specification documents that can later be used for programming when required Conduct regressive testing to ensure backwards compatibility of the system Evaluate alternative design approaches to meet business requirements Collaborate with team members and other departments to find solutions Participate in project and team meetings Other related duties as assigned University Degree, preferably in Computer Science 3 plus year hands-on professional Java/J2EE programming experience (includes Java, JDBC, JSP, JavaScript, Struts Framework). Familiarity with HTML5, JQuery & CSS, Ajax. Familiarity with Oracle databases and SQL, PL/SQL Knowledge of web security: authentication, protocols Knowledge of http traffic workflow. Knowledge of Oracle JDeveloper, weblogic would be an asset. Excellent communication skills – both written and oral. Competitive benefits Package (including Health & Dental benefits) Paid vacation and personal days Townhall meetings where all employees are encouraged to participate in open discussions Located on York University’s campus, easily accessible by transit (TTC, GO, etc.), walking distance to shopping and restaurants Outdoor lunch space, including picnic tables An active Social Events Committee (past events include annual seasonal parties, pool and bowling tournaments, karaoke nights, Game nights, BBQ’s, and more) Health and Wellness focus including virtual yoga classes and wellness webinars RRSP Matching Program after 2 years of employment Experience in a rapidly growing, socially responsible corporation 
ScrapedJobID1248:
Creates believable, photo-realistic 3D models and textures from concept art and photo reference. Assembles, edits, and optimizes highly detailed 3D environments. Troubleshoots technical and artistic issues. Communicates effectively with team members, production and management to ensure that project goals are met. 1+ years of experience creating high-quality 3D art assets and levels for AAA games. Ability to create realistic 3D props, environments and textures from concept art and photo reference. Ability to receive, give, and apply feedback effectively while maintaining a positive attitude. Understanding of lighting, color and scene composition. Basic understanding of physically based shaders. Proficient in next-gen asset creation. Proficient in Maya or 3ds Max, Photoshop and Substance Painter. Self-driven, dedicated to advancing your craft, and eager to learn new techniques and software. Passionate about games; take pride in everything you do and have a positive attitude. Experience with a level editor (i.e. Unreal, Unity, Frostbite, Radiant, etc.) Foundation in traditional art with ability of concepting ideas. Familiarity with Substance Designer Familiarity with Zbrush Exceptional visual and technical understanding of 3D modeling and texturing. Architecture, photography, photogrammetry or cinematography experience. 
ScrapedJobID1249:
Position based in Halifax, Nova Scotia. Will consider remote. Study results of game usability tests and generate reports outlining player behavior Study live player data and work with game design team to reconcile design intent Work closely in support of Product Manager to generate ad hoc reports from player data or usability studies Segment players into useful actionable groups Fully engage in gameplay throughout the development process and provide context to data and reporting Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports Support the development of data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality Work independently to identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in data sets Filter and clean data as needed Work closely with management to prioritize business and information needs 5+ years of experience in game research and player data analysis Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques Strong knowledge of, and experience with, reporting packages (Tableau Software, Power BI etc…), and ability to query database and generate reports Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing large datasets Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings BS in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management, Behavioral Psychology or Statistics (or comparable) Proven ability to analyze player behavior within a live game Passion for playing and studying games Passion for data, trends and analysis Strong interpersonal skills; comfortable dealing with a wide range of people from executive management to offshore developers Excellent communication skills (verbal and written), ability to present complex technical information to non-technical business users Able to handle multiple tasks in a fast paced environment and adjust to frequent changes in requirements and deadlines Seasoned communicator that is comfortable on email, phone and IM, and has ability to effectively manage communication style up, across and down a management structure, within a diversely skilled organization in multiple locations Strong attention to detail, accuracy, accountability and deadlines, with excellent organizational, time-management, multi-tasking and project management capabilities Organized, reliable self-starter with strong creative thinking, analytical, problem-solving, decision-making and interpersonal skills Ability to work independently and collaboratively Ability to communicate reporting deliverables with both technical and non-technical internal stakeholders Has a positive attitude and thrives in fast-paced, interactive environment 
ScrapedJobID1250:
Collaborate closely with engineers, designers, and fellow artists to improve the world building experience in Unity Prototype and help develop environment creation tools Advocate for efficient, sophisticated world building workflows Build exemplary content samples demonstrating Unity features and workflow improvements Professional expertise with one or more scripting languages (C#, Python, MaxScript, etc.) Professional experience building or managing 3d game worlds Proficient with at least one DCC content creation tool (Maya, Blender, 3DSMax, Houdini, etc.) Excellent communication skills and ability to work effectively in a team environment Shader authoring experience, either with HLSL/GLSL or node-based shader environment Familiarity with procedural modeling techniques (Houdini or similar tools) Shipped Unity titles are not necessary, but are a plus Collaborer étroitement avec les développeurs(euses), les concepteurs(trices) et les autres artistes pour améliorer l'expérience de création de monde dans Unity Prototyper et contribuer au développement des outils de création d'environnement Préconiser des processus de construction efficaces et sophistiqués pour créer des mondes Élaborer des échantillons de contenu exemplaires illustrant les fonctionnalités de Unity et les améliorations apportées au processus Contribuer à la documentation, au matériel de formation, aux présentations et aux démonstrations Une expertise professionnelle dans un ou plusieurs langages de script (C#, Python, MaxScript, etc.) Une expérience professionnelle dans la construction ou la gestion de mondes de jeux en 3D Une maîtrise d'au moins un outil de création de contenu DCC (Maya, Blender, 3DSMax, Houdini, etc.) D'excellentes aptitudes à la communication et la capacité de travailler efficacement au sein d'une équipe Une expérience de création de shaders, soit avec HLSL/GLSL, soit avec un environnement de shaders basé sur les nœuds Une familiarité avec les techniques de modélisation procédurale (Houdini ou d'autres outils similaires) Une livraison de titres Unity n'est pas nécessaire, mais c'est un atout 
ScrapedJobID1251:

ScrapedJobID1252:
Using your extensive software engineering experience you’ll interface with customers to deliver bespoke solutions and successfully co-develop games using SpatialOS and our suite of tools. Work directly with our internal studios to drive development of our 1st party games using SpatialOS. Be a focal point for all in-depth technical problems across all external games studios, covering all areas of gameplay development, helping solve some of the hardest challenges within the industry. Working directly with our customers, you will establish technical requirements from creative or design-led pitches. You’ll build engine integration solutions and best practices to enable our partners to adopt our software successfully. You will become a master of SpatialOS engaging with multiple internal teams and a variety of customers, engines and technologies as we continue to grow. Demonstrable knowledge and passion for games and/or game development. Strong communication skills to effectively interact with external teams and stakeholders. Strong Software Engineering with flexibility in ambiguous environments Cloud computing Hunger to learn and improve. 
ScrapedJobID1253:
Collaborate with the Creative Director and Art Director to explore and establish the visual aesthetic of a new science-fiction IP, through sketches, concepts, and look development. Bring strong creative ideas and an ability to polish them to high quality, through sophisticated art techniques in lighting, composition, materials, and rendering methods. Participate in story, game, and design discussions, and help explore new ideas through sketching and rough concepts that quickly illustrate different possibilities. Create concepts for specific game needs as well as your own proactive ideas inspired by the theme of the IP
Seek and respond to feedback from other team members 3+ years experience in videogames, TV, or film A portfolio showcasing your experience with sci-fi concepts of characters, objects, and environments A passion for science-fiction and a talent for producing original creative ideas Ability to use 3D software as part of your workflow Self-motivated and able to collaborate well with team members of all development disciplines 
ScrapedJobID1254:
Contribute in the full lifecycle management of software development, including requirement gathering and analysis, design, task/issue management, implementation, release, and support. Write code! Become familiar with our tech-stack and develop code that produces highly usable, robust, and reliable solutions for our customers. Use industry standard practices and patterns such Micro Services and APIs to design and develop complex solutions Write automated unit and integration tests to validate the code is doing what it’s designed for and saving effort for subsequent manual testing. Improve our DevOps and CI/CD pipelines which support our Development and Quality Assurance teams. Research and integrate with COTS solutions, 3rd party software, legacy systems, and peripherals. Be part of a great team! Learn, share, and work with your colleagues to bring ideas forward – we want to hear them! Full stack development experience using one of more of our core technologies is an asset (Micro services, APIs, JavaScript, CSS, .Net C#, Redis, NodeJS, React, SQL) DevOps and Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery Designing/developing scalable solution for cloud and on-prem Documenting solutions using UML, OpenAPI and other standards (or the back of a napkin) Planning and tracking work items/sprints Self-directed learner, continuously learning new technology Attention to detail and quality A passion for helping people Expert organization skills Good judgement and dedication to providing a quality product The ability to obtain, and maintain, Government of Canada Level 1 (Reliability) clearance. 
ScrapedJobID1255:
Diplomatically collaborate with a wide variety of customer personalities Own the support relationship for Unity's highest-profile customers Define and execute a strategic customer success plan Advance customer issues by enlisting resources inside and outside of the team Build and maintain real-time reporting of responsiveness, service quality and customer happiness A passion and an understanding of customer success in an area of realtime 3D, games, or technology Experience nurturing and growing strategic relationships Outstanding written and verbal communication skills with a proficiency in English and French Able to work flexible hours to engage with our worldwide organization and customer base A willingness to travel both domestically and internationally Knowledge of the games industry, including games services or other intersecting industries Demonstrated proficiency as a Technical Project Manager, Producer, Technical Account Manager or a similar position Experience working - either individually or on a team - directly in Unity, or any realtime 3D creation software Collaborer avec tact avec une grande variété de clients aux personnalités diverses Assumer la responsabilité du soutien aux clients les plus importants de Unity Définir et appliquer un plan stratégique de réussite client Résoudre les problèmes des clients en faisant appel à des ressources internes et externes à l'équipe Créer et maintenir des rapports en temps réel sur la réactivité, la qualité du service et le bonheur de la clientèle Une passion et une compréhension de la réussite du client dans un domaine de la 3D en temps réel, des jeux vidéo ou de la technologie Une expérience en matière de développement et de croissance des relations stratégiques Des compétences exceptionnelles en communication écrite et orale, avec une bonne maîtrise de l'anglais et du français Être en mesure de travailler selon un horaire flexible afin de collaborer avec nos différentes équipes et nos différents clients à travers le monde Une volonté de se déplacer à l'intérieur et à l'extérieur du pays Expérience de l'industrie des jeux vidéo, notamment dans celle des services de jeux ou dans d'autres industries croisées Expérience comme responsable ou producteur de projet technique ou gestionnaire de compte technique ou un poste similaire Expérience de travail directement dans Unity ou tout autre logiciel de création 3D en temps réel, individuellement ou en équipe 
ScrapedJobID1256:
Help drive the design and implementation of new services for our platform Collaborate with multi-functional teams including Data and Customer Satisfaction Design and code products that are scalable, resilient, and fully tested Deliver a quality resulting in customer delight for your product(s) Demonstrated knowledge of modern server development, threading/concurrency, networking, automated testing in at scale Experience with development from the design stage to fielding and supporting code Proficiency in more than 1 mainstream programming language. Understanding of cloud data storage techniques and standard methodologies Willingness to guide and mentor other specialists as the team expands, someone who will set the bar on excellent delivery while solidly supporting the team Experience with Golang, Python, and/or Linux Deep knowledge building high-performance and high-availability distributed systems Experience in game development or social / communication services Help drive the design and implementation of new services for our platform Collaborate with multi-functional teams including Data and Customer Satisfaction Design and code products that are scalable, resilient, and fully tested Deliver a quality resulting in customer delight for your product(s) Demonstrated knowledge of modern server development, threading/concurrency, networking, automated testing in at scale Experience with development from the design stage to fielding and supporting code Proficiency in more than 1 mainstream programming language. Understanding of cloud data storage techniques and standard methodologies Willingness to guide and mentor other specialists as the team expands, someone who will set the bar on excellent delivery while solidly supporting the team Experience with Golang, Python, and/or Linux Deep knowledge building high-performance and high-availability distributed systems Experience in game development or social / communication services 
ScrapedJobID1257:
Develop a thorough understanding of the volumetric streaming ecosystem and continually assess the competitive landscape and emerging trends. Build and test real-time live streaming across all current and upcoming platforms. Works with other teams and partners to understand project requirements and develop a specific technical workflow for streaming and broadcasting. Research and implement state of the art algorithms for domain adaptation. Write clean, maintainable production based code and review application and test code. Experience with C++/Python/Go and software development methodology. Experience with containerization technology and Kubernetes. Expert level skills with object-oriented programming concepts and an understanding of how to write performant, scalable and memory efficient code. Solid understanding of network protocols (TCP/UDP, DHCP, DNS) and experience with IPv4 and IPv6. Knowledge of networking and cloud infrastructure (QoS, HTTP 1.0/2.0, Concurrency Framework) along with troubleshooting skills using network analysis tools. Knowledge of media encoding and transcoding, packaging, and familiarity with realtime streaming. Understanding of professional broadcast protocols, including MPEG-TS and RTP Knowledge of video streaming protocols: HTTP Live Streaming (HLS), DASH, RTMP, RTSP, etc 
ScrapedJobID1258:
Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site parking RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday How many years experience do you have with C#? How many years experience do you have designing and implementing reliable, scalable software? Yes 
ScrapedJobID1259:
Join a tight-knit team of smart, motivated Operations Engineers (reporting to the Operations Engineering Manager) who are striving to be better than the day before. We challenge each other’s thinking, and are continuously looking to try to solve problems using new solutions. To us, “that’s how everyone else does it” just isn’t good enough. Build, manage and maintain Wave’s cloud infrastructure, following Infrastructure-as-Code principles and using a mix of different technologies. Engage in a mix of long term project work and short term responsive work. We aim to support each other and the company, and achieve this by rotating daily shifts dedicated to Point-Of-Contact support. Develop tools to support continuous delivery to empower developers. There are always better ways to do things and we’re here to help facilitate and automate that for the rest of Engineering at Wave. Collaborate with development and support teams to help them make our engineers’ lives better. Have the opportunity to be involved in many projects, learn and suggest new solutions and be continuously challenged to find creative new solutions or code your own. Participate in an on-call rotation, including off-hours and holidays. Our escalation volume is low and our focus on continuous improvement will keep it that way! This duty is shared with Development teams which helps keep interruptions to a minimum. Live our team values of cooperation, empathy, continuous improvement, and cross-functional thinking. 5+ years interesting experience supporting resilient, highly-available production systems. 3 years of experience working with cloud-based infrastructure: with a focus on infrastructure as code in AWS using Terraform or Cloudformation. Have experience running container orchestration tools such as Kubernetes, EKS or ECS in a production environment. We run a large container-based environment and are working to provide a dedicated set of tools and pipelines to service our applications. Experience with Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery. This is something Operations Engineering at Wave truly believes in. Past experience in it, or a desire to learn more about these ideas, will help you succeed here. Comfortable working in at least one programming language (bonus points for Python or Go). You can’t write the tools you’ll need to get there if you don’t speak the language(s). Administration experience with Postgres or MySQL is desirable. Experience with AWS Lambdas would be very useful; a portion of our infrastructure is run in or managed by AWS Lambdas and we plan on doing more! Have experience across entire ecosystems from Local dev all the way through to Production and all of the microservice connections. Enjoy continually learning and using new technologies such as Kubernetes, Kafka, Lambda. A sense of humour. Are driven to automate, simplify, and improve through models such as SRE. Have had some exposure to Big Data or machine learning tools such as (Redshift, AWS Athena, Sagemaker, Hadoop, etc). Since you’ll be helping to support the Data and ML teams, this would be helpful, but not required. Have a life outside work; we all do and value our personal time. Our infrastructure is primarily AWS-based and we utilize all manner of AWS services: RDS, S3, ECS, Fargate, Athena, Redshift and DMS. Our site is not built using a single technology: our primary stack includes Python and Django, Ruby on Rails, and NodeJS but we also explore and experiment with brand new technologies to see how they can help fulfill our mission. A culture of shared ownership. We are human: Camila (and the rest of our team) is a real human being who is committed to giving you the best candidate experience out there. She's always happy to chat about Brazilian music, the Olympics, world travels, and her little yorkie! We acknowledge you. We will review and respond to every application, whether you are selected for an interview or not. We are here for you. We will coach and support you through your recruitment process to help you prepare for every step of the way as best as we can - your success is our success. We respect your time. We will do our best to review applications quickly, run multiple interviews on the same day, and follow up in a timely manner. We help you grow. We will gladly provide feedback if you ask us, because whether you join our team or not, we hope this will be a positive and valuable experience for you. We listen to you. We will also welcome your feedback, and we will take your suggestions to heart, so that we continuously provide the absolute best candidate experience. 
ScrapedJobID1260:
We develop animation technology, from performance capture through to a sophisticated runtime engine, for massive open world games. We are a global team of programmers and researchers who collaborate on pushing the boundaries of character animation on next generation hardware. We support and work closely with gameplay, animation, and technical art teams, across multiple projects at different Rockstar studios. Join our core animation technology team and work closely with performance capture, animation, rigging, technical art, and tools teams across different Rockstar studios. Develop, maintain, extend, and support new and existing libraries and DCC plugins exposing core animation and character technologies to a broader range of developers and artists. Implement well designed multi-language tools and DCC plugins improving technology availability across different content creation environments. Learn how to work with animation system features in a large, existing codebase. A degree in Computer Science or a related discipline, or equivalent industry experience. Experience developing tools and plugins for DCCs (e.g. Maya, Max, Motion Builder, Blender, Houdini etc) A passion for character-based games and for creating tools and DCC plugins that simplifies and speeds up content generation. Strong Python and C++ programming skills. Familiarity with networking (e.g. TCP/UDP sockets) or inter-process communication techniques. Good communication skills, ability to clearly share complex technical information with other programmers, animators and technical artists. Industry experience working on AAA character based games, or character based VFX animation. Experience creating Python bindings to C++ libraries. Strong 3D math skills. Experience animating or rigging (using skeletal bones or blend shapes) in Motion Builder, 3DS Max, Maya, Houdini, or Blender, etc. 
ScrapedJobID1261:
Setting technical strategy for the modernization of critical infrastructure and services Collaborating with partners on standard methodologies around full stack web development from backend systems, API's, to pushing the boundaries of front end rendering and speed. Guiding the growth of an engineering culture in a new organization Rapidly growing our content management system to the next generation, crafting a headless CMS and multiple dedicated rendering applications. Deep knowledge of web technologies and frameworks and how to customize and improve them. A passion for building web applications and pushing what frameworks like next.js and react can do The ability to thrive when frequently context switching across multiple stacks A talent for sophisticated API and software design that builds in future growth needs without sacrificing clarity or usability Comfortable working with teams across multiple geo locations. Some knowledge of Go, Java, PHP, next.JS, React, and Google Cloud Experience with Content Management Systems such as Drupal Some familiarity with eCommerce Définir la stratégie technique pour la modernisation de l'infrastructure et des services critiques S'aligner avec les parties prenantes au sein de Unity sur les meilleures pratiques en matière de développement Web intégral, des systèmes back-end aux API, jusqu'à repousser les limites du rendu et de la vitesse des applications front-end Diriger la croissance d'une culture du développement au sein d'une nouvelle organisation Étendre notre système de gestion de contenu à la prochaine génération, en créant un CMS sans tête et plusieurs applications de rendu dédiées Une connaissance approfondie des technologies et des frameworks Web, ainsi que de la manière de les personnaliser et de les améliorer Une passion pour la création d'applications Web et le développement des capacités de frameworks, comme next.js et react La capacité de s'épanouir en changeant fréquemment de contexte entre plusieurs piles Un talent pour la conception d'API et de logiciels complexes, qui tiennent compte des besoins de croissance futurs sans sacrifier la clarté ou la convivialité Une capacité à travailler avec des équipes réparties sur plusieurs sites géographiques Une certaine connaissance des technologies Go, Java, PHP, next.JS, React et Google Cloud Une expérience des systèmes de gestion de contenu tels que Drupal Une certaine familiarité avec le commerce électronique et le développement Web full-stack 
ScrapedJobID1262:
405 Avenue Ogilvy, Montréal, QC H3N 1M3, Canada Employees can work remotely Full-time Department: Code Location: Canada / Montreal Project: Dagger Expert in C++ and object-oriented programming with a strong 3D math background Minimum 3 years of software engineering experience Experience in programming movement, navigation, and decision-making AI Game designer's creativity Keen analytical mind Ability to write solid, reliable, efficient code Strong verbal and written communication skills in English High work ethic and self-motivation Passion for Games Excellent communication skills Unreal Engine 4 knowledge Shipped title experience Experience working on a mod/title on the Unreal Engine Performance and optimization skills BS (or higher) in Computer Science or similar discipline (Physics, Math, EE, etc. Competitive salary Personal development opportunities and the possibility to work in a multicultural environment. Working with highly-skilled, senior-level professionals. Being part of a young organization and having a true impact on your daily work. Opportunity to work on innovative, exciting AAA projects with the newest technologies. An informal atmosphere, no dress code, no unwanted formalities 
ScrapedJobID1263:
Work with product, analyst, and design teams to craft customer-facing features. Design, implement, test, and maintain web UI and backend services Collaborate with other team members to maintain a high-quality codebase Lead personal project priorities, expectations, and results Comfortable in implementing complex front and backend features Proficient in the ReactJS or AngularJS framework Experience with one of the following languages (Golang, Java, Kotlin or Node.js) Experience with relational or document databases such as PostgreSQL or MongoDB Experience with ads technology, game monetization, or game analytics Experience building a project from scratch Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to mentor Travailler avec les équipes de produits, d'analystes et de conception pour créer des fonctionnalités destinées aux clients Concevoir, implémenter, tester et maintenir des services d'interface Web et dorsaux Collaborer avec le reste de l'équipe pour maintenir une base de code de la plus haute qualité Diriger les priorités, les attentes et les résultats des projets personnels Une aisance avec la mise en œuvre de caractéristiques complexes frontales et dorsales Une maîtrise des cadres de travail ReactJS ou AngularJS Une expérience dans l'un des langages suivants (Golang, Java, Kotlin ou Node.js) Une expérience avec des bases de données relationnelles ou documentaires telles que PostgreSQL ou MongoDB Une expérience de la technologie publicitaire, de la monétisation de jeux ou de l'analyse de jeux Une expérience de construction d'un projet à partir de zéro Une excellentes compétences interpersonnelles et capacité à encadrer 
ScrapedJobID1264:

ScrapedJobID1265:
Using your extensive software engineering experience you’ll interface with customers to deliver bespoke solutions and successfully co-develop games using SpatialOS and our suite of tools. Work directly with our internal studios to drive development of our 1st party games using SpatialOS. Be a focal point for all in-depth technical problems across all external games studios, covering all areas of gameplay development, helping solve some of the hardest challenges within the industry. Working directly with our customers, you will establish technical requirements from creative or design-led pitches. You’ll build engine integration solutions and best practices to enable our partners to adopt our software successfully. You will become a master of SpatialOS engaging with multiple internal teams and a variety of customers, engines and technologies as we continue to grow. Demonstrable knowledge and passion for games and/or game development. Strong communication skills to effectively interact with external teams and stakeholders. Strong Software Engineering with flexibility in ambiguous environments Cloud computing Hunger to learn and improve. 
ScrapedJobID1266:
Collaborate with the Creative Director and Art Director to explore and establish the visual aesthetic of a new science-fiction IP, through sketches, concepts, and look development. Bring strong creative ideas and an ability to polish them to high quality, through sophisticated art techniques in lighting, composition, materials, and rendering methods. Participate in story, game, and design discussions, and help explore new ideas through sketching and rough concepts that quickly illustrate different possibilities. Create concepts for specific game needs as well as your own proactive ideas inspired by the theme of the IP
Seek and respond to feedback from other team members 3+ years experience in videogames, TV, or film A portfolio showcasing your experience with sci-fi concepts of characters, objects, and environments A passion for science-fiction and a talent for producing original creative ideas Ability to use 3D software as part of your workflow Self-motivated and able to collaborate well with team members of all development disciplines 
ScrapedJobID1267:
Contribute in the full lifecycle management of software development, including requirement gathering and analysis, design, task/issue management, implementation, release, and support. Write code! Become familiar with our tech-stack and develop code that produces highly usable, robust, and reliable solutions for our customers. Use industry standard practices and patterns such Micro Services and APIs to design and develop complex solutions Write automated unit and integration tests to validate the code is doing what it’s designed for and saving effort for subsequent manual testing. Improve our DevOps and CI/CD pipelines which support our Development and Quality Assurance teams. Research and integrate with COTS solutions, 3rd party software, legacy systems, and peripherals. Be part of a great team! Learn, share, and work with your colleagues to bring ideas forward – we want to hear them! Full stack development experience using one of more of our core technologies is an asset (Micro services, APIs, JavaScript, CSS, .Net C#, Redis, NodeJS, React, SQL) DevOps and Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery Designing/developing scalable solution for cloud and on-prem Documenting solutions using UML, OpenAPI and other standards (or the back of a napkin) Planning and tracking work items/sprints Self-directed learner, continuously learning new technology Attention to detail and quality A passion for helping people Expert organization skills Good judgement and dedication to providing a quality product The ability to obtain, and maintain, Government of Canada Level 1 (Reliability) clearance. 
ScrapedJobID1268:
Diplomatically collaborate with a wide variety of customer personalities Own the support relationship for Unity's highest-profile customers Define and execute a strategic customer success plan Advance customer issues by enlisting resources inside and outside of the team Build and maintain real-time reporting of responsiveness, service quality and customer happiness A passion and an understanding of customer success in an area of realtime 3D, games, or technology Experience nurturing and growing strategic relationships Outstanding written and verbal communication skills with a proficiency in English and French Able to work flexible hours to engage with our worldwide organization and customer base A willingness to travel both domestically and internationally Knowledge of the games industry, including games services or other intersecting industries Demonstrated proficiency as a Technical Project Manager, Producer, Technical Account Manager or a similar position Experience working - either individually or on a team - directly in Unity, or any realtime 3D creation software Collaborer avec tact avec une grande variété de clients aux personnalités diverses Assumer la responsabilité du soutien aux clients les plus importants de Unity Définir et appliquer un plan stratégique de réussite client Résoudre les problèmes des clients en faisant appel à des ressources internes et externes à l'équipe Créer et maintenir des rapports en temps réel sur la réactivité, la qualité du service et le bonheur de la clientèle Une passion et une compréhension de la réussite du client dans un domaine de la 3D en temps réel, des jeux vidéo ou de la technologie Une expérience en matière de développement et de croissance des relations stratégiques Des compétences exceptionnelles en communication écrite et orale, avec une bonne maîtrise de l'anglais et du français Être en mesure de travailler selon un horaire flexible afin de collaborer avec nos différentes équipes et nos différents clients à travers le monde Une volonté de se déplacer à l'intérieur et à l'extérieur du pays Expérience de l'industrie des jeux vidéo, notamment dans celle des services de jeux ou dans d'autres industries croisées Expérience comme responsable ou producteur de projet technique ou gestionnaire de compte technique ou un poste similaire Expérience de travail directement dans Unity ou tout autre logiciel de création 3D en temps réel, individuellement ou en équipe 
ScrapedJobID1269:
Help drive the design and implementation of new services for our platform Collaborate with multi-functional teams including Data and Customer Satisfaction Design and code products that are scalable, resilient, and fully tested Deliver a quality resulting in customer delight for your product(s) Demonstrated knowledge of modern server development, threading/concurrency, networking, automated testing in at scale Experience with development from the design stage to fielding and supporting code Proficiency in more than 1 mainstream programming language. Understanding of cloud data storage techniques and standard methodologies Willingness to guide and mentor other specialists as the team expands, someone who will set the bar on excellent delivery while solidly supporting the team Experience with Golang, Python, and/or Linux Deep knowledge building high-performance and high-availability distributed systems Experience in game development or social / communication services Help drive the design and implementation of new services for our platform Collaborate with multi-functional teams including Data and Customer Satisfaction Design and code products that are scalable, resilient, and fully tested Deliver a quality resulting in customer delight for your product(s) Demonstrated knowledge of modern server development, threading/concurrency, networking, automated testing in at scale Experience with development from the design stage to fielding and supporting code Proficiency in more than 1 mainstream programming language. Understanding of cloud data storage techniques and standard methodologies Willingness to guide and mentor other specialists as the team expands, someone who will set the bar on excellent delivery while solidly supporting the team Experience with Golang, Python, and/or Linux Deep knowledge building high-performance and high-availability distributed systems Experience in game development or social / communication services 
ScrapedJobID1270:
Develop a thorough understanding of the volumetric streaming ecosystem and continually assess the competitive landscape and emerging trends. Build and test real-time live streaming across all current and upcoming platforms. Works with other teams and partners to understand project requirements and develop a specific technical workflow for streaming and broadcasting. Research and implement state of the art algorithms for domain adaptation. Write clean, maintainable production based code and review application and test code. Experience with C++/Python/Go and software development methodology. Experience with containerization technology and Kubernetes. Expert level skills with object-oriented programming concepts and an understanding of how to write performant, scalable and memory efficient code. Solid understanding of network protocols (TCP/UDP, DHCP, DNS) and experience with IPv4 and IPv6. Knowledge of networking and cloud infrastructure (QoS, HTTP 1.0/2.0, Concurrency Framework) along with troubleshooting skills using network analysis tools. Knowledge of media encoding and transcoding, packaging, and familiarity with realtime streaming. Understanding of professional broadcast protocols, including MPEG-TS and RTP Knowledge of video streaming protocols: HTTP Live Streaming (HLS), DASH, RTMP, RTSP, etc 
ScrapedJobID1271:
Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site parking RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday How many years experience do you have with C#? How many years experience do you have designing and implementing reliable, scalable software? Yes 
ScrapedJobID1272:
Join a tight-knit team of smart, motivated Operations Engineers (reporting to the Operations Engineering Manager) who are striving to be better than the day before. We challenge each other’s thinking, and are continuously looking to try to solve problems using new solutions. To us, “that’s how everyone else does it” just isn’t good enough. Build, manage and maintain Wave’s cloud infrastructure, following Infrastructure-as-Code principles and using a mix of different technologies. Engage in a mix of long term project work and short term responsive work. We aim to support each other and the company, and achieve this by rotating daily shifts dedicated to Point-Of-Contact support. Develop tools to support continuous delivery to empower developers. There are always better ways to do things and we’re here to help facilitate and automate that for the rest of Engineering at Wave. Collaborate with development and support teams to help them make our engineers’ lives better. Have the opportunity to be involved in many projects, learn and suggest new solutions and be continuously challenged to find creative new solutions or code your own. Participate in an on-call rotation, including off-hours and holidays. Our escalation volume is low and our focus on continuous improvement will keep it that way! This duty is shared with Development teams which helps keep interruptions to a minimum. Live our team values of cooperation, empathy, continuous improvement, and cross-functional thinking. 5+ years interesting experience supporting resilient, highly-available production systems. 3 years of experience working with cloud-based infrastructure: with a focus on infrastructure as code in AWS using Terraform or Cloudformation. Have experience running container orchestration tools such as Kubernetes, EKS or ECS in a production environment. We run a large container-based environment and are working to provide a dedicated set of tools and pipelines to service our applications. Experience with Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery. This is something Operations Engineering at Wave truly believes in. Past experience in it, or a desire to learn more about these ideas, will help you succeed here. Comfortable working in at least one programming language (bonus points for Python or Go). You can’t write the tools you’ll need to get there if you don’t speak the language(s). Administration experience with Postgres or MySQL is desirable. Experience with AWS Lambdas would be very useful; a portion of our infrastructure is run in or managed by AWS Lambdas and we plan on doing more! Have experience across entire ecosystems from Local dev all the way through to Production and all of the microservice connections. Enjoy continually learning and using new technologies such as Kubernetes, Kafka, Lambda. A sense of humour. Are driven to automate, simplify, and improve through models such as SRE. Have had some exposure to Big Data or machine learning tools such as (Redshift, AWS Athena, Sagemaker, Hadoop, etc). Since you’ll be helping to support the Data and ML teams, this would be helpful, but not required. Have a life outside work; we all do and value our personal time. Our infrastructure is primarily AWS-based and we utilize all manner of AWS services: RDS, S3, ECS, Fargate, Athena, Redshift and DMS. Our site is not built using a single technology: our primary stack includes Python and Django, Ruby on Rails, and NodeJS but we also explore and experiment with brand new technologies to see how they can help fulfill our mission. A culture of shared ownership. We are human: Camila (and the rest of our team) is a real human being who is committed to giving you the best candidate experience out there. She's always happy to chat about Brazilian music, the Olympics, world travels, and her little yorkie! We acknowledge you. We will review and respond to every application, whether you are selected for an interview or not. We are here for you. We will coach and support you through your recruitment process to help you prepare for every step of the way as best as we can - your success is our success. We respect your time. We will do our best to review applications quickly, run multiple interviews on the same day, and follow up in a timely manner. We help you grow. We will gladly provide feedback if you ask us, because whether you join our team or not, we hope this will be a positive and valuable experience for you. We listen to you. We will also welcome your feedback, and we will take your suggestions to heart, so that we continuously provide the absolute best candidate experience. 
ScrapedJobID1273:
We develop animation technology, from performance capture through to a sophisticated runtime engine, for massive open world games. We are a global team of programmers and researchers who collaborate on pushing the boundaries of character animation on next generation hardware. We support and work closely with gameplay, animation, and technical art teams, across multiple projects at different Rockstar studios. Join our core animation technology team and work closely with performance capture, animation, rigging, technical art, and tools teams across different Rockstar studios. Develop, maintain, extend, and support new and existing libraries and DCC plugins exposing core animation and character technologies to a broader range of developers and artists. Implement well designed multi-language tools and DCC plugins improving technology availability across different content creation environments. Learn how to work with animation system features in a large, existing codebase. A degree in Computer Science or a related discipline, or equivalent industry experience. Experience developing tools and plugins for DCCs (e.g. Maya, Max, Motion Builder, Blender, Houdini etc) A passion for character-based games and for creating tools and DCC plugins that simplifies and speeds up content generation. Strong Python and C++ programming skills. Familiarity with networking (e.g. TCP/UDP sockets) or inter-process communication techniques. Good communication skills, ability to clearly share complex technical information with other programmers, animators and technical artists. Industry experience working on AAA character based games, or character based VFX animation. Experience creating Python bindings to C++ libraries. Strong 3D math skills. Experience animating or rigging (using skeletal bones or blend shapes) in Motion Builder, 3DS Max, Maya, Houdini, or Blender, etc. 
ScrapedJobID1274:
Setting technical strategy for the modernization of critical infrastructure and services Collaborating with partners on standard methodologies around full stack web development from backend systems, API's, to pushing the boundaries of front end rendering and speed. Guiding the growth of an engineering culture in a new organization Rapidly growing our content management system to the next generation, crafting a headless CMS and multiple dedicated rendering applications. Deep knowledge of web technologies and frameworks and how to customize and improve them. A passion for building web applications and pushing what frameworks like next.js and react can do The ability to thrive when frequently context switching across multiple stacks A talent for sophisticated API and software design that builds in future growth needs without sacrificing clarity or usability Comfortable working with teams across multiple geo locations. Some knowledge of Go, Java, PHP, next.JS, React, and Google Cloud Experience with Content Management Systems such as Drupal Some familiarity with eCommerce Définir la stratégie technique pour la modernisation de l'infrastructure et des services critiques S'aligner avec les parties prenantes au sein de Unity sur les meilleures pratiques en matière de développement Web intégral, des systèmes back-end aux API, jusqu'à repousser les limites du rendu et de la vitesse des applications front-end Diriger la croissance d'une culture du développement au sein d'une nouvelle organisation Étendre notre système de gestion de contenu à la prochaine génération, en créant un CMS sans tête et plusieurs applications de rendu dédiées Une connaissance approfondie des technologies et des frameworks Web, ainsi que de la manière de les personnaliser et de les améliorer Une passion pour la création d'applications Web et le développement des capacités de frameworks, comme next.js et react La capacité de s'épanouir en changeant fréquemment de contexte entre plusieurs piles Un talent pour la conception d'API et de logiciels complexes, qui tiennent compte des besoins de croissance futurs sans sacrifier la clarté ou la convivialité Une capacité à travailler avec des équipes réparties sur plusieurs sites géographiques Une certaine connaissance des technologies Go, Java, PHP, next.JS, React et Google Cloud Une expérience des systèmes de gestion de contenu tels que Drupal Une certaine familiarité avec le commerce électronique et le développement Web full-stack 
ScrapedJobID1275:
405 Avenue Ogilvy, Montréal, QC H3N 1M3, Canada Employees can work remotely Full-time Department: Code Location: Canada / Montreal Project: Dagger Expert in C++ and object-oriented programming with a strong 3D math background Minimum 3 years of software engineering experience Experience in programming movement, navigation, and decision-making AI Game designer's creativity Keen analytical mind Ability to write solid, reliable, efficient code Strong verbal and written communication skills in English High work ethic and self-motivation Passion for Games Excellent communication skills Unreal Engine 4 knowledge Shipped title experience Experience working on a mod/title on the Unreal Engine Performance and optimization skills BS (or higher) in Computer Science or similar discipline (Physics, Math, EE, etc. Competitive salary Personal development opportunities and the possibility to work in a multicultural environment. Working with highly-skilled, senior-level professionals. Being part of a young organization and having a true impact on your daily work. Opportunity to work on innovative, exciting AAA projects with the newest technologies. An informal atmosphere, no dress code, no unwanted formalities 
ScrapedJobID1276:
Work with product, analyst, and design teams to craft customer-facing features. Design, implement, test, and maintain web UI and backend services Collaborate with other team members to maintain a high-quality codebase Lead personal project priorities, expectations, and results Comfortable in implementing complex front and backend features Proficient in the ReactJS or AngularJS framework Experience with one of the following languages (Golang, Java, Kotlin or Node.js) Experience with relational or document databases such as PostgreSQL or MongoDB Experience with ads technology, game monetization, or game analytics Experience building a project from scratch Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to mentor Travailler avec les équipes de produits, d'analystes et de conception pour créer des fonctionnalités destinées aux clients Concevoir, implémenter, tester et maintenir des services d'interface Web et dorsaux Collaborer avec le reste de l'équipe pour maintenir une base de code de la plus haute qualité Diriger les priorités, les attentes et les résultats des projets personnels Une aisance avec la mise en œuvre de caractéristiques complexes frontales et dorsales Une maîtrise des cadres de travail ReactJS ou AngularJS Une expérience dans l'un des langages suivants (Golang, Java, Kotlin ou Node.js) Une expérience avec des bases de données relationnelles ou documentaires telles que PostgreSQL ou MongoDB Une expérience de la technologie publicitaire, de la monétisation de jeux ou de l'analyse de jeux Une expérience de construction d'un projet à partir de zéro Une excellentes compétences interpersonnelles et capacité à encadrer 
ScrapedJobID1277:
A collaborative, transparent, and engaging culture, working with awesome technology! Competitive salary and performance-based variable compensation Paid Professional Development time Plenty of vacation and personal days Flexible work options Lucrative employee referral program Employee benefits including RRSP matching and WorkPerks (corporate discounts on travel, fitness Vibrant social crew to organize team events, fundraising, and community initiatives Endless opportunities to learn and grow Fully equipped gym facilities Rec room with pool table, foosball, and video games 
ScrapedJobID1278:
Develop frontend UI components, using React, for key systems such as screen flow, menu architecture, event systems, match-making and lobby UI, and in-game 2D heads-up display Work closely with UI artists and designers to implement mockups as working components using CSS Interact with other engineers to improve the whole technical team and process Assess requirements and provide effort estimates to guide an evolving development plan Embrace and help improve our engineering practices for solid design, testing, and implementation 3+ years of proven web development experience with React. Experience with React Hooks Strong familiarity with CSS3 for layout and styling Self direction and a proven ability to thrive in a highly dynamic environment Strong interdisciplinary collaboration skills, including verbal and written skills Ability to work with an existing code base. Experience with Typescript Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent Understanding of modern C++ Experience shipping AAA games Demonstrated passion for games and technology Experience with Unity 3D, Unreal, or other similar full-featured game engine. 
ScrapedJobID1279:
B.S. in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience 7+ years of production experience in software development Knowledge and production experience of Java (Spring Framework), Python, Go Solid foundation in system architecture, API, and software design with strong analytical and debugging skills Experience building high-performance, large-scale applications, and reliable software Ability to mentor others and coordinate a project across multiple developers Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, documentation, and operations Experience with containers (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes) and cloud environments like Amazon’s AWS; Familiar with infrastructure as code (e.g. Terraform) Worked on production systems with both relational and NoSQL database technologies Experience in analytics and big data is a plus Solid knowledge of Node.js and web frameworks such as AngularJS/Backbone/Ember (preferred) or React and Flux/Redux Excellent communication skills, and the ability to work effectively with others in a team environment. Work in a studio that has complete P&L ownership of games Competitive salary, discretionary annual bonus scheme and Zynga RSUs Full medical, accident as well as life insurance benefits Catered breakfast, lunch and evening snacks Child care facilities for women employees and discounted facilities for male employees Well stocked pantry Generous Paid Maternity/Paternity leave Employee Assistance Programs Active Employee Resource Groups – Women at Zynga Frequent employee events Additional leave options for most employees Flexible working hours on many teams Casual dress every single day Work with cool people and impact millions of daily players! 
ScrapedJobID1280:
Travailler en collaboration avec les directeurs de projet pour définir la vision du jeu; Développer le style visuel (Ton, ambiance, lieux, personnages, etc.) avec les artistes de concepts et les équipes artistiques 3d; Créez le guide de style visuel du jeu (« Mood boards », références et descriptions); Coordonner et superviser l'équipe artistique pendant la production; Maintenir l'équilibre entre la vision artistique, la vision du jeu et la faisabilité technique; Passer en revue les contenus visuels du jeu et fournir la rétroaction nécessaire pour atteindre la qualité visée; Collaborez avec les autres chefs d’équipe du projet à toutes les étapes du développement; Participer activement au recrutement en vue de bâtir l'équipe artistique; Interfacer avec les partenaires externes liés au projet (Sous-contractants, éditeurs, médias, etc.) Avoir une bonne culture artistique générale; 10 ans ou plus d’expérience en tant qu'Artiste, ou Directeur artistique dans l’industrie du jeu vidéo; Avoir livré au moins 4 titres multiplateformes; Capacité à exprimer ses idées et à faire de la critique constructive; Compétences managériales; Maîtrise les techniques de production artistique en jeu vidéo; Aptitude démontrée à pouvoir résoudre des problèmes complexes. Adepte du Système D; Excellent esprit de leadership et de relations interpersonnelles; Enthousiaste, positif, esprit axé sur l’équipe. Work collaboratively with the project managers to define the vision for the game; Develop the visual style (tone, mood, locations, characters, etc.) with the concept artists and 3d art teams; Create the visual style guide for the game ("Mood boards", references and descriptions); Coordinate and supervise the art team during production; Maintain the balance between the artistic vision, the game vision and the technical feasibility; Review the visual content of the game and provide feedback to achieve the desired quality; Collaborate with other project team leaders in all stages of development; Actively participate in recruiment to build the art team; Interfacing with external partners related to the project (sub-contractors, publishers, media, etc.) Have a good general art culture; 10+ years of experience as an Artist or Art Director in the video game industry; Have delivered at least 4 multiplatform titles; Ability to express ideas and provide constructive criticism; Managerial skills; Mastery of video game art production techniques; Demonstrated ability to solve complex problems. (resourceful) Excellent leadership and interpersonal skills; Enthusiastic, positive, team-oriented spirit. 
ScrapedJobID1281:
What we’d like: Proficient in JavaScript frameworks, e.g., React, Angular, Vue.js. 5+ years of experience in Java Framework Must have experience with Azure and/or AWS Experience in web application frameworks. Experience in web services. Experience working in both Agile and Waterfall environments. Knowledge of SOLID design principles. Experience with unit tests and mocking frameworks. Understanding of database technologies and performance tuning. Professional Development budget and days Interest-free tech-enablement loans A Career Mentor to support your growth and development RRSP/401K matches Bonus programs Wellness program 
ScrapedJobID1282:
Écrire un code évolutif, robuste, testable, efficace et facilement maintenable. Traduire les exigences logicielles en logiciels stables, fonctionnels et performants. Jouer un rôle dans les décisions d'architecture et de conception, en construisant vers une architecture distribuée efficace de microservices. Améliorer la méthodologie personnalisée Kubernetes/AWS Infrastructure as Code (IaC) en utilisant principalement Bash, ou Python. Maintenir une ligne de communication constante avec les autres membres de la compagnie via courriels, JIRA et Slack. Toutes autres tâches connexes +5ans d’expérience dans un environnement qui développe des logiciels de haute qualité comme Python, Go, Java ou Rust. Expertise dans la mise en service de micro services (utilisationd’outils et de technologies pour la messagerie RPC, conteneurisation, etc.). Expertise en conception et développementà l’aide de bases de données (SGBDR, NoSQL). Connaîtreles techniques avancées de gestion du code source avec GitHub, GitLab ou Gerrit. Faire preuvede minutie, de rigueur, d'organisation, de gestion du temps et du stress. Êtredébrouillard(e) et avoir une excellente capacité de résolution de problème. Avoir un esprit d’équipe, êtreautonome et organisé(e). Heures de travail flexibles Salaire de base très compétitif Politique de télétravail flexible Assurances collectives complètes offertes à 100% Jours de vacances et de maladie avantageuses dès le 1er jour Un environnement de travail stimulant, une ambiance décontractée ainsi qu’une salle à manger toute équipée avec café à volonté Une salle de sport et de jeux sur place Activités de groupe – barbecue, vendredi pizza, 5@7, billard, karting, etc. (hors pandémie) Write scalable, robust, testable, efficient, and easily maintainable code. Translate software requirements into stable, working, high performance software. Play a role in architectural and design decisions, building towards an efficient microservices distributed architecture. Improve custom Kubernetes/AWS Infrastructure as Code (IaC) methodology using mostly Bash, or Python. Maintain a constant line of communication with the Company's staff through Email, Jira, and Slack. All other related tasks 5+ years' experience in an enterprise environment developing high quality software in Python, Go, Java or Rust. Expertise in implementing Microservices (using tools and technologies for messaging, RPC, containerization, etc). Expertise in design and development using databases (RDBMS, NoSQL). Familiarity of advanced Source Code Management techniques with GitHub, GitLab, or Gerrit. Excellent problem-solving skills. Demonstrate intrinsic motivation and initiative, be resourceful and autonomous. A team spirit, demonstrate thoroughness, rigor, organization, time and stress management. Flexible working hours Competitive salary Flexible work from home policy A flat hierarchy that fosters communication between everyone Work alongside an international team comprised of industry experts Full group insurance offered at 100% Advantageous vacation and sick days from day 1 A stimulating work environment, a relaxed atmosphere as well as a fully equipped dining room with unlimited coffee On-site gym, ping-pong table and games Many group activities: on-site barbecues, pizza days, 5@7, billiards, karting, etc. (Post pandemic) Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Montréal, QC: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred) French (preferred) English (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1283:
Health and Dental Benefits $1000 towards your health and wellness expenses 3-week paid vacation An inclusive environment Mentorship and career growth Company socials, meditation room, pool table and games room, free massages RRSP matching, ESPP contributions, annual bonus Working at the company ranked #1 in the Great Place to Work survey 2019 BS/MS in computer science or equivalent work experience 2+ years experience developing web, software, or mobile applications Solid grasp of software engineering fundamentals and their practical application Solid grasp of JavaScript fundamentals such as closures, prototype, callbacks, promises, error handling Experience with Object Oriented Languages such as: Java/J2EE, C#, Python, C++ Understand and preferably have experience with web services Understand unit testing and Test Driven Development Helpful, can-do attitude and a willingness to take ownership of problems Strong desire to learn and grow Excellent problem solving skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Commitment to team success and positive team dynamics Deliver high quality full-stack applications (requirements, design, code, documentation, etc.) Roughly 70-80% hands-on coding Contribute to early quality activities, including peer reviews of estimates, designs and code Resolve defects/bugs Partner with team members to deliver against commitments Grow and apply technical skills in service to customers Experience Agile Development, SCRUM, and/or Extreme Programming methodologies 
ScrapedJobID1284:
4+ years of professional software development experience with at least 3 years focus on Backend API design and development Expert knowledge of Python (3+ years) and experience with popular web frameworks, ideally Django/FastAPI (2+ years) You are proficient in SQL data modeling and have practical experience with PostgreSQL (1+ years) You have built HTTP/JSON APIs following RESTful guidelines and GraphQL You can write meaningful, relevant, high-quality automated tests and worked with CI/CD You have experience working with cache solutions and distributed task schedulers. e.g. redis, memcache, celery You have deployed application code to AWS or similar cloud providers You have a strong understanding of agile principles and methodologies, including workflows and ceremonies You have been part of an agile development team and favor open communication, constant feedback, and short decision paths Is a solid and influential communicator in both verbal and written forms Knows about data protection and security Has additional experience or interest in other multiparadigm languages such as NodeJS, Elixir, Go, etc Is by nature highly team-oriented and collaborative: believes the best work can be achieved when a talented group of smart people works effectively together Has a "never-stop-learning" attitude and a desire to develop and grow Has a natural leadership ability with a strong capacity to mentor other less experienced developers Has experience with infrastructure management tools such as Docker, Terraform, and Ansible After you pass our initial screening, we'll set up a Google Hangout with you as soon as possible to get to know each-other better. You'll be given a minimal coding exercise to complete and submit back to us within a given timeframe. Once we have evaluated your code, you'll get a chance to talk with one of our devs, where you may be asked to make adjustments to your code, so be prepared. After the technical round, you'll be talking to Saurabh (Director of Web Engineering) and then Aubryn (our Managing Director) & Lisa (Director of Operations), these calls are more of a courtesy calls where you'll have an opportunity to ask any questions around the leadership and the organization. We make you an offer! Annual performance bonuses Unlimited vacation policy (24 days required per year) 12 paid company holidays 12 paid holidays (days chosen by you) 12 paid sick or personal days per year Extended health, dental, and life insurance coverage Yearly anniversary gifts from Fueled ($500 USD) Monthly working from home budget (C$200 CAD) Employee and client referral bonuses Company-supplied Apple machine Quarterly team meals and activities Departmental Learning & Development budgets Guaranteed time off for the week between Christmas and New Year's Day Happy hours, trivia nights, board game nights, and more 
ScrapedJobID1285:
Contribute, design, implement, test, and improve the SDK and Unity Editor integrations Learn and collaborate with other team members to ensure high-quality product delivery that brings the best experience to game developers and gamers Write high-quality and scalable code that supports the existing and future functionality of the product At least 3 years of C# programming experience Experience with Unity Experience with writing and maintaining efficient code at scale A curiosity about the Blockchain space, wallets, minting and cryptocurrencies Contribuer, concevoir, mettre en œuvre, tester et améliorer le SDK NFT et les intégrations de l'éditeur Unity Collaborer avec les membres de votre équipe pour apprendre et assurer la livraison de produits de haute qualité, qui offrent la meilleure expérience aux développeur(euse)s de jeux et aux joueurs Rédiger du code évolutif de grande qualité qui prend en charge les fonctionnalités actuelles et futures des produits Au moins 3 ans d'expérience en programmation en langage C# Une expérience avec Unity Une expérience en matière de rédaction et de maintien d'un code efficace à l'échelle Une curiosité au sujet de la thématique de la chaîne de blocs, des portefeuilles, de la frappe de monnaie et des cryptomonnaies (Bitcoin, Ethereum) 
ScrapedJobID1286:
Work with the Creative Director and Art Director to adapt aesthetic concepts to real 3D game assets Create a variety of high quality, game-ready 3D models and shaders, including characters, vehicles, and props Define a standard for art assets and support the integration and feedback of outsourced art Collaborate with other team members to ensure art is integrated seamlessly with other facets of the game 5 years experience or at least one shipped title as a 3D Artist Experience creating high-quality models and shaders for Unreal Engine Broad 3D art skills, including photogrammetry, retopology, UV unwrapping, shader editors Able to create a variety of art at high quality, including characters, environmental objects, vehicles, and props Self-motivated and able to collaborate well with team members of all development disciplines 
ScrapedJobID1287:
Design innovative and engaging digital experiences for web, mobile, tablet, and smart device technology. Create high-fidelity design artifacts such as annotated wireframes, visual design comps, storyboards, and interactive prototypes as necessary to communicate your designs to users, stakeholders, and teammates. Lead UX design activities on digital product development teams. Use UX research techniques, including interviews, surveys, task/workflow analysis, focus group sessions, or diary studies to drive your designs. Mentor and share knowledge with others to help sustain a user-centered, design thinking culture within Digital Studio and Online. Minimum of 2 years’ experience as a UX designer on a product development team. Proficiency in design tools such as Sketch / Figma, InVision Studio, Adobe Creative Suite and Axure. Proficiency in UX disciplines, such as interaction design, information architecture, visual design, user research, and front-end development. Familiarity with standards-compliant web and mobile design patterns. Ability to communicate UX principles, goals, and design processes to clients and team members. Related degree or diploma, such as design, HCI, interaction design, psychology, human factors, or computer science. Professional Development budget and days Interest-free tech-enablement loans A Career Mentor to support your growth and development RRSP/401K matches Bonus programs Wellness program 
ScrapedJobID1288:
Learn and understand features of the Veeva Vault platform and applications Collaborate with Developer, Product Owners, DevOps, and other QA teams to ensure the highest quality of the product by implementing automation-focused solutions. Perform automation feasibility analysis of assigned test cases Develop and maintain automated test scripts (API & UI) for functional regression coverage Work on CI/CD tools (Git, Jenkins, Kibana, JIRA) on a daily basis Identify areas of improvement for automation strategies and framework Participate actively in functional, system, integration, and regression testing activities Provide technical mentorship to junior team members including code reviews 6+ years of experience in software test automation Strong experience in Java, Object-Oriented Methodologies Extensive experience with automated API & UI test frameworks (e.g. Cucumber, Selenium, TestNG) Good working knowledge with CI/CD and continuous testing approach using tools such as Git, Jenkins, and Maven Experience testing software applications built on a common platform Good understanding of modern best practices for software development like design patterns, code reusability, extensibility, and maintainability Strong verbal and written communication skills Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent Experience working in Unix/Linux and AWS environments Experience with Atlassian products such as Jira and Confluence Knowledge of Pharma Live Sciences and Health Care Industry Conveniently located in downtown Toronto Snacks, beverages, and weekly lunches from local restaurants Team events and rec league sports teams Allocations for continuous learning & development Health & wellness programs Weekly yoga classes Ping pong and other games 
ScrapedJobID1289:
Python to build the backend of GridOS. React JavaScript on the front end of GridOS. Docker for containerization and deployment. Gitlab for repository management. Ansible to deploy environment configurations. Terraform to provision new environments. Develop new user-facing features and refactor and enhance existing features Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs Optimize applications for maximum speed and scalability and build reusable code and libraries Assure that all user input is validated before submitting to back-end services Support testing processes, troubleshoot and resolve issues. Work in an Agile/SCRUM team setting including cross-functional structures and varying levels of management. The education. You have a degree in Computer Science or equivalent. The experience. You have 3+ years experience developing large, stateful, component-based web applications using modern JavaScript frameworks (i.e. React, Angular, AngularJS, Vue, etc.) Since we use React, you must have a thorough understanding of React.js and its core principles. You’re familiar with version control systems and automated testing frameworks. The technical expertise. Your programming skills are strong and you can quickly learn new technologies. You have good understanding of web markup, including HTML5 and CSS3 and familiar with CSS preprocessors such as Sass, front-end build tools, such as Webpack, Grunt, and/or Gulp.js and with JavaScript module loaders, such as Require.js and AMD. You are also proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around such issues and browser rendering behaviour and performance. The communication. You have great communication skills that help you build positive relationships with your teammates. 
ScrapedJobID1290:
Implement, debug and optimize major systems in C/C++ and other languages in the context of a large cross platform codebase Spearhead development of innovative gameplay experiences Contribute to game architecture and technical designs and postmortems Perform data and code analysis to identify improvement opportunities Provide mentorship to less experienced engineers Minimum 5 years of industry experience in a Gameplay Engineering or similar position Multiple shipped game titles for Senior level Proficiency in C/C++ Proficiency in scripting language such Python, LUA or similar Advanced knowledge of algorithms and data structures Advanced optimization skills - code and data Advanced debugging skills - comfortable debugging optimized builds in multithreaded and cross platform (networking) context. Solid math skills – especially linear algebra and 3D vector math Game knowledge and an understanding of the design principles behind games Able to collaborate with other engineers as well as non-technical team members Ability to work well in a fluid, changing environment as creative challenges evolve B.S. in Computer Science or equivalent experience And most importantly, a passion for making games Advanced programming specialty, such as low level network programming, High Level Shader Language (HLSL), SSE assembly, etc Expertise and passion in one or more of the following areas: AI, User Interfaces, Animation, General Game-play Previously shipped AAA titles 
ScrapedJobID1291:
Help advance Unreal Engine to improve the iOS game development experience for hundreds of developers at Epic and thousands of Unreal Engine subscribers around the world Optimise C++ workflows and content-wrangling pipelines Make significant improvements to the workflow for professional developers making high-end mobile games using Unreal Engine Work with our partners to bring the latest mobile technologies to Unreal Engine Optimise and problem solving to help ship Epic's internal mobile titles Improving workflow and user experience Extensive experience with C++ Excellent understanding of the iOS platform ecosystem Professional game or engine development experience on mobile Experience using mobile toolchains, build systems, development tools and platform APIs Experience working on platform-level systems such as I/O, input handling, memory management, patching, deployment, third-party libraries, and framework integration, etc Exposure to mobile rendering and mobile GPU implementations in modern mobile devices You're user-focused, passionate, scrappy, solutions-focused, and innovative. These traits equal success at Epic and influence everything we do. 
ScrapedJobID1292:
A bachelor's degree in computer science or computer engineering A minimum of 8 years of software development experience A minimum of 3 years experience in managing a team of programmers (task distribution, performance evaluation, etc.) A good command of different programming languages (C ++, C #, SQL, WPF and others) Excellent communication and strategic leadership skills The ability to stay calm in difficult situations (you know there is always a solution) The ability to put yourself in the shoes of other trades and users of your systems Strong interest in the video game production process Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID1293:
Développer, améliorer et maintenir les fonctionnalités principales en utilisant React; Comprendre le contexte commercial et les scénarios d’utilisation par les clients; Collaborer directement avec les parties prenantes pour créer des expériences utilisateur plaisantes; Veiller au respect des politiques et des pratiques de sécurité, conformément aux autorités de contrôle internes et externes; Agir à titre de conseiller ou de guide auprès des nouveaux intégrateurs Web ou des moins expérimentés; Capacité à fonctionner de façon autonome, même si une certaine supervision et des instructions peuvent être requises. Expérience de cinq ans et plus concernant des bibliothèques telles que React, HTML et CSS; Expérience en matière de conception et de développement de produits; Expérience concernant les outils de prototypage (Fima, Sketch, etc.); Maîtrise de Node.js; Maîtrise d’AWS comme plateforme infonuagique; Expérience avec CI/CD; Expérience pour transposer les exigences en solutions à l’aide d’une documentation technique détaillée; Aisance en anglais. Maîtrise de SQL; Expérience concernant le service de base de données DynamoDB; SonarQube. Excellentes compétences pour communiquer, à l’écrit et à l’oral, avec les individus et les équipes, et ce, à tous les échelons de l’entreprise; Grande habileté à gérer son temps, le stress et à s’organiser; Souci du détail, mais capacité à comprendre la situation dans son ensemble; Capacité à analyser et à documenter des processus commerciaux complexes; Expérience quant à la communication avec des utilisateurs professionnels; Bonnes aptitudes pour la gestion de projet; Orientation confirmée pour le service à la clientèle; Capacité avérée à résoudre des problèmes et à apporter des solutions à des questions liées aux affaires ou aux données. Develop, enhance, and maintain core features using React Understand the business context and the associated customer use cases Collaborate directly with stakeholders to build delightful user experiences Ensure compliance with security policies and practices in accordance with internal and external audit governing bodies Serve as advisor or coach to new or less experienced front-end developers Expected to operate with autonomy, while some oversight and direction may be required 5+ years’ experience with React, HTML and CSS Experience with design and product development Proficiency with Node.js Proficiency with AWS as cloud platform Experience with CI/CD Experience in translating requirements with solutions using Detailed Technical documentation Fluency in English. Proficiency with SQL Experience with DynamoDB SonarQube Excellent written and oral communication skills with individuals and teams at all levels of the organization. Excellent time and stress management and organizational skills. Detail oriented but able to understand the big picture Ability to analyze and document complex business processes Experience communicating with business users Good project management skills. Strong customer service orientation Demonstrated ability to problem solve and provide solutions for business or data issues 
ScrapedJobID1294:
Engage with fellow developers through active participation in code reviews, design Dedication to an iterative development process driven by the goal to continuously Develop clean, maintainable, and documented solutions Collaborate with backend engineering teams through traces, metrics, and Deploy applications regularly adhering to studio standards and best practices Participate in requirements gathering to inform design and development Participate in user observation studies to be regularly evaluating how users work and Follow standard UX design methodologies throughout the development process Proficiency in modern web application features,design goals, and architecture (i.e. Web Expertise with modern frameworks, standards, technologies used in front end web Experience with micro-services architecture Strong communication, collaboration, and problem solving skills Experience working closely with UX design teams and backend development teams Experience with testing frameworks (i.e. Cypress) Production experience in computer animation, visual effects, or game industry A portfolio of user interface samples that demonstrates skill and passion Experience with Node.js, Express, and building JS modules using technologies such as NPM We are a company built on positive relationships and collaboration, and you will have the opportunity to build strong business relationships while acting as a specialist in Product Management. You will manage multiple business relationships and collaborate with people from both corporate and field. This is an opportunity to work independently, in a fast-paced environment, and lead projects. 
ScrapedJobID1295:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Software engineering or equivalent
New graduate level of proficiency in C#/Java New graduate level of proficiency in C#/Java Previous technical industry experience
Co-op level of experience working on tools, test automation and development process improvements Co-op level of experience working on tools, test automation and development process improvements Knowledge of at least one domain (automation, game console development, web applications or services, tools development, cloud solutions, database administration, etc.) Excellent communication skills
Communicating with team members and project leads Communicating with team members and project leads Strong knowledge of Software Development Life-Cycle processes
Waterfall, Scrum, Kanban
Software design patterns
Continuous integration, TDD Waterfall, Scrum, Kanban Software design patterns Continuous integration, TDD Ability to estimate effort (time) needed to complete tasks Familiar with current generation consoles and devices (Xbox One, PS4, Windows 10, OSX, iOS and Android, etc.) Work alongside a small team of Software Engineers Updating and maintaining tools for quality engineering Follow quality standards through code reviews and design approvals Test automation scripts Verify technical requirements for any tasks Collaborate with the team, driving innovation, and quality testing Build relationships with local and remote developers and stakeholders Free and confidential mental health services Company lead training WFH options during the pandemic Dog friendly environment (That's right, you can bring your dog to work!) Indoor basketball court, outdoor basketball court, soccer field, volleyball court Community garden 2 dog parks Easy transit access Free on-site parking for staff and visitors 
ScrapedJobID1296:
Direct and mentor a team of ML researchers and engineers in order to craft state-of-the-art algorithms to bridge the gap between simulation and reality. Collaborate with Product Managers and engineering leadership to conceptualize, strategize, and develop new products. Work with the team to communicate key results at machine learning conferences. Help build and maintain open-source packages for researchers. Help build a community of external researchers working in computer vision and robotics with Unity's tools and services. B.S. in Computer Science, Math, Statistics, Physics, or a related area Experience working with or building data platforms and large-scale machine learning training pipelines. Experience with Deep Learning Frameworks (e.g. TensorFlow, PyTorch) Published research in areas of machine learning at major conferences and/or journals M.S. or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Math or Statistics, Physics, or a related area Experience leading open-source projects Experience with Unity Engine, 3D simulators, game development, and graphics 
ScrapedJobID1297:
Participate in game design discussions and contribute valuable ideas to all aspects of the project Develop prototypes to explore gameplay concepts, and iterate based on constructive feedback Participate in code reviews and other efforts to ensure code is written to a high professional standard Collaborate with other development disciplines to integrate gameplay into a cohesive player experience Write clean, robust, efficient, and reliable code Code optimization and bug fixing Experience in professional game development shipping multiple AAA titles, ideally with Unreal Engine A degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other related field Excellent C++ skills, with an aptitude for architecting fun and innovative gameplay mechanics Strong creative problem-solving, math, and analytical skills A strong understanding of the state of the art in game design and interactivity Excellent communication and collaboration skills Strong initiative, with the ability to drive cross-discipline efforts 
ScrapedJobID1298:
You have to be extremely creative and enjoy inventing new ideas for art and developing a wide range of highly creative characters, creatures, icons and environment art. Hands-on experience in conceptualising an original idea from storyboard to final design. Proficient in illustration and composition skills. Strong understanding of colors, anatomy, perspective and layout design. Possess knowledge related to lighting Matte Painting Ability to work in a highly collaborative environment with other artists and designers. Knowledge of 2D and 3D content creation programs. Specifically Adobe creative suite. Must have artistic skills to use drawing, illustration, modeling, and animation skills to create art. You have the ability to rapidly produce concept mockups to flush out the brand vision, for input from the team and approval from the marketing team lead. Extensive experience in coming up with brand logos, icons, store listing assets as well as video advertisements. You have a growth mindset, and are committed to achieving that ‘next level’ in everything you do Bonus: you’ve worked in the mobile gaming industry Create industry-leading marketing materials and assets. Support in textures and matte paintings for in-game use on characters, environments and user interface creations. Performing tasks related to integrating imagery into shots, preserving a unified sense of lighting, perspective, and color Painting photo-real environments, elements and textures for matching into live-action plates or to stand on their own as plates. Improved conversion rates of paid ad creatives, and app store listing pages (impressions to downloads) Increased volume in downloads/ideal customers from top markets to be in top 10% of the market Team harmony through clear communication and leadership Frequent experiments with clear progress and reported insights/learnings Training & Development - attend conferences and continue your path of professional and personal development Performance Bonus Program Getting to work from home alongside a global team of passionate people living all over the world 
ScrapedJobID1299:
You are curious, you love learning, sharing ideas, and tackling problems. You have a natural inclination for shipping and iterating at high velocity. You can step back and appreciate the value of recognizing a mistake. You care. About ideas, solving hard problems, and about our team’s success. You have a strong comprehension of the SaaS development lifecycle. You are passionate about strong architecture. You are obsessive about the quality of your work (and the work of your teammates). You have autonomy in your ability to manage and prioritize your tasks, with an innate ability to shift gears when required. You are a sponge when it comes to learning, and excel even when outside your comfort zone. You have strong software design skills, and are open to receive feedback and iterate collaboratively over your designs. Get up to speed on our current initiatives and operational workflow. Familiarize yourself with our technology architecture - Currently, microservices on a modern C# / .NET async/await stack, REST APIs, Javascript/TypeScript, MySQL, Elasticsearch, SASS, much ado about caching, AWS, and even some leftover PHP (which is on the way out) Achieve a deep understanding of the problems we’re tackling, our business model, and our product. Continuously ship new features for our applications, from the backend to the frontend, stopping by middleware along the way ;) Top benefits package including 100% extended health and dental. Games at lunch are a tradition. All required work from home equipment will be provided. 80% coverage for transit subsidy (for those interested in returning to the office) Annual training and professional development coverage to help advance your career. Spotify premium account with actual recording studio-grade headphones. 
ScrapedJobID1300:
405 Av. Ogilvy, Montréal, QC H3N 1M3, Canada Employees can work remotely Full-time Department: Design Location: Canada / Montreal Project: Dagger Establish and maintain workflow for the UI/UX department. Provide day-to-day feedback and creative problem solving. Ensure that the work of the team follows the quality standards, artistic direction, and deadlines of the game. Collaborate with artists, designers, and other disciplines to create an excellent and coherent user experience. Act as the primary point person on all user interface related topics. Drive UI designs from the concept phase throughout the iteration process up to highly polished final asset while working with UI art and the art director. Assist the engineering team with the implementation UI elements by providing initial prototypes. Ensure that game information is well conveyed through the various user interfaces. Ensure consistency in the UI/UX design from menus to in-game elements. Collaborate with outside user testing and develop a positive feedback loop. Ensure accessibility features are helping our game be as inclusive as possible. Minimum 3 years of UI/UX experience. At least 1 shipped AAA project. Strong expertise in design fundamentals and UI/UX design trends. Mastery of UX interaction and design principles and deliverables including rapid prototyping, flow diagrams, wireframes, experience maps and annotated comps. Good knowledge of the pipeline for motion design, UI animation and VFX. Ability to illustrate ideas and advocate them within the team. Strong understanding of color theory and how color affects mood & focal points Technical knowledge of UE4 and UMG Traditional art skills along with graphic design competencies (composition, layout, typography, and color/tone) Competitive salary Personal development opportunities and the possibility to work in a multicultural environment Working with highly-skilled, senior-level professionals Being part of a young organization and having a true impact on your daily work Opportunity to work on innovative, exciting AAA projects with the newest technologies An informal atmosphere, no dress code, no unwanted formalities 
ScrapedJobID1301:
Set up and run simulations for shot production; troubleshoot and provide revision based on the feedback from supervisor or client Model shot and/or cleans existing hair/cloth simulations Apply and simulate clothing, hair or other accessories (necklaces, earrings, hairbands etc ) requiring technical animation. Deliver simulated geometry to the production pipeline for further processing. Support pipeline animation principles, timing, and departmental interdependencies Communicate and partner with the CG team on an ongoing basis regarding updates, changes, and general status updates Find creative solutions to streamline the character creation workflow throughout the pipeline. Assist with the rigging team when needed. Other duties assigned by the team 3 years of experience in film/animation/game CG/VFX Degree/Diploma in related field or equivalent experience Advanced knowledge of Maya, experience with Houdini is preferred Able to work independently with minimal daily supervision as well as in a team environment Please send in a link of your most recent demo reel with shot breakdown Comprehensive benefits after 3 months including extended health and dental. Paid Vacation + paid Sick days: 18 days(accumulated and based on percentage earning) Active Living Benefits (such as Fitness Memberships, Registration fees for team sports reimbursement) after 3 months Training and development fee reimbursement after 3 months Dependent Child Benefit Paid Holiday Closure RRSP matching after 1 year On-site car and Bike Parking Monthly Transit Allowance after 3 months Work hours: 10 am to 6 pm with 1 hour paid lunch. Dress code: Casual Child Gift Lots of snacks, drinks available Monthly Team lunch Referral Bonus 
ScrapedJobID1302:
Graduate from an accredited school of medicine for M.D. (Doctor of Medicine). Experience working with patients of varying ethnicities, socioeconomic levels, and cultures a plus. Experience using electronic medical records (EMR) preferred. Good standing with CPSBC Provide high-quality, evidence-based, patient-centered care Collaborate with a multidisciplinary group including physiotherapists, chiropractors, biomechanists, massage therapists and software developers Prefer strong interest and some experience in musculoskeletal medicine, ideally with CASEM certification Full scope of adult and/or pediatric primary care. Ability to effectively communicate, verbally & in writing, with all levels of staff and patients. Must possess strong problem-solving skills and effective time management skills. Must be able to follow all PCHC protocols, including those related to clinic administration, patient care, and completion of timely chart notes. Conduct thorough medical assessments and examinations Determine and recommend treatment and investigations as required Discuss medical problems, plans and requirements with referral sources maintaining privacy requirements Provide education sessions for staff, treatment team as required Collaborate with the team to ensure patients receive an individualized program inclusive of physical, psychosocial and functional aspects of care 
ScrapedJobID1303:
Deeply understand the Take-Two Gaming Platform tech stack and its underlying implementation Work closely with game teams and labels to integrate with our gaming platform, answering support questions, writing reference implementations, and supporting their development Research and propose solutions to problems across a broad range of topics, such as SDK and API design, performance optimization, service integration, and more Adapt platform solutions to the needs of game studios in real time, matching efforts to help them hit demanding deadlines when necessary Work closely with fellow engineers and team members, and maintain a strong professional relationship based on communication, respect, and trust Mentor more junior engineers, share knowledge with your peers, and contribute to the team's culture of excellence and openness 5+ years of professional experience, focused in commercial desktop applications and/or game development Experience in modern C/C++, especially relating to game development, API/SDK design, and client-server applications Experience working with other languages, such as Java, C#, JavaScript, and/or Lua Strong debugging skills, and the ability to quickly chart a path from bug report to viable solutions Strong communication and presentation skills, along with the ability to offer solutions without over promising Strong written communication and documentation skills Ability to work with minimal supervision, prioritizing and adapting to the needs of the team and leadership adeptly Ability to skill-share and mentor junior members of the team, helping to grow the overall capabilities of the team Experience with frameworks that employ web technology in application design, such as CEF Experience developing games, either independently or professionally Experience with modern Javascript frameworks, especially React A presence in the development community (Stack Overflow, open source projects, conferences, blogging, etc.) Working knowledge of Git, CI/CD, testing, and build automation best practices A passion for performance and providing phenomenal end user experience A history of self-motivation and self-improvement throughout your career Great Company Culture. Ranked as one of the most creative and innovative places to work, creativity, innovation, efficiency, diversity and philanthropy are among the core tenets of our organization and are integral drivers of our continued success. Growth. As a global entertainment company, we pride ourselves on creating environments where employees are encouraged to be themselves, inquisitive, collaborative and to grow within and around the company. Work Hard, Play Hard. Our employees bond, blow-off steam, and flex some creative muscles – through corporate boot camp classes, company parties, game release events, monthly socials, and team challenges. Benefits. Medical, dental, vision, pension plan, employee stock purchase plan, commuter benefits, in-house wellness program, broad learning & development opportunities, a charitable giving platform with company match and more! Perks. Fitness allowance, employee discount programs, free games & events, stocked pantries and the ability to earn up to $500+ per year for taking care of yourself and more. 
ScrapedJobID1304:
Design, implement and troubleshoot server-side software in the cloud (we use AWS) Work with multiple data store technologies, including both SQL and NoSQL databases Work on highly available and scalable systems that will be used by thousands of concurrent users Proactively identify and recommend improvements to address systemic pain points and tech debt Work on a team that has a rotating on-call schedule, ensuring that our live games are supported 24/7 Participate in development planning and scheduling, working with Producers to estimate tasks and ensure milestones are hit Collaborate with Designers and provide technical input towards feature designs Experience with object oriented programming, preferably with PHP Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases Experience with hosting containerized applications on AWS or similar cloud providers Experience with Docker Experience with Web API design and implementation Familiarity with Jenkins 3+ years of experience in Software engineering, ideally in games development BS in Computer Science or equivalent discipline Experience in DevOps or systems administration Solid understanding of network-based client/server systems and its implications on performance and security Experience with C# and Unity Experience with HTML and JavaScript Experience with Serverless technologies Familiarity with Kubernetes and Infrastructure as Code 
ScrapedJobID1305:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or Software Engineering. Experience with Selenium and jMeter. Experience testing API’s Experience testing with financial services products a bonus. Experience using BrowserStack a bonus. Strong knowledge of software development lifecycle. Flexible schedule Work from home Monday to Friday Do you meet the DS4Y criteria (30 or under, Cdn/PR, post grad) listed at https://www.ic.gc.ca/eic/site/122.nsf/eng/00001.html. It's a government grant requirement, not a Boss Insights requirement. quality assurance: 1 year (preferred) Selenium: 2 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1306:

ScrapedJobID1307:
Will develop, extend and maintain multiplayer framework solutions. Work in close daily cooperation with the Lead Developer to scope, prioritize, document, plan, iterate and execute on the multiplayer framework. Is the hands-on developer for all game networking systems and is accountable for the technical fidelity, execution, optimization. Accurately scope, develop and deliver game components on time and to the highest quality. Is a key part of the team in architecting and building out networking systems Must be constantly iterating and optimizing their systems to drive performance and world class play experiences. Is vital in identifying potential performance issues, and optimizing to reduce performance bottlenecks. You are responsible for the quality of code you produce. This will require regular code reviews and architecture reviews at milestones through the course of the project. You have expert knowledge of Unity3d You are an expert in C#. You have professional experience and examples using one of the following networking packages: PUN2, Photon Bolt, Forge Remastered, Mirror, UNet, or MLAPI. Strong, demonstrable, understanding of networking concepts and architectures Experience with Photon, Mirror or other comparable networking frameworks Excellent communication skills and enjoy working in a team. Excellent problem solving and lateral thinking skills. Excellent math skills. Proven ability to troubleshoot and provide technical solutions & recommendations You are a specialist when it comes to your level of focus but a generalist when it comes to sharing knowledge and pitching in to help get the team across the finish line. A personal passion for staying on top of new technologies, game trends and discovering ways for implementation. Experience with VR development. Experience with Unity3d tools development Open / Remote 
ScrapedJobID1308:

ScrapedJobID1309:
Participer à la conception, au développement et au déploiement du site internet d'Audiokinetic et du Wwise Launcher. Améliorer les performances des applications. Consolider les tests automatisés. Prendre part au support des systèmes en production. Au moins sept (7) ans d'expérience en développement web. ReactJS n'a plus de secret pour vous. Vous avez de solides connaissances en technologies frontaux (front-end). Joueur.euse d'équipe, vous êtes à l'aise avec les processus de co-création Vous êtes toujours en quête de nouveauté et adorez apprendre des autres. Vous vous exprimez parfaitement à l'oral et à l'écrit en français comme en anglais. Get involved in the conception, development and deployment of the Audiokinetic website and Wwise Launcher. Improve application performances. Strengthen automated tests. Participate in production systems maintenance and support. At least seven (7) years of experience as a web developer. ReactJS no longer has secrets for you. You have strong knowledge of front-end technologies. Great team player, you are comfortable with co-creation processes. Lifelong learner, you are constantly teaching yourself new things and you love learning from others. Excellent written and verbal communication skills in French and English. 
ScrapedJobID1310:
B.S. in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience 7+ years of production experience in software development Knowledge and production experience of Java (Spring Framework), Python, Go Solid foundation in system architecture, API, and software design with strong analytical and debugging skills Experience building high-performance, large-scale applications, and reliable software Ability to mentor others and coordinate a project across multiple developers Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, documentation, and operations Experience with containers (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes) and cloud environments like Amazon’s AWS; Familiar with infrastructure as code (e.g. Terraform) Worked on production systems with both relational and NoSQL database technologies Experience in analytics and big data is a plus Solid knowledge of Node.js and web frameworks such as AngularJS/Backbone/Ember (preferred) or React and Flux/Redux Excellent communication skills, and the ability to work effectively with others in a team environment. Work in a studio that has complete P&L ownership of games Competitive salary, discretionary annual bonus scheme and Zynga RSUs Full medical, accident as well as life insurance benefits Catered breakfast, lunch and evening snacks Child care facilities for women employees and discounted facilities for male employees Well stocked pantry Generous Paid Maternity/Paternity leave Employee Assistance Programs Active Employee Resource Groups – Women at Zynga Frequent employee events Additional leave options for most employees Flexible working hours on many teams Casual dress every single day Work with cool people and impact millions of daily players! 
ScrapedJobID1311:
Travailler en collaboration avec les directeurs de projet pour définir la vision du jeu; Développer le style visuel (Ton, ambiance, lieux, personnages, etc.) avec les artistes de concepts et les équipes artistiques 3d; Créez le guide de style visuel du jeu (« Mood boards », références et descriptions); Coordonner et superviser l'équipe artistique pendant la production; Maintenir l'équilibre entre la vision artistique, la vision du jeu et la faisabilité technique; Passer en revue les contenus visuels du jeu et fournir la rétroaction nécessaire pour atteindre la qualité visée; Collaborez avec les autres chefs d’équipe du projet à toutes les étapes du développement; Participer activement au recrutement en vue de bâtir l'équipe artistique; Interfacer avec les partenaires externes liés au projet (Sous-contractants, éditeurs, médias, etc.) Avoir une bonne culture artistique générale; 10 ans ou plus d’expérience en tant qu'Artiste, ou Directeur artistique dans l’industrie du jeu vidéo; Avoir livré au moins 4 titres multiplateformes; Capacité à exprimer ses idées et à faire de la critique constructive; Compétences managériales; Maîtrise les techniques de production artistique en jeu vidéo; Aptitude démontrée à pouvoir résoudre des problèmes complexes. Adepte du Système D; Excellent esprit de leadership et de relations interpersonnelles; Enthousiaste, positif, esprit axé sur l’équipe. Work collaboratively with the project managers to define the vision for the game; Develop the visual style (tone, mood, locations, characters, etc.) with the concept artists and 3d art teams; Create the visual style guide for the game ("Mood boards", references and descriptions); Coordinate and supervise the art team during production; Maintain the balance between the artistic vision, the game vision and the technical feasibility; Review the visual content of the game and provide feedback to achieve the desired quality; Collaborate with other project team leaders in all stages of development; Actively participate in recruiment to build the art team; Interfacing with external partners related to the project (sub-contractors, publishers, media, etc.) Have a good general art culture; 10+ years of experience as an Artist or Art Director in the video game industry; Have delivered at least 4 multiplatform titles; Ability to express ideas and provide constructive criticism; Managerial skills; Mastery of video game art production techniques; Demonstrated ability to solve complex problems. (resourceful) Excellent leadership and interpersonal skills; Enthusiastic, positive, team-oriented spirit. 
ScrapedJobID1312:
What we’d like: Proficient in JavaScript frameworks, e.g., React, Angular, Vue.js. 5+ years of experience in Java Framework Must have experience with Azure and/or AWS Experience in web application frameworks. Experience in web services. Experience working in both Agile and Waterfall environments. Knowledge of SOLID design principles. Experience with unit tests and mocking frameworks. Understanding of database technologies and performance tuning. Professional Development budget and days Interest-free tech-enablement loans A Career Mentor to support your growth and development RRSP/401K matches Bonus programs Wellness program 
ScrapedJobID1313:
Écrire un code évolutif, robuste, testable, efficace et facilement maintenable. Traduire les exigences logicielles en logiciels stables, fonctionnels et performants. Jouer un rôle dans les décisions d'architecture et de conception, en construisant vers une architecture distribuée efficace de microservices. Améliorer la méthodologie personnalisée Kubernetes/AWS Infrastructure as Code (IaC) en utilisant principalement Bash, ou Python. Maintenir une ligne de communication constante avec les autres membres de la compagnie via courriels, JIRA et Slack. Toutes autres tâches connexes +5ans d’expérience dans un environnement qui développe des logiciels de haute qualité comme Python, Go, Java ou Rust. Expertise dans la mise en service de micro services (utilisationd’outils et de technologies pour la messagerie RPC, conteneurisation, etc.). Expertise en conception et développementà l’aide de bases de données (SGBDR, NoSQL). Connaîtreles techniques avancées de gestion du code source avec GitHub, GitLab ou Gerrit. Faire preuvede minutie, de rigueur, d'organisation, de gestion du temps et du stress. Êtredébrouillard(e) et avoir une excellente capacité de résolution de problème. Avoir un esprit d’équipe, êtreautonome et organisé(e). Heures de travail flexibles Salaire de base très compétitif Politique de télétravail flexible Assurances collectives complètes offertes à 100% Jours de vacances et de maladie avantageuses dès le 1er jour Un environnement de travail stimulant, une ambiance décontractée ainsi qu’une salle à manger toute équipée avec café à volonté Une salle de sport et de jeux sur place Activités de groupe – barbecue, vendredi pizza, 5@7, billard, karting, etc. (hors pandémie) Write scalable, robust, testable, efficient, and easily maintainable code. Translate software requirements into stable, working, high performance software. Play a role in architectural and design decisions, building towards an efficient microservices distributed architecture. Improve custom Kubernetes/AWS Infrastructure as Code (IaC) methodology using mostly Bash, or Python. Maintain a constant line of communication with the Company's staff through Email, Jira, and Slack. All other related tasks 5+ years' experience in an enterprise environment developing high quality software in Python, Go, Java or Rust. Expertise in implementing Microservices (using tools and technologies for messaging, RPC, containerization, etc). Expertise in design and development using databases (RDBMS, NoSQL). Familiarity of advanced Source Code Management techniques with GitHub, GitLab, or Gerrit. Excellent problem-solving skills. Demonstrate intrinsic motivation and initiative, be resourceful and autonomous. A team spirit, demonstrate thoroughness, rigor, organization, time and stress management. Flexible working hours Competitive salary Flexible work from home policy A flat hierarchy that fosters communication between everyone Work alongside an international team comprised of industry experts Full group insurance offered at 100% Advantageous vacation and sick days from day 1 A stimulating work environment, a relaxed atmosphere as well as a fully equipped dining room with unlimited coffee On-site gym, ping-pong table and games Many group activities: on-site barbecues, pizza days, 5@7, billiards, karting, etc. (Post pandemic) Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Montréal, QC: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred) French (preferred) English (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1314:
4+ years of professional software development experience with at least 3 years focus on Backend API design and development Expert knowledge of Python (3+ years) and experience with popular web frameworks, ideally Django/FastAPI (2+ years) You are proficient in SQL data modeling and have practical experience with PostgreSQL (1+ years) You have built HTTP/JSON APIs following RESTful guidelines and GraphQL You can write meaningful, relevant, high-quality automated tests and worked with CI/CD You have experience working with cache solutions and distributed task schedulers. e.g. redis, memcache, celery You have deployed application code to AWS or similar cloud providers You have a strong understanding of agile principles and methodologies, including workflows and ceremonies You have been part of an agile development team and favor open communication, constant feedback, and short decision paths Is a solid and influential communicator in both verbal and written forms Knows about data protection and security Has additional experience or interest in other multiparadigm languages such as NodeJS, Elixir, Go, etc Is by nature highly team-oriented and collaborative: believes the best work can be achieved when a talented group of smart people works effectively together Has a "never-stop-learning" attitude and a desire to develop and grow Has a natural leadership ability with a strong capacity to mentor other less experienced developers Has experience with infrastructure management tools such as Docker, Terraform, and Ansible After you pass our initial screening, we'll set up a Google Hangout with you as soon as possible to get to know each-other better. You'll be given a minimal coding exercise to complete and submit back to us within a given timeframe. Once we have evaluated your code, you'll get a chance to talk with one of our devs, where you may be asked to make adjustments to your code, so be prepared. After the technical round, you'll be talking to Saurabh (Director of Web Engineering) and then Aubryn (our Managing Director) & Lisa (Director of Operations), these calls are more of a courtesy calls where you'll have an opportunity to ask any questions around the leadership and the organization. We make you an offer! Annual performance bonuses Unlimited vacation policy (24 days required per year) 12 paid company holidays 12 paid holidays (days chosen by you) 12 paid sick or personal days per year Extended health, dental, and life insurance coverage Yearly anniversary gifts from Fueled ($500 USD) Monthly working from home budget (C$200 CAD) Employee and client referral bonuses Company-supplied Apple machine Quarterly team meals and activities Departmental Learning & Development budgets Guaranteed time off for the week between Christmas and New Year's Day Happy hours, trivia nights, board game nights, and more 
ScrapedJobID1315:
Contribute, design, implement, test, and improve the SDK and Unity Editor integrations Learn and collaborate with other team members to ensure high-quality product delivery that brings the best experience to game developers and gamers Write high-quality and scalable code that supports the existing and future functionality of the product At least 3 years of C# programming experience Experience with Unity Experience with writing and maintaining efficient code at scale A curiosity about the Blockchain space, wallets, minting and cryptocurrencies Contribuer, concevoir, mettre en œuvre, tester et améliorer le SDK NFT et les intégrations de l'éditeur Unity Collaborer avec les membres de votre équipe pour apprendre et assurer la livraison de produits de haute qualité, qui offrent la meilleure expérience aux développeur(euse)s de jeux et aux joueurs Rédiger du code évolutif de grande qualité qui prend en charge les fonctionnalités actuelles et futures des produits Au moins 3 ans d'expérience en programmation en langage C# Une expérience avec Unity Une expérience en matière de rédaction et de maintien d'un code efficace à l'échelle Une curiosité au sujet de la thématique de la chaîne de blocs, des portefeuilles, de la frappe de monnaie et des cryptomonnaies (Bitcoin, Ethereum) 
ScrapedJobID1316:
Work with the Creative Director and Art Director to adapt aesthetic concepts to real 3D game assets Create a variety of high quality, game-ready 3D models and shaders, including characters, vehicles, and props Define a standard for art assets and support the integration and feedback of outsourced art Collaborate with other team members to ensure art is integrated seamlessly with other facets of the game 5 years experience or at least one shipped title as a 3D Artist Experience creating high-quality models and shaders for Unreal Engine Broad 3D art skills, including photogrammetry, retopology, UV unwrapping, shader editors Able to create a variety of art at high quality, including characters, environmental objects, vehicles, and props Self-motivated and able to collaborate well with team members of all development disciplines 
ScrapedJobID1317:
Design innovative and engaging digital experiences for web, mobile, tablet, and smart device technology. Create high-fidelity design artifacts such as annotated wireframes, visual design comps, storyboards, and interactive prototypes as necessary to communicate your designs to users, stakeholders, and teammates. Lead UX design activities on digital product development teams. Use UX research techniques, including interviews, surveys, task/workflow analysis, focus group sessions, or diary studies to drive your designs. Mentor and share knowledge with others to help sustain a user-centered, design thinking culture within Digital Studio and Online. Minimum of 2 years’ experience as a UX designer on a product development team. Proficiency in design tools such as Sketch / Figma, InVision Studio, Adobe Creative Suite and Axure. Proficiency in UX disciplines, such as interaction design, information architecture, visual design, user research, and front-end development. Familiarity with standards-compliant web and mobile design patterns. Ability to communicate UX principles, goals, and design processes to clients and team members. Related degree or diploma, such as design, HCI, interaction design, psychology, human factors, or computer science. Professional Development budget and days Interest-free tech-enablement loans A Career Mentor to support your growth and development RRSP/401K matches Bonus programs Wellness program 
ScrapedJobID1318:
Learn and understand features of the Veeva Vault platform and applications Collaborate with Developer, Product Owners, DevOps, and other QA teams to ensure the highest quality of the product by implementing automation-focused solutions. Perform automation feasibility analysis of assigned test cases Develop and maintain automated test scripts (API & UI) for functional regression coverage Work on CI/CD tools (Git, Jenkins, Kibana, JIRA) on a daily basis Identify areas of improvement for automation strategies and framework Participate actively in functional, system, integration, and regression testing activities Provide technical mentorship to junior team members including code reviews 6+ years of experience in software test automation Strong experience in Java, Object-Oriented Methodologies Extensive experience with automated API & UI test frameworks (e.g. Cucumber, Selenium, TestNG) Good working knowledge with CI/CD and continuous testing approach using tools such as Git, Jenkins, and Maven Experience testing software applications built on a common platform Good understanding of modern best practices for software development like design patterns, code reusability, extensibility, and maintainability Strong verbal and written communication skills Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent Experience working in Unix/Linux and AWS environments Experience with Atlassian products such as Jira and Confluence Knowledge of Pharma Live Sciences and Health Care Industry Conveniently located in downtown Toronto Snacks, beverages, and weekly lunches from local restaurants Team events and rec league sports teams Allocations for continuous learning & development Health & wellness programs Weekly yoga classes Ping pong and other games 
ScrapedJobID1319:
Python to build the backend of GridOS. React JavaScript on the front end of GridOS. Docker for containerization and deployment. Gitlab for repository management. Ansible to deploy environment configurations. Terraform to provision new environments. Develop new user-facing features and refactor and enhance existing features Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs Optimize applications for maximum speed and scalability and build reusable code and libraries Assure that all user input is validated before submitting to back-end services Support testing processes, troubleshoot and resolve issues. Work in an Agile/SCRUM team setting including cross-functional structures and varying levels of management. The education. You have a degree in Computer Science or equivalent. The experience. You have 3+ years experience developing large, stateful, component-based web applications using modern JavaScript frameworks (i.e. React, Angular, AngularJS, Vue, etc.) Since we use React, you must have a thorough understanding of React.js and its core principles. You’re familiar with version control systems and automated testing frameworks. The technical expertise. Your programming skills are strong and you can quickly learn new technologies. You have good understanding of web markup, including HTML5 and CSS3 and familiar with CSS preprocessors such as Sass, front-end build tools, such as Webpack, Grunt, and/or Gulp.js and with JavaScript module loaders, such as Require.js and AMD. You are also proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around such issues and browser rendering behaviour and performance. The communication. You have great communication skills that help you build positive relationships with your teammates. 
ScrapedJobID1320:
Implement, debug and optimize major systems in C/C++ and other languages in the context of a large cross platform codebase Spearhead development of innovative gameplay experiences Contribute to game architecture and technical designs and postmortems Perform data and code analysis to identify improvement opportunities Provide mentorship to less experienced engineers Minimum 5 years of industry experience in a Gameplay Engineering or similar position Multiple shipped game titles for Senior level Proficiency in C/C++ Proficiency in scripting language such Python, LUA or similar Advanced knowledge of algorithms and data structures Advanced optimization skills - code and data Advanced debugging skills - comfortable debugging optimized builds in multithreaded and cross platform (networking) context. Solid math skills – especially linear algebra and 3D vector math Game knowledge and an understanding of the design principles behind games Able to collaborate with other engineers as well as non-technical team members Ability to work well in a fluid, changing environment as creative challenges evolve B.S. in Computer Science or equivalent experience And most importantly, a passion for making games Advanced programming specialty, such as low level network programming, High Level Shader Language (HLSL), SSE assembly, etc Expertise and passion in one or more of the following areas: AI, User Interfaces, Animation, General Game-play Previously shipped AAA titles 
ScrapedJobID1321:
Help advance Unreal Engine to improve the iOS game development experience for hundreds of developers at Epic and thousands of Unreal Engine subscribers around the world Optimise C++ workflows and content-wrangling pipelines Make significant improvements to the workflow for professional developers making high-end mobile games using Unreal Engine Work with our partners to bring the latest mobile technologies to Unreal Engine Optimise and problem solving to help ship Epic's internal mobile titles Improving workflow and user experience Extensive experience with C++ Excellent understanding of the iOS platform ecosystem Professional game or engine development experience on mobile Experience using mobile toolchains, build systems, development tools and platform APIs Experience working on platform-level systems such as I/O, input handling, memory management, patching, deployment, third-party libraries, and framework integration, etc Exposure to mobile rendering and mobile GPU implementations in modern mobile devices You're user-focused, passionate, scrappy, solutions-focused, and innovative. These traits equal success at Epic and influence everything we do. 
ScrapedJobID1322:
A bachelor's degree in computer science or computer engineering A minimum of 8 years of software development experience A minimum of 3 years experience in managing a team of programmers (task distribution, performance evaluation, etc.) A good command of different programming languages (C ++, C #, SQL, WPF and others) Excellent communication and strategic leadership skills The ability to stay calm in difficult situations (you know there is always a solution) The ability to put yourself in the shoes of other trades and users of your systems Strong interest in the video game production process Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID1323:
Développer, améliorer et maintenir les fonctionnalités principales en utilisant React; Comprendre le contexte commercial et les scénarios d’utilisation par les clients; Collaborer directement avec les parties prenantes pour créer des expériences utilisateur plaisantes; Veiller au respect des politiques et des pratiques de sécurité, conformément aux autorités de contrôle internes et externes; Agir à titre de conseiller ou de guide auprès des nouveaux intégrateurs Web ou des moins expérimentés; Capacité à fonctionner de façon autonome, même si une certaine supervision et des instructions peuvent être requises. Expérience de cinq ans et plus concernant des bibliothèques telles que React, HTML et CSS; Expérience en matière de conception et de développement de produits; Expérience concernant les outils de prototypage (Fima, Sketch, etc.); Maîtrise de Node.js; Maîtrise d’AWS comme plateforme infonuagique; Expérience avec CI/CD; Expérience pour transposer les exigences en solutions à l’aide d’une documentation technique détaillée; Aisance en anglais. Maîtrise de SQL; Expérience concernant le service de base de données DynamoDB; SonarQube. Excellentes compétences pour communiquer, à l’écrit et à l’oral, avec les individus et les équipes, et ce, à tous les échelons de l’entreprise; Grande habileté à gérer son temps, le stress et à s’organiser; Souci du détail, mais capacité à comprendre la situation dans son ensemble; Capacité à analyser et à documenter des processus commerciaux complexes; Expérience quant à la communication avec des utilisateurs professionnels; Bonnes aptitudes pour la gestion de projet; Orientation confirmée pour le service à la clientèle; Capacité avérée à résoudre des problèmes et à apporter des solutions à des questions liées aux affaires ou aux données. Develop, enhance, and maintain core features using React Understand the business context and the associated customer use cases Collaborate directly with stakeholders to build delightful user experiences Ensure compliance with security policies and practices in accordance with internal and external audit governing bodies Serve as advisor or coach to new or less experienced front-end developers Expected to operate with autonomy, while some oversight and direction may be required 5+ years’ experience with React, HTML and CSS Experience with design and product development Proficiency with Node.js Proficiency with AWS as cloud platform Experience with CI/CD Experience in translating requirements with solutions using Detailed Technical documentation Fluency in English. Proficiency with SQL Experience with DynamoDB SonarQube Excellent written and oral communication skills with individuals and teams at all levels of the organization. Excellent time and stress management and organizational skills. Detail oriented but able to understand the big picture Ability to analyze and document complex business processes Experience communicating with business users Good project management skills. Strong customer service orientation Demonstrated ability to problem solve and provide solutions for business or data issues 
ScrapedJobID1324:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Software engineering or equivalent
New graduate level of proficiency in C#/Java New graduate level of proficiency in C#/Java Previous technical industry experience
Co-op level of experience working on tools, test automation and development process improvements Co-op level of experience working on tools, test automation and development process improvements Knowledge of at least one domain (automation, game console development, web applications or services, tools development, cloud solutions, database administration, etc.) Excellent communication skills
Communicating with team members and project leads Communicating with team members and project leads Strong knowledge of Software Development Life-Cycle processes
Waterfall, Scrum, Kanban
Software design patterns
Continuous integration, TDD Waterfall, Scrum, Kanban Software design patterns Continuous integration, TDD Ability to estimate effort (time) needed to complete tasks Familiar with current generation consoles and devices (Xbox One, PS4, Windows 10, OSX, iOS and Android, etc.) Work alongside a small team of Software Engineers Updating and maintaining tools for quality engineering Follow quality standards through code reviews and design approvals Test automation scripts Verify technical requirements for any tasks Collaborate with the team, driving innovation, and quality testing Build relationships with local and remote developers and stakeholders Free and confidential mental health services Company lead training WFH options during the pandemic Dog friendly environment (That's right, you can bring your dog to work!) Indoor basketball court, outdoor basketball court, soccer field, volleyball court Community garden 2 dog parks Easy transit access Free on-site parking for staff and visitors 
ScrapedJobID1325:
Direct and mentor a team of ML researchers and engineers in order to craft state-of-the-art algorithms to bridge the gap between simulation and reality. Collaborate with Product Managers and engineering leadership to conceptualize, strategize, and develop new products. Work with the team to communicate key results at machine learning conferences. Help build and maintain open-source packages for researchers. Help build a community of external researchers working in computer vision and robotics with Unity's tools and services. B.S. in Computer Science, Math, Statistics, Physics, or a related area Experience working with or building data platforms and large-scale machine learning training pipelines. Experience with Deep Learning Frameworks (e.g. TensorFlow, PyTorch) Published research in areas of machine learning at major conferences and/or journals M.S. or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Math or Statistics, Physics, or a related area Experience leading open-source projects Experience with Unity Engine, 3D simulators, game development, and graphics 
ScrapedJobID1326:
Participate in game design discussions and contribute valuable ideas to all aspects of the project Develop prototypes to explore gameplay concepts, and iterate based on constructive feedback Participate in code reviews and other efforts to ensure code is written to a high professional standard Collaborate with other development disciplines to integrate gameplay into a cohesive player experience Write clean, robust, efficient, and reliable code Code optimization and bug fixing Experience in professional game development shipping multiple AAA titles, ideally with Unreal Engine A degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other related field Excellent C++ skills, with an aptitude for architecting fun and innovative gameplay mechanics Strong creative problem-solving, math, and analytical skills A strong understanding of the state of the art in game design and interactivity Excellent communication and collaboration skills Strong initiative, with the ability to drive cross-discipline efforts 
ScrapedJobID1327:
You have to be extremely creative and enjoy inventing new ideas for art and developing a wide range of highly creative characters, creatures, icons and environment art. Hands-on experience in conceptualising an original idea from storyboard to final design. Proficient in illustration and composition skills. Strong understanding of colors, anatomy, perspective and layout design. Possess knowledge related to lighting Matte Painting Ability to work in a highly collaborative environment with other artists and designers. Knowledge of 2D and 3D content creation programs. Specifically Adobe creative suite. Must have artistic skills to use drawing, illustration, modeling, and animation skills to create art. You have the ability to rapidly produce concept mockups to flush out the brand vision, for input from the team and approval from the marketing team lead. Extensive experience in coming up with brand logos, icons, store listing assets as well as video advertisements. You have a growth mindset, and are committed to achieving that ‘next level’ in everything you do Bonus: you’ve worked in the mobile gaming industry Create industry-leading marketing materials and assets. Support in textures and matte paintings for in-game use on characters, environments and user interface creations. Performing tasks related to integrating imagery into shots, preserving a unified sense of lighting, perspective, and color Painting photo-real environments, elements and textures for matching into live-action plates or to stand on their own as plates. Improved conversion rates of paid ad creatives, and app store listing pages (impressions to downloads) Increased volume in downloads/ideal customers from top markets to be in top 10% of the market Team harmony through clear communication and leadership Frequent experiments with clear progress and reported insights/learnings Training & Development - attend conferences and continue your path of professional and personal development Performance Bonus Program Getting to work from home alongside a global team of passionate people living all over the world 
ScrapedJobID1328:
You are curious, you love learning, sharing ideas, and tackling problems. You have a natural inclination for shipping and iterating at high velocity. You can step back and appreciate the value of recognizing a mistake. You care. About ideas, solving hard problems, and about our team’s success. You have a strong comprehension of the SaaS development lifecycle. You are passionate about strong architecture. You are obsessive about the quality of your work (and the work of your teammates). You have autonomy in your ability to manage and prioritize your tasks, with an innate ability to shift gears when required. You are a sponge when it comes to learning, and excel even when outside your comfort zone. You have strong software design skills, and are open to receive feedback and iterate collaboratively over your designs. Get up to speed on our current initiatives and operational workflow. Familiarize yourself with our technology architecture - Currently, microservices on a modern C# / .NET async/await stack, REST APIs, Javascript/TypeScript, MySQL, Elasticsearch, SASS, much ado about caching, AWS, and even some leftover PHP (which is on the way out) Achieve a deep understanding of the problems we’re tackling, our business model, and our product. Continuously ship new features for our applications, from the backend to the frontend, stopping by middleware along the way ;) Top benefits package including 100% extended health and dental. Games at lunch are a tradition. All required work from home equipment will be provided. 80% coverage for transit subsidy (for those interested in returning to the office) Annual training and professional development coverage to help advance your career. Spotify premium account with actual recording studio-grade headphones. 
ScrapedJobID1329:
405 Av. Ogilvy, Montréal, QC H3N 1M3, Canada Employees can work remotely Full-time Department: Design Location: Canada / Montreal Project: Dagger Establish and maintain workflow for the UI/UX department. Provide day-to-day feedback and creative problem solving. Ensure that the work of the team follows the quality standards, artistic direction, and deadlines of the game. Collaborate with artists, designers, and other disciplines to create an excellent and coherent user experience. Act as the primary point person on all user interface related topics. Drive UI designs from the concept phase throughout the iteration process up to highly polished final asset while working with UI art and the art director. Assist the engineering team with the implementation UI elements by providing initial prototypes. Ensure that game information is well conveyed through the various user interfaces. Ensure consistency in the UI/UX design from menus to in-game elements. Collaborate with outside user testing and develop a positive feedback loop. Ensure accessibility features are helping our game be as inclusive as possible. Minimum 3 years of UI/UX experience. At least 1 shipped AAA project. Strong expertise in design fundamentals and UI/UX design trends. Mastery of UX interaction and design principles and deliverables including rapid prototyping, flow diagrams, wireframes, experience maps and annotated comps. Good knowledge of the pipeline for motion design, UI animation and VFX. Ability to illustrate ideas and advocate them within the team. Strong understanding of color theory and how color affects mood & focal points Technical knowledge of UE4 and UMG Traditional art skills along with graphic design competencies (composition, layout, typography, and color/tone) Competitive salary Personal development opportunities and the possibility to work in a multicultural environment Working with highly-skilled, senior-level professionals Being part of a young organization and having a true impact on your daily work Opportunity to work on innovative, exciting AAA projects with the newest technologies An informal atmosphere, no dress code, no unwanted formalities 
ScrapedJobID1330:
Set up and run simulations for shot production; troubleshoot and provide revision based on the feedback from supervisor or client Model shot and/or cleans existing hair/cloth simulations Apply and simulate clothing, hair or other accessories (necklaces, earrings, hairbands etc ) requiring technical animation. Deliver simulated geometry to the production pipeline for further processing. Support pipeline animation principles, timing, and departmental interdependencies Communicate and partner with the CG team on an ongoing basis regarding updates, changes, and general status updates Find creative solutions to streamline the character creation workflow throughout the pipeline. Assist with the rigging team when needed. Other duties assigned by the team 3 years of experience in film/animation/game CG/VFX Degree/Diploma in related field or equivalent experience Advanced knowledge of Maya, experience with Houdini is preferred Able to work independently with minimal daily supervision as well as in a team environment Please send in a link of your most recent demo reel with shot breakdown Comprehensive benefits after 3 months including extended health and dental. Paid Vacation + paid Sick days: 18 days(accumulated and based on percentage earning) Active Living Benefits (such as Fitness Memberships, Registration fees for team sports reimbursement) after 3 months Training and development fee reimbursement after 3 months Dependent Child Benefit Paid Holiday Closure RRSP matching after 1 year On-site car and Bike Parking Monthly Transit Allowance after 3 months Work hours: 10 am to 6 pm with 1 hour paid lunch. Dress code: Casual Child Gift Lots of snacks, drinks available Monthly Team lunch Referral Bonus 
ScrapedJobID1331:
Graduate from an accredited school of medicine for M.D. (Doctor of Medicine). Experience working with patients of varying ethnicities, socioeconomic levels, and cultures a plus. Experience using electronic medical records (EMR) preferred. Good standing with CPSBC Provide high-quality, evidence-based, patient-centered care Collaborate with a multidisciplinary group including physiotherapists, chiropractors, biomechanists, massage therapists and software developers Prefer strong interest and some experience in musculoskeletal medicine, ideally with CASEM certification Full scope of adult and/or pediatric primary care. Ability to effectively communicate, verbally & in writing, with all levels of staff and patients. Must possess strong problem-solving skills and effective time management skills. Must be able to follow all PCHC protocols, including those related to clinic administration, patient care, and completion of timely chart notes. Conduct thorough medical assessments and examinations Determine and recommend treatment and investigations as required Discuss medical problems, plans and requirements with referral sources maintaining privacy requirements Provide education sessions for staff, treatment team as required Collaborate with the team to ensure patients receive an individualized program inclusive of physical, psychosocial and functional aspects of care 
ScrapedJobID1332:
Deeply understand the Take-Two Gaming Platform tech stack and its underlying implementation Work closely with game teams and labels to integrate with our gaming platform, answering support questions, writing reference implementations, and supporting their development Research and propose solutions to problems across a broad range of topics, such as SDK and API design, performance optimization, service integration, and more Adapt platform solutions to the needs of game studios in real time, matching efforts to help them hit demanding deadlines when necessary Work closely with fellow engineers and team members, and maintain a strong professional relationship based on communication, respect, and trust Mentor more junior engineers, share knowledge with your peers, and contribute to the team's culture of excellence and openness 5+ years of professional experience, focused in commercial desktop applications and/or game development Experience in modern C/C++, especially relating to game development, API/SDK design, and client-server applications Experience working with other languages, such as Java, C#, JavaScript, and/or Lua Strong debugging skills, and the ability to quickly chart a path from bug report to viable solutions Strong communication and presentation skills, along with the ability to offer solutions without over promising Strong written communication and documentation skills Ability to work with minimal supervision, prioritizing and adapting to the needs of the team and leadership adeptly Ability to skill-share and mentor junior members of the team, helping to grow the overall capabilities of the team Experience with frameworks that employ web technology in application design, such as CEF Experience developing games, either independently or professionally Experience with modern Javascript frameworks, especially React A presence in the development community (Stack Overflow, open source projects, conferences, blogging, etc.) Working knowledge of Git, CI/CD, testing, and build automation best practices A passion for performance and providing phenomenal end user experience A history of self-motivation and self-improvement throughout your career Great Company Culture. Ranked as one of the most creative and innovative places to work, creativity, innovation, efficiency, diversity and philanthropy are among the core tenets of our organization and are integral drivers of our continued success. Growth. As a global entertainment company, we pride ourselves on creating environments where employees are encouraged to be themselves, inquisitive, collaborative and to grow within and around the company. Work Hard, Play Hard. Our employees bond, blow-off steam, and flex some creative muscles – through corporate boot camp classes, company parties, game release events, monthly socials, and team challenges. Benefits. Medical, dental, vision, pension plan, employee stock purchase plan, commuter benefits, in-house wellness program, broad learning & development opportunities, a charitable giving platform with company match and more! Perks. Fitness allowance, employee discount programs, free games & events, stocked pantries and the ability to earn up to $500+ per year for taking care of yourself and more. 
ScrapedJobID1333:
Design, implement and troubleshoot server-side software in the cloud (we use AWS) Work with multiple data store technologies, including both SQL and NoSQL databases Work on highly available and scalable systems that will be used by thousands of concurrent users Proactively identify and recommend improvements to address systemic pain points and tech debt Work on a team that has a rotating on-call schedule, ensuring that our live games are supported 24/7 Participate in development planning and scheduling, working with Producers to estimate tasks and ensure milestones are hit Collaborate with Designers and provide technical input towards feature designs Experience with object oriented programming, preferably with PHP Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases Experience with hosting containerized applications on AWS or similar cloud providers Experience with Docker Experience with Web API design and implementation Familiarity with Jenkins 3+ years of experience in Software engineering, ideally in games development BS in Computer Science or equivalent discipline Experience in DevOps or systems administration Solid understanding of network-based client/server systems and its implications on performance and security Experience with C# and Unity Experience with HTML and JavaScript Experience with Serverless technologies Familiarity with Kubernetes and Infrastructure as Code 
ScrapedJobID1334:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or Software Engineering. Experience with Selenium and jMeter. Experience testing API’s Experience testing with financial services products a bonus. Experience using BrowserStack a bonus. Strong knowledge of software development lifecycle. Flexible schedule Work from home Monday to Friday Do you meet the DS4Y criteria (30 or under, Cdn/PR, post grad) listed at https://www.ic.gc.ca/eic/site/122.nsf/eng/00001.html. It's a government grant requirement, not a Boss Insights requirement. quality assurance: 1 year (preferred) Selenium: 2 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1335:

ScrapedJobID1336:
Will develop, extend and maintain multiplayer framework solutions. Work in close daily cooperation with the Lead Developer to scope, prioritize, document, plan, iterate and execute on the multiplayer framework. Is the hands-on developer for all game networking systems and is accountable for the technical fidelity, execution, optimization. Accurately scope, develop and deliver game components on time and to the highest quality. Is a key part of the team in architecting and building out networking systems Must be constantly iterating and optimizing their systems to drive performance and world class play experiences. Is vital in identifying potential performance issues, and optimizing to reduce performance bottlenecks. You are responsible for the quality of code you produce. This will require regular code reviews and architecture reviews at milestones through the course of the project. You have expert knowledge of Unity3d You are an expert in C#. You have professional experience and examples using one of the following networking packages: PUN2, Photon Bolt, Forge Remastered, Mirror, UNet, or MLAPI. Strong, demonstrable, understanding of networking concepts and architectures Experience with Photon, Mirror or other comparable networking frameworks Excellent communication skills and enjoy working in a team. Excellent problem solving and lateral thinking skills. Excellent math skills. Proven ability to troubleshoot and provide technical solutions & recommendations You are a specialist when it comes to your level of focus but a generalist when it comes to sharing knowledge and pitching in to help get the team across the finish line. A personal passion for staying on top of new technologies, game trends and discovering ways for implementation. Experience with VR development. Experience with Unity3d tools development Open / Remote 
ScrapedJobID1337:

ScrapedJobID1338:
Work with the level design team creating 3D models for use in creation of game environments, as well as complete environments and set pieces from initial block-out to final polish. Support efficient and collaborative prototype efforts with the design team and project leads. Create engaging and exciting environments and props with strong visual composition and interesting gameplay space. Work with the art Leads and art team to ensure artistic unity across the entire project. Collaborate with the design team to make gameplay and levels function harmoniously. Excel at maintaining consistent aesthetic and technical quality in all environments. Create content that aligns and maintains consistency with the visual direction for the game. Ensure all content meets the highest quality bar and the performance requirements of the game engine. Minimum of 3 years of experience in game development as an artist creating environment assets for games using Maya (or equivalent), Photoshop, Zbrush, and Substance Designer. Strong understanding of next generation asset creation pipelines in engines like UE4, Unity or equivalent. Demonstrated proficiency in organic and hard surface modeling techniques with a focus on stylized content. Possess a good technical background with ability to grasp new programs and systems quickly to support environment art creation. Excellent understanding of light, shade, color, and detail when creating game textures and materials. Self-motivation, superior communication skills, and a great team-player attitude. Able to work creatively as part of a large or small group. Proven ability with problem-solving / prototyping on a game team. Able to effectively collaborate with artists, game designers, and programmers. Strong knowledge and competency with Maya (or similar 3D package), Zbrush, Photoshop, Substance Designer. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Skill in one or more related disciplines – illustration, animation, visual effects, or technical art. Experience with Substance Painter and Substance Designer. Have shipped at least one AAA PC or console title as a 3D environment artist. Experience with JIRA, Confluence, Perforce, and other project management tools. Portfolio and / or reel demonstrating relevant artistic skills required. Only online artwork submissions will be accepted (e.g. website, sketchfab, blog or online album). Must be willing to complete an art test if requested. Opportunity to work on and develop a new and exciting IP Work from anywhere within Canada or come join us in Edmonton! 4 weeks of vacation annually Generous sick and personal days Flexible working hours NO CRUNCH policy RRSP Matching Program Vision, dental, and extended health benefits Health & wellness spending account 
ScrapedJobID1339:
Oversee internal and external technical projects and dependencies for Halo Infinite : ensure contingency plans are in place, recommend solutions, validate plans and timelines, and understand the overall impact on stakeholders Take ownership of various sub-teams of Halo Infinite's engineering team and support them to deliver on key milestones Interact with and manage various key internal and external stakeholder groups, using expert communication skills to foster strong and collaborative relationships Participate in high level planning with project managers and technical directors, while contributing regular updates on engineering efforts of key sub-teams Provide career management to your team through annual performance reviews, ongoing mentorship and feedback, and regular 1-on-1s Support the team directly by providing hands-on coding solutions to help solve complex problems or blockers when needed Be an active participant and driver of SkyBox culture of learning, development, and collaboration 10+ years of professional software engineering experience in the games industry At least 2 years' experience in a leadership role driving technical road maps and managing high performing engineering teams Experience shipping multiple game titles on PC and/or console Extensive experience programming in C++ Strong stakeholder management skills and experience communicating with technical and non-technical teams Experience providing career management to software engineers, with strong leadership skills and a desire to teach and mentor others Driven and self-motivated to produce results and lead technical initiatives Familiarity leading a team in the early stages of a growing project 
ScrapedJobID1340:
Work with the Creative Director and Art Director to adapt aesthetic concepts to real 3D game assets Create a variety of high quality, game-ready 3D models and shaders, including characters, vehicles, and props Define a standard for art assets and support the integration and feedback of outsourced art Collaborate with other team members to ensure art is integrated seamlessly with other facets of the game 5 years experience or at least one shipped title as a 3D Artist Experience creating high-quality models and shaders for Unreal Engine Broad 3D art skills, including photogrammetry, retopology, UV unwrapping, shader editors Able to create a variety of art at high quality, including characters, environmental objects, vehicles, and props Self-motivated and able to collaborate well with team members of all development disciplines 
ScrapedJobID1341:
Set up specific environments and tools for localization Development of tools for production Identify and extract localizable content from complex formats Convert final translated assets back to original formats Automate asset transfer from and to customers portals Troubleshooting issues coming from production, originating from translation process Contribute actively to the design, development and deployment of new production processes Customize localization workflows and facilitate integration of localization tools with different source content repositories Review and anticipate potential globalization issues for new features, locales and technology Analysis of web sites and applications for localization potential and time/material requirements Ensure compliance with clients requirements and integrity of data Provide support to operations and sales management Work with other developers and engineers to implement technical solutions for end-to-end localization processes Review business requirements and identify technical design that is required to meet the business needs University degree in computer science or equivalent background At least 2 to 3 years experience in software development Knowledge of programming languages (VB, VBA, C#, Java), scripting (Python, Perl, JavaScript) and markup languages (XML, HTML, XLIFF); confidence with API programming Experience writing SQL queries is a plus Advanced knowledge of regular expressions and text manipulation Excellent knowledge of most important CAT tools on the market (memoQ, XTM, Memsource, Wordbee, etc.) Advanced knowledge of internationalization good practices and experience with internationalization of web and mobile applications Knowledge of multilingual localization issues and procedures (managing characters set and encoding, text direction, text strings sorting and handling) Knowledge of Machine Translation technology is a plus Able to communicate effectively with stakeholders who have varying levels of technical expertise Fluent in English and French Passion for global solutions, international customers, and teamwork Focus on automation Good problem-solving skills combined with strong analytical abilities to find creative solutions Team player Strong time management, organizational and support skills Strongly service oriented, to efficiently support internal and external customers 
ScrapedJobID1342:
Baccalauréat en informatique ou dans un domaine technique associé 10+ années d’expérience en C++ 10+ années d’expérience en développement de systèmes et de fonctionnalités pour des jeux AAA 5+ années d’expérience en développement de systèmes et de fonctionnalités backend pour des jeux AAA Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related technical field 10+ years of experience in C++ 10+ years of experience in development for AAA video games 5+ years of experience developing backend features for AAA video games Créer les principaux systèmes et fonctionnalités backend du jeu Mettre en place des systèmes qui serviront de base pour les autres développeuses·eurs Collaborer avec vos pairs pour assurer la fiabilité, les performances et la maintenabilité du jeu Contribuer à la conception du jeu ainsi qu’à la vision technique Implement the main backend systems and features of the game Build systems that will serve as a base for other developers Work with your peers to ensure reliability, performance and sustainability of the game features Contribute to the technical and game vision 2+ années d’expérience en développement backend pour des jeux AAA dans un environnement live Expérience avec AWS Expérience avec Unreal 4 ou moteur similaire Bonne maitrise du français ou de l’anglais 2+ years of experience developing backend features for a AAA game in a live environment Experience with AWS Experience with Unreal 4 or similar game engine Good working knowledge of French or English 
ScrapedJobID1343:
Uses particle systems to create, design, and troubleshoot the FX in Unreal (such as fireball burning, explosion after the fireball falls on the ground etc.) Helps the art team optimize FX for Unreal Creates procedural tools and workflows using Blueprints and Python Explores new workflows and technologies to enhance results Helps team debug issues and learn new methods of problem-solving Other related tasks assigned by the team Minimum one (1) year of Unreal experience building, debugging and supporting complex setups in Unreal Minimum one (1) years of experience in scripted tools development Creative ability and artistic talent, demonstrated by previous work Exceptional technical skills, the ability to learn new software quickly, and a keenness to stay on the leading edge Strong willingness to grow, learn new methods and share knowledge with others Ability to work and solve technical issues independently Ability to take direction positively, work well within a team, and thrive under the pressure of tight deadlines Excellent communication skills and an open mind Team player able to work in a collaborative and fast-paced environment Strong troubleshooting skills and ability to figure out solutions on your own Unreal 3ds Max Maya Python Comprehensive benefits after 3 months include extended health, dental, vision & prescription coverage. Paid Vacation + paid Sick days: 18 days(accumulated and based on percentage earning) Active Living Benefits (such as Fitness Memberships, Registration fees for team sports reimbursement) after 3 months Training and development fee reimbursement after 3 months Dependent Child Benefit Paid Holiday Closure between Christmas & New Year week Statutory paid holidays RRSP matching after 1 year Monthly Commute Allowance after 3 months Monthly Team lunch On-site car and Bike Parking Work hours: 10 am to 6 pm with 1 hour paid lunch. Foosball & Pool Tables on site Gym on site Dress code: Casual Child Gift Lots of snacks, drinks available Random extra Bonus/Gifts Referral Bonus 
ScrapedJobID1344:
Build an inspiring game vision and help champion that vision to other team members. Design, implement, tune, and balance game systems, economies, and progression. Solve game design problems that are worth solving; synthesize Game Mechanics, Theme, Monetization Strategies, and Social Features into an integrated product. Foster creative and scalable design solutions, improving the quality of the product and efficiency of the team. Work collaboratively with Producers, Designers, Product Managers, Engineers, Analysts, and cross-functional teams to facilitate well planned and executed features. Create design docs, drawings, diagrams, flowcharts, and any other necessary documents to communicate design functionality and vision Build Blockchain mobile, PC & web games that the world loves to play. Be a constant student of evolving game dynamics, emerging player behavior and trends, and champion these insights to improve effectiveness of design efforts. 7+ years of Game Design experience in PC, Web & Mobile free-to-play games. Strong verbal and written communication skills and ability to organized game design workflow from initial concept to final release and post-release support. An ability to embrace an environment that iterates constantly. Capable of wrapping your head around the challenges and opportunities inherent in blockchain technology. Strong analytical abilities and able to synthesize game systems and mechanics to improve game features and systems. Strong exposure and confidence in identifying and analyzing KPIs then providing action items to ensure the sustainability of your game from a revenue and growth perspective. Experience with all aspects of game design discipline: concept, game progression, interface, monetization, and retention. Pride in creating a high-quality, addictive and social game feature-sets Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience with an emphasis on game design, economics, math, or psychology. Spreadsheet wizardry. Experience with Sport Games a plus. 
ScrapedJobID1345:
Health and Dental Benefits $1000 towards your health and wellness expenses 3-week paid vacation An inclusive environment Mentorship and career growth Company socials, meditation room, pool table and games room, free massages RRSP matching, ESPP contributions, annual bonus Working at the company ranked #1 in the Great Place to Work survey 2019 BS/MS in computer science or equivalent work experience 6+ years experience developing web, software, or mobile applications Solid grasp of software engineering fundamentals and their practical application Solid grasp of JavaScript fundamentals such as closures, prototype, callbacks, promises, error handling Experience with Object Oriented Languages such as: Java/J2EE, C#, VB.NET, Python, C++ Understand and preferably have experience with web services (REST or SOAP) Understand unit testing and preferably Test Driven Development Helpful, can-do attitude and a willingness to take ownership of problems Strong desire to learn and grow Excellent problem solving skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Commitment to team success and positive team dynamics Deliver high quality full-stack applications (requirements, design, code, documentation, etc.) Roughly 70-85% hands-on coding Contribute to early quality activities, including peer reviews of estimates, designs and code Resolve defects/bugs Partner with team members to deliver against commitments Grow and apply technical skills in service to customers Experience Agile Development, SCRUM, and/or Extreme Programming methodologies 
ScrapedJobID1346:
Building tools and services, contributing to our PaaS compute options (Kubernetes, Chef & VM, Serverless). Making access to AWS/GCP services simple and effective. Ensure service scalability through effective code and data storage design. Build prototypes and proof-of-concepts as part of coming up with strong direction for a scalable, fault-tolerant infrastructure. Design, implement, test, and maintain scalable services that are capable of handling real-time and batch processing of thousands of requests. Experience with building backend for large scale applications using Node.js, Python and/or Golang. Experience with designing and developing REST APIs, authentication and securing APIs, asynchronous programming, databases and realtime mobile backends. Deploying and maintaining scalable applications on a cloud platform (AWS/Google Cloud Platform). Experience with DevOps standard methodologies and technologies including but not limited to Kubernetes, Docker and other CI/CD tools. Experience crafting web servers, CDNs and caching solutions with expertise in building micro services. Experience with C#, Unity's engine and related tools. Experience working with AWS, specifically S3, DynamoDB and ECS Master's degree in Computer Science, or equivalent engineering experience. 
ScrapedJobID1347:
Design innovative and engaging digital experiences for web, mobile, tablet, and smart device technology. Create high-fidelity design artifacts such as annotated wireframes, visual design comps, storyboards, and interactive prototypes as necessary to communicate your designs to users, stakeholders, and teammates. Lead UX design activities on digital product development teams. Use UX research techniques, including interviews, surveys, task/workflow analysis, focus group sessions, or diary studies to drive your designs. Mentor and share knowledge with others to help sustain a user-centered, design thinking culture within Digital Studio and Online. Minimum of 2 years’ experience as a UX designer on a product development team. Proficiency in design tools such as Sketch / Figma, InVision Studio, Adobe Creative Suite and Axure. Proficiency in UX disciplines, such as interaction design, information architecture, visual design, user research, and front-end development. Familiarity with standards-compliant web and mobile design patterns. Ability to communicate UX principles, goals, and design processes to clients and team members. Related degree or diploma, such as design, HCI, interaction design, psychology, human factors, or computer science. Professional Development budget and days Interest-free tech-enablement loans A Career Mentor to support your growth and development RRSP/401K matches Bonus programs Wellness program 
ScrapedJobID1348:
Participer à la conception, au développement et au déploiement du site internet d'Audiokinetic et du Wwise Launcher. Améliorer les performances des applications. Consolider les tests automatisés. Prendre part au support des systèmes en production. Au moins sept (7) ans d'expérience en développement web. ReactJS n'a plus de secret pour vous. Vous avez de solides connaissances en technologies frontaux (front-end). Joueur.euse d'équipe, vous êtes à l'aise avec les processus de co-création Vous êtes toujours en quête de nouveauté et adorez apprendre des autres. Vous vous exprimez parfaitement à l'oral et à l'écrit en français comme en anglais. Get involved in the conception, development and deployment of the Audiokinetic website and Wwise Launcher. Improve application performances. Strengthen automated tests. Participate in production systems maintenance and support. At least seven (7) years of experience as a web developer. ReactJS no longer has secrets for you. You have strong knowledge of front-end technologies. Great team player, you are comfortable with co-creation processes. Lifelong learner, you are constantly teaching yourself new things and you love learning from others. Excellent written and verbal communication skills in French and English. 
ScrapedJobID1349:
What we’d like: Proficient in JavaScript frameworks, e.g., React, Angular, Vue.js. 5+ years of experience in Java Framework Must have experience with Azure and/or AWS Experience in web application frameworks. Experience in web services. Experience working in both Agile and Waterfall environments. Knowledge of SOLID design principles. Experience with unit tests and mocking frameworks. Understanding of database technologies and performance tuning. Professional Development budget and days Interest-free tech-enablement loans A Career Mentor to support your growth and development RRSP/401K matches Bonus programs Wellness program 
ScrapedJobID1350:

ScrapedJobID1351:
Développer, améliorer et maintenir les fonctionnalités principales en utilisant React; Comprendre le contexte commercial et les scénarios d’utilisation par les clients; Collaborer directement avec les parties prenantes pour créer des expériences utilisateur plaisantes; Veiller au respect des politiques et des pratiques de sécurité, conformément aux autorités de contrôle internes et externes; Agir à titre de conseiller ou de guide auprès des nouveaux intégrateurs Web ou des moins expérimentés; Capacité à fonctionner de façon autonome, même si une certaine supervision et des instructions peuvent être requises. Expérience de cinq ans et plus concernant des bibliothèques telles que React, HTML et CSS; Expérience en matière de conception et de développement de produits; Expérience concernant les outils de prototypage (Fima, Sketch, etc.); Maîtrise de Node.js; Maîtrise d’AWS comme plateforme infonuagique; Expérience avec CI/CD; Expérience pour transposer les exigences en solutions à l’aide d’une documentation technique détaillée; Aisance en anglais. Maîtrise de SQL; Expérience concernant le service de base de données DynamoDB; SonarQube. Excellentes compétences pour communiquer, à l’écrit et à l’oral, avec les individus et les équipes, et ce, à tous les échelons de l’entreprise; Grande habileté à gérer son temps, le stress et à s’organiser; Souci du détail, mais capacité à comprendre la situation dans son ensemble; Capacité à analyser et à documenter des processus commerciaux complexes; Expérience quant à la communication avec des utilisateurs professionnels; Bonnes aptitudes pour la gestion de projet; Orientation confirmée pour le service à la clientèle; Capacité avérée à résoudre des problèmes et à apporter des solutions à des questions liées aux affaires ou aux données. Develop, enhance, and maintain core features using React Understand the business context and the associated customer use cases Collaborate directly with stakeholders to build delightful user experiences Ensure compliance with security policies and practices in accordance with internal and external audit governing bodies Serve as advisor or coach to new or less experienced front-end developers Expected to operate with autonomy, while some oversight and direction may be required 5+ years’ experience with React, HTML and CSS Experience with design and product development Proficiency with Node.js Proficiency with AWS as cloud platform Experience with CI/CD Experience in translating requirements with solutions using Detailed Technical documentation Fluency in English. Proficiency with SQL Experience with DynamoDB SonarQube Excellent written and oral communication skills with individuals and teams at all levels of the organization. Excellent time and stress management and organizational skills. Detail oriented but able to understand the big picture Ability to analyze and document complex business processes Experience communicating with business users Good project management skills. Strong customer service orientation Demonstrated ability to problem solve and provide solutions for business or data issues 
ScrapedJobID1352:
Python to build the backend of GridOS. React JavaScript on the front end of GridOS. Docker for containerization and deployment. Gitlab for repository management. Ansible to deploy environment configurations. Terraform to provision new environments. Develop new user-facing features and refactor and enhance existing features Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs Optimize applications for maximum speed and scalability and build reusable code and libraries Assure that all user input is validated before submitting to back-end services Support testing processes, troubleshoot and resolve issues. Work in an Agile/SCRUM team setting including cross-functional structures and varying levels of management. The education. You have a degree in Computer Science or equivalent. The experience. You have 3+ years experience developing large, stateful, component-based web applications using modern JavaScript frameworks (i.e. React, Angular, AngularJS, Vue, etc.) Since we use React, you must have a thorough understanding of React.js and its core principles. You’re familiar with version control systems and automated testing frameworks. The technical expertise. Your programming skills are strong and you can quickly learn new technologies. You have good understanding of web markup, including HTML5 and CSS3 and familiar with CSS preprocessors such as Sass, front-end build tools, such as Webpack, Grunt, and/or Gulp.js and with JavaScript module loaders, such as Require.js and AMD. You are also proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around such issues and browser rendering behaviour and performance. The communication. You have great communication skills that help you build positive relationships with your teammates. 
ScrapedJobID1353:
Baccalauréat en informatique ou dans un domaine technique associé 5+ années d’expérience en Python, C# or C++ 5+ années d’expérience en développement des pipelines de configuration, de version et d'automatisation Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related technical field 5+ years of experience using Python, C# or C++ 5+ years of experience developing build, release and automation pipelines for video games S'approprier les pipelines de configuration, de version et d'automatisation. Rechercher, intégrer et développer des technologies qui supportent l'innovation et améliorent la fiabilité, la performance et la productivité Contribuer à la vision technologique du projet Take ownership of build, release and automation pipelines Investigate, integrate, and develop technologies bringing innovation and improving reliability, performance and productivity Contribute to the technical vision of the project Expérience avec Unreal 4 ou moteur similaire Expérience avec infrastructure d'automatisation Expérience with DevOps Bonne maîtrise du français et de l’anglais Experience with Unreal 4 or similar game engine Experience with automation infrastructure Experience with DevOps Good working knowledge of French and English 
ScrapedJobID1354:
Collaborate closely with engineers, designers, and fellow artists to improve the world building experience in Unity Prototype and help develop environment creation tools Advocate for efficient, sophisticated world building workflows Build exemplary content samples demonstrating Unity features and workflow improvements Professional expertise with one or more scripting languages (C#, Python, MaxScript, etc.) Professional experience building or managing 3d game worlds Proficient with at least one DCC content creation tool (Maya, Blender, 3DSMax, Houdini, etc.) Excellent communication skills and ability to work effectively in a team environment Shader authoring experience, either with HLSL/GLSL or node-based shader environment Familiarity with procedural modeling techniques (Houdini or similar tools) Shipped Unity titles are not necessary, but are a plus Collaborer étroitement avec les développeurs(euses), les concepteurs(trices) et les autres artistes pour améliorer l'expérience de création de monde dans Unity Prototyper et contribuer au développement des outils de création d'environnement Préconiser des processus de construction efficaces et sophistiqués pour créer des mondes Élaborer des échantillons de contenu exemplaires illustrant les fonctionnalités de Unity et les améliorations apportées au processus Contribuer à la documentation, au matériel de formation, aux présentations et aux démonstrations Une expertise professionnelle dans un ou plusieurs langages de script (C#, Python, MaxScript, etc.) Une expérience professionnelle dans la construction ou la gestion de mondes de jeux en 3D Une maîtrise d'au moins un outil de création de contenu DCC (Maya, Blender, 3DSMax, Houdini, etc.) D'excellentes aptitudes à la communication et la capacité de travailler efficacement au sein d'une équipe Une expérience de création de shaders, soit avec HLSL/GLSL, soit avec un environnement de shaders basé sur les nœuds Une familiarité avec les techniques de modélisation procédurale (Houdini ou d'autres outils similaires) Une livraison de titres Unity n'est pas nécessaire, mais c'est un atout 
ScrapedJobID1355:
Help drive the design and implementation of new services for our platform Collaborate with multi-functional teams including Data and Customer Satisfaction Design and code products that are scalable, resilient, and fully tested Deliver a quality resulting in customer delight for your product(s) Demonstrated knowledge of modern server development, threading/concurrency, networking, automated testing in at scale Experience with development from the design stage to fielding and supporting code Proficiency in more than 1 mainstream programming language. Understanding of cloud data storage techniques and standard methodologies Willingness to guide and mentor other specialists as the team expands, someone who will set the bar on excellent delivery while solidly supporting the team Experience with Golang, Python, and/or Linux Deep knowledge building high-performance and high-availability distributed systems Experience in game development or social / communication services Help drive the design and implementation of new services for our platform Collaborate with multi-functional teams including Data and Customer Satisfaction Design and code products that are scalable, resilient, and fully tested Deliver a quality resulting in customer delight for your product(s) Demonstrated knowledge of modern server development, threading/concurrency, networking, automated testing in at scale Experience with development from the design stage to fielding and supporting code Proficiency in more than 1 mainstream programming language. Understanding of cloud data storage techniques and standard methodologies Willingness to guide and mentor other specialists as the team expands, someone who will set the bar on excellent delivery while solidly supporting the team Experience with Golang, Python, and/or Linux Deep knowledge building high-performance and high-availability distributed systems Experience in game development or social / communication services 
ScrapedJobID1356:
Expert in C++ and object-oriented programming with a strong 3D math background Minimum 7 years of software engineering experience Experience in programming movement, navigation, and decision-making AI Game designer's creativity Keen analytical mind Ability to write solid, reliable, efficient code Strong verbal and written communication skills in English High work ethic and self-motivation Passion for Games Excellent communication skills Unreal Engine 4 knowledge Shipped title experience Experience working on a mod/title on the Unreal Engine Performance and optimization skills BS (or higher) in Computer Science or similar discipline (Physics, Math, EE, etc.) Competitive salary Personal development opportunities and the possibility to work in a multicultural environment. Work with highly-skilled, senior-level professionals. Being part of a young organization and having a true impact on your daily work. Opportunity to work on innovative, exciting AAA projects with the newest technologies. An informal atmosphere, no dress code, no unwanted formalities 
ScrapedJobID1357:
Build and maintain trusting and collaborative relationships with our co-development partners and interact with various key internal and external stakeholders Align with our partners on artistic direction to ensure high quality assets creation Work with art, production and technical leads to coordinate milestone schedules Anticipate and identify potential risks associated with meeting project deadlines, ensuring the appropriate steps are taken to resolve issues that may hinder progress or compromise project objectives Provide hands on solutions to help solve complex problems or blockers Evaluate and provide recommendations to improve processes, tools and workflows Create and manage team schedules and establish proper workflow among the art team Set out and assign tasks for the team and attend regular stand-ups Review the team’s work and provide clear and consistent feedback to ensure quality and alignment with project goals and artistic vision Provide career management to the art team through performance reviews, ongoing mentorship and feedback, and regular 1-on-1s 8+ years of experience in the games industry with a strong background in 3D character and/or environment art 5+ years of people management experience leading a team of artists, with a strong interest in mentorship and career development Experience shipping multiple game titles on PC and/or console Proven ability to provide artistic, technical and development feedback on a range of art assets Strong stakeholder management skills Strong attention to detail, organizational and time estimation skills Proactive with the ability to anticipate potential risks and issues and come up with appropriate solutions Able to take direction and receive feedback well Capable of managing competing priorities and working independently within established guidelines Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to lead, influence and motivate others Experience working with external development partners is a plus Experience working on AAA action/adventure titles Strong understanding of in-game visual production and processes 
ScrapedJobID1358:
Build, test, maintain the backend and frontend for our admin system Write effective APIsWrite effective unit and integration tests Write technical documentation Build the front-end of applications through visually appealing design Test system to ensure responsiveness and efficiency Work closely with business and product team to enhance UX Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade system whenever applicable Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field 2+ years of demonstrable experience with Scala or Java 2+ years of demonstrable experience with MySQL or any relational database 2+ years of demonstrable experience with React or AngularHands-on experience with UX/UI design Great attention to detail Flexibility to WFH For the third year in a row, we are proud to announce that we have been certified as a Great Place to Work We were also certified as one of the Best Workplaces for Mental Wellness in 2020 We are an open work environment that fosters collaboration, ownership, creativity, and urgency We ensure flexible hours outside of our core working hours Enrolment in the Group Health Benefits plan right from day 1, no waiting period Team building events Fuel for the day: Weekly delivery of groceries, and all types of snacks Catered lunches and desserts on a monthly basis Daily fun in the office with our competitive games of Ping Pong, Pool, Smash Bros competitions, or FIFA And of course, an unlimited amount of freshly made coffee and tea! We’re pretty serious about our coffee beans Online learning through the platform, UDEMY 
ScrapedJobID1359:
Collaborate with the Creative Director and Art Director to explore and establish the visual aesthetic of a new science-fiction IP, through sketches, concepts, and look development. Bring strong creative ideas and an ability to polish them to high quality, through sophisticated art techniques in lighting, composition, materials, and rendering methods. Participate in story, game, and design discussions, and help explore new ideas through sketching and rough concepts that quickly illustrate different possibilities. Create concepts for specific game needs as well as your own proactive ideas inspired by the theme of the IP
Seek and respond to feedback from other team members 3+ years experience in videogames, TV, or film A portfolio showcasing your experience with sci-fi concepts of characters, objects, and environments A passion for science-fiction and a talent for producing original creative ideas Ability to use 3D software as part of your workflow Self-motivated and able to collaborate well with team members of all development disciplines 
ScrapedJobID1360:
Using your extensive software engineering experience you’ll interface with customers to deliver bespoke solutions and successfully co-develop games using SpatialOS and our suite of tools. Work directly with our internal studios to drive development of our 1st party games using SpatialOS. Be a focal point for all in-depth technical problems across all external games studios, covering all areas of gameplay development, helping solve some of the hardest challenges within the industry. Working directly with our customers, you will establish technical requirements from creative or design-led pitches. You’ll build engine integration solutions and best practices to enable our partners to adopt our software successfully. You will become a master of SpatialOS engaging with multiple internal teams and a variety of customers, engines and technologies as we continue to grow. Demonstrable knowledge and passion for games and/or game development. Strong communication skills to effectively interact with external teams and stakeholders. Strong Software Engineering with flexibility in ambiguous environments Cloud computing Hunger to learn and improve. 
ScrapedJobID1361:
We develop animation technology, from performance capture through to a sophisticated runtime engine, for massive open world games. We are a global team of programmers and researchers who collaborate on pushing the boundaries of character animation on next generation hardware. We support and work closely with gameplay, animation, and technical art teams, across multiple projects at different Rockstar studios. Join our core animation technology team and work closely with performance capture, animation, rigging, technical art, and tools teams across different Rockstar studios. Develop, maintain, extend, and support new and existing libraries and DCC plugins exposing core animation and character technologies to a broader range of developers and artists. Implement well designed multi-language tools and DCC plugins improving technology availability across different content creation environments. Learn how to work with animation system features in a large, existing codebase. A degree in Computer Science or a related discipline, or equivalent industry experience. Experience developing tools and plugins for DCCs (e.g. Maya, Max, Motion Builder, Blender, Houdini etc) A passion for character-based games and for creating tools and DCC plugins that simplifies and speeds up content generation. Strong Python and C++ programming skills. Familiarity with networking (e.g. TCP/UDP sockets) or inter-process communication techniques. Good communication skills, ability to clearly share complex technical information with other programmers, animators and technical artists. Industry experience working on AAA character based games, or character based VFX animation. Experience creating Python bindings to C++ libraries. Strong 3D math skills. Experience animating or rigging (using skeletal bones or blend shapes) in Motion Builder, 3DS Max, Maya, Houdini, or Blender, etc. 
ScrapedJobID1362:
Position based in Halifax, Nova Scotia. Will consider remote. Study results of game usability tests and generate reports outlining player behavior Study live player data and work with game design team to reconcile design intent Work closely in support of Product Manager to generate ad hoc reports from player data or usability studies Segment players into useful actionable groups Fully engage in gameplay throughout the development process and provide context to data and reporting Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports Support the development of data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality Work independently to identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in data sets Filter and clean data as needed Work closely with management to prioritize business and information needs 5+ years of experience in game research and player data analysis Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques Strong knowledge of, and experience with, reporting packages (Tableau Software, Power BI etc…), and ability to query database and generate reports Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing large datasets Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings BS in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management, Behavioral Psychology or Statistics (or comparable) Proven ability to analyze player behavior within a live game Passion for playing and studying games Passion for data, trends and analysis Strong interpersonal skills; comfortable dealing with a wide range of people from executive management to offshore developers Excellent communication skills (verbal and written), ability to present complex technical information to non-technical business users Able to handle multiple tasks in a fast paced environment and adjust to frequent changes in requirements and deadlines Seasoned communicator that is comfortable on email, phone and IM, and has ability to effectively manage communication style up, across and down a management structure, within a diversely skilled organization in multiple locations Strong attention to detail, accuracy, accountability and deadlines, with excellent organizational, time-management, multi-tasking and project management capabilities Organized, reliable self-starter with strong creative thinking, analytical, problem-solving, decision-making and interpersonal skills Ability to work independently and collaboratively Ability to communicate reporting deliverables with both technical and non-technical internal stakeholders Has a positive attitude and thrives in fast-paced, interactive environment 
ScrapedJobID1363:
Create physically-based Materials/Textures for use with props, environments, and characters Assist in material library creation and maintaining material pipelines Collaborate with other artists to build and integrate assets into a visually consistent and highly immersive world Match established art styles while helping improve the visual direction Portfolio demonstrating a wide variety of materials using both procedural and 3d sculpted techniques. Portfolio demonstrating tiled textures and 0-1 UV mapped assets. Assets must show strong attention to detail focusing on believability and overall esthetic composition Solid understanding of PBR standards and surface/light interactions Strong foundation knowledge in traditional arts Experience creating 3D art for a game project or title Able to use 3D and/or procedural techniques to create high-quality materials within production timelines Strong knowledge of UE4 Strong knowledge of Maya and/or another 3D software package Strong knowledge of Zbrush modeling Solid understanding of color theory, and be able to create balanced and appealing color palettes Must be punctual, diligent, articulate, and organized A desire to work and support a diverse and inclusive environment Experience leading other artists Shipped 1+ AAA title as an environment artist Experience using proprietary editors, software, and tools 
ScrapedJobID1364:
As a key team member, you will help to scope, plan, and execute mobile application development. Collaborate with stakeholders and team members to iterate on solutions and to continually deliver value to our clients. Improve the application delivery process using automation and writing testable software. Contribute to solutions for new and interesting problems, which often involve spatiotemporal components. Participate in the product testing and peer review process. Develop yourself personally and professionally by actively setting and achieving ambitious goals. Impact Lim Geomatics' growth by developing great mobile applications and solutions. Comfortable with Agile development practices, working in small teams running modern dev ops. You have 4 or more years of mobile development experience. Cross-platform mobile development, C# and .NET knowledge, and Xamarin experience would be an asset. Experience with development environments on both Windows and MacOS. Experience with Esri technology and mapping solutions would be an asset. Experience with SQL and database technologies. Experience using peripheral sensors (GPS, Camera, Bluetooth, Motion) and their data would be an asset. Able to manage a workload that may touch on a few different applications any given week. You can independently research and implement solutions to complex problems. 
ScrapedJobID1365:
Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site parking RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday How many years experience do you have with C#? How many years experience do you have designing and implementing reliable, scalable software? Yes 
ScrapedJobID1366:
Contribute in the full lifecycle management of software development, including requirement gathering and analysis, design, task/issue management, implementation, release, and support. Write code! Become familiar with our tech-stack and develop code that produces highly usable, robust, and reliable solutions for our customers. Use industry standard practices and patterns such Micro Services and APIs to design and develop complex solutions Write automated unit and integration tests to validate the code is doing what it’s designed for and saving effort for subsequent manual testing. Improve our DevOps and CI/CD pipelines which support our Development and Quality Assurance teams. Research and integrate with COTS solutions, 3rd party software, legacy systems, and peripherals. Be part of a great team! Learn, share, and work with your colleagues to bring ideas forward – we want to hear them! Full stack development experience using one of more of our core technologies is an asset (Micro services, APIs, JavaScript, CSS, .Net C#, Redis, NodeJS, React, SQL) DevOps and Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery Designing/developing scalable solution for cloud and on-prem Documenting solutions using UML, OpenAPI and other standards (or the back of a napkin) Planning and tracking work items/sprints Self-directed learner, continuously learning new technology Attention to detail and quality A passion for helping people Expert organization skills Good judgement and dedication to providing a quality product The ability to obtain, and maintain, Government of Canada Level 1 (Reliability) clearance. 
ScrapedJobID1367:
Build an inspiring game vision and help champion that vision to other team members. Design, implement, tune, and balance game systems, economies, and progression. Solve game design problems that are worth solving; synthesize Game Mechanics, Theme, Monetization Strategies, and Social Features into an integrated product. Foster creative and scalable design solutions, improving the quality of the product and efficiency of the team. Work collaboratively with Producers, Designers, Product Managers, Engineers, Analysts, and cross-functional teams to facilitate well planned and executed features. Create design docs, drawings, diagrams, flowcharts, and any other necessary documents to communicate design functionality and vision Build Blockchain mobile, PC & web games that the world loves to play. Be a constant student of evolving game dynamics, emerging player behavior and trends, and champion these insights to improve effectiveness of design efforts. 7+ years of Game Design experience in PC, Web & Mobile free-to-play games. Strong verbal and written communication skills and ability to organized game design workflow from initial concept to final release and post-release support. An ability to embrace an environment that iterates constantly. Capable of wrapping your head around the challenges and opportunities inherent in blockchain technology. Strong analytical abilities and able to synthesize game systems and mechanics to improve game features and systems. Strong exposure and confidence in identifying and analyzing KPIs then providing action items to ensure the sustainability of your game from a revenue and growth perspective. Experience with all aspects of game design discipline: concept, game progression, interface, monetization, and retention. Pride in creating a high-quality, addictive and social game feature-sets Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience with an emphasis on game design, economics, math, or psychology. Spreadsheet wizardry. Experience with Sport Games a plus. 
ScrapedJobID1368:
Partner with the Clients and our internal External Productions group to understand the overall game vision and the requirements of the project in order to be involved in the planning strategies. Pave the way for production: optimize workflows and pipelines and implement effective means to facilitate interaction between colleagues. Set clear goals for your team members to achieve + use tracking tools to make sure the process of delivering those goals is as smooth as possible. Understand dependencies, anticipate risks & put plans of action in place to minimize disruption of production. Build reports to clearly represent progress of the development. Proven experience shipping a real-time 3D game as a project manager, producer, or technical role Flexibility to adapt to a range of situations & navigate interdependencies Excellent communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills Proficiency in written and spoken English and are able to clearly communicate ideas and technical knowledge. A diligent, collaborative, and proactive spirit that gets results but never loses sight of the dedicated people behind the work that we are doing. Familiarity with the Unity Engine Experience working in a certain/multiple domains in AAA game development. Experience with Jira 
ScrapedJobID1369:
Help drive the design and implementation of new services for our platform Collaborate with multi-functional teams including Data and Customer Satisfaction Design and code products that are scalable, resilient, and fully tested Deliver a quality resulting in customer delight for your product(s) Demonstrated knowledge of modern server development, threading/concurrency, networking, automated testing in at scale Experience with development from the design stage to fielding and supporting code Proficiency in more than 1 mainstream programming language. Understanding of cloud data storage techniques and standard methodologies Willingness to guide and mentor other specialists as the team expands, someone who will set the bar on excellent delivery while solidly supporting the team Experience with Golang, Python, and/or Linux Deep knowledge building high-performance and high-availability distributed systems Experience in game development or social / communication services Help drive the design and implementation of new services for our platform Collaborate with multi-functional teams including Data and Customer Satisfaction Design and code products that are scalable, resilient, and fully tested Deliver a quality resulting in customer delight for your product(s) Demonstrated knowledge of modern server development, threading/concurrency, networking, automated testing in at scale Experience with development from the design stage to fielding and supporting code Proficiency in more than 1 mainstream programming language. Understanding of cloud data storage techniques and standard methodologies Willingness to guide and mentor other specialists as the team expands, someone who will set the bar on excellent delivery while solidly supporting the team Experience with Golang, Python, and/or Linux Deep knowledge building high-performance and high-availability distributed systems Experience in game development or social / communication services 
ScrapedJobID1370:
Expert in C++ and object-oriented programming with a strong 3D math background Minimum 7 years of software engineering experience Experience in programming movement, navigation, and decision-making AI Game designer's creativity Keen analytical mind Ability to write solid, reliable, efficient code Strong verbal and written communication skills in English High work ethic and self-motivation Passion for Games Excellent communication skills Unreal Engine 4 knowledge Shipped title experience Experience working on a mod/title on the Unreal Engine Performance and optimization skills BS (or higher) in Computer Science or similar discipline (Physics, Math, EE, etc.) Competitive salary Personal development opportunities and the possibility to work in a multicultural environment. Work with highly-skilled, senior-level professionals. Being part of a young organization and having a true impact on your daily work. Opportunity to work on innovative, exciting AAA projects with the newest technologies. An informal atmosphere, no dress code, no unwanted formalities 
ScrapedJobID1371:
Highly motivated and dynamic professionals Motivated designers with broad backgrounds and service mindset to be a consultant Professionals with ability to work both with in-house projects and on-site assignments at our customer’s locations Company Culture – outstanding people and a flexible work environment with lots of after work activities/groups! It’s so great, we even won an award for it! Work/Life Balance – 4 weeks holidays to start and work that stays at work! Career Growth Opportunities – being a design house keeps variety in your work. New opportunities happening all the time! Great Benefits – and, they start the same day you do… and, they include your family… and, the company matches your RRSP contributions! 
ScrapedJobID1372:
Build and maintain trusting and collaborative relationships with our co-development partners and interact with various key internal and external stakeholders Align with our partners on artistic direction to ensure high quality assets creation Work with art, production and technical leads to coordinate milestone schedules Anticipate and identify potential risks associated with meeting project deadlines, ensuring the appropriate steps are taken to resolve issues that may hinder progress or compromise project objectives Provide hands on solutions to help solve complex problems or blockers Evaluate and provide recommendations to improve processes, tools and workflows Create and manage team schedules and establish proper workflow among the art team Set out and assign tasks for the team and attend regular stand-ups Review the team’s work and provide clear and consistent feedback to ensure quality and alignment with project goals and artistic vision Provide career management to the art team through performance reviews, ongoing mentorship and feedback, and regular 1-on-1s 8+ years of experience in the games industry with a strong background in 3D character and/or environment art 5+ years of people management experience leading a team of artists, with a strong interest in mentorship and career development Experience shipping multiple game titles on PC and/or console Proven ability to provide artistic, technical and development feedback on a range of art assets Strong stakeholder management skills Strong attention to detail, organizational and time estimation skills Proactive with the ability to anticipate potential risks and issues and come up with appropriate solutions Able to take direction and receive feedback well Capable of managing competing priorities and working independently within established guidelines Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to lead, influence and motivate others Experience working with external development partners is a plus Experience working on AAA action/adventure titles Strong understanding of in-game visual production and processes 
ScrapedJobID1373:
Build, test, maintain the backend and frontend for our admin system Write effective APIsWrite effective unit and integration tests Write technical documentation Build the front-end of applications through visually appealing design Test system to ensure responsiveness and efficiency Work closely with business and product team to enhance UX Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade system whenever applicable Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field 2+ years of demonstrable experience with Scala or Java 2+ years of demonstrable experience with MySQL or any relational database 2+ years of demonstrable experience with React or AngularHands-on experience with UX/UI design Great attention to detail Flexibility to WFH For the third year in a row, we are proud to announce that we have been certified as a Great Place to Work We were also certified as one of the Best Workplaces for Mental Wellness in 2020 We are an open work environment that fosters collaboration, ownership, creativity, and urgency We ensure flexible hours outside of our core working hours Enrolment in the Group Health Benefits plan right from day 1, no waiting period Team building events Fuel for the day: Weekly delivery of groceries, and all types of snacks Catered lunches and desserts on a monthly basis Daily fun in the office with our competitive games of Ping Pong, Pool, Smash Bros competitions, or FIFA And of course, an unlimited amount of freshly made coffee and tea! We’re pretty serious about our coffee beans Online learning through the platform, UDEMY 
ScrapedJobID1374:
Collaborate with the Creative Director and Art Director to explore and establish the visual aesthetic of a new science-fiction IP, through sketches, concepts, and look development. Bring strong creative ideas and an ability to polish them to high quality, through sophisticated art techniques in lighting, composition, materials, and rendering methods. Participate in story, game, and design discussions, and help explore new ideas through sketching and rough concepts that quickly illustrate different possibilities. Create concepts for specific game needs as well as your own proactive ideas inspired by the theme of the IP
Seek and respond to feedback from other team members 3+ years experience in videogames, TV, or film A portfolio showcasing your experience with sci-fi concepts of characters, objects, and environments A passion for science-fiction and a talent for producing original creative ideas Ability to use 3D software as part of your workflow Self-motivated and able to collaborate well with team members of all development disciplines 
ScrapedJobID1375:
Using your extensive software engineering experience you’ll interface with customers to deliver bespoke solutions and successfully co-develop games using SpatialOS and our suite of tools. Work directly with our internal studios to drive development of our 1st party games using SpatialOS. Be a focal point for all in-depth technical problems across all external games studios, covering all areas of gameplay development, helping solve some of the hardest challenges within the industry. Working directly with our customers, you will establish technical requirements from creative or design-led pitches. You’ll build engine integration solutions and best practices to enable our partners to adopt our software successfully. You will become a master of SpatialOS engaging with multiple internal teams and a variety of customers, engines and technologies as we continue to grow. Demonstrable knowledge and passion for games and/or game development. Strong communication skills to effectively interact with external teams and stakeholders. Strong Software Engineering with flexibility in ambiguous environments Cloud computing Hunger to learn and improve. 
ScrapedJobID1376:
We develop animation technology, from performance capture through to a sophisticated runtime engine, for massive open world games. We are a global team of programmers and researchers who collaborate on pushing the boundaries of character animation on next generation hardware. We support and work closely with gameplay, animation, and technical art teams, across multiple projects at different Rockstar studios. Join our core animation technology team and work closely with performance capture, animation, rigging, technical art, and tools teams across different Rockstar studios. Develop, maintain, extend, and support new and existing libraries and DCC plugins exposing core animation and character technologies to a broader range of developers and artists. Implement well designed multi-language tools and DCC plugins improving technology availability across different content creation environments. Learn how to work with animation system features in a large, existing codebase. A degree in Computer Science or a related discipline, or equivalent industry experience. Experience developing tools and plugins for DCCs (e.g. Maya, Max, Motion Builder, Blender, Houdini etc) A passion for character-based games and for creating tools and DCC plugins that simplifies and speeds up content generation. Strong Python and C++ programming skills. Familiarity with networking (e.g. TCP/UDP sockets) or inter-process communication techniques. Good communication skills, ability to clearly share complex technical information with other programmers, animators and technical artists. Industry experience working on AAA character based games, or character based VFX animation. Experience creating Python bindings to C++ libraries. Strong 3D math skills. Experience animating or rigging (using skeletal bones or blend shapes) in Motion Builder, 3DS Max, Maya, Houdini, or Blender, etc. 
ScrapedJobID1377:
Position based in Halifax, Nova Scotia. Will consider remote. Study results of game usability tests and generate reports outlining player behavior Study live player data and work with game design team to reconcile design intent Work closely in support of Product Manager to generate ad hoc reports from player data or usability studies Segment players into useful actionable groups Fully engage in gameplay throughout the development process and provide context to data and reporting Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports Support the development of data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality Work independently to identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in data sets Filter and clean data as needed Work closely with management to prioritize business and information needs 5+ years of experience in game research and player data analysis Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques Strong knowledge of, and experience with, reporting packages (Tableau Software, Power BI etc…), and ability to query database and generate reports Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing large datasets Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings BS in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management, Behavioral Psychology or Statistics (or comparable) Proven ability to analyze player behavior within a live game Passion for playing and studying games Passion for data, trends and analysis Strong interpersonal skills; comfortable dealing with a wide range of people from executive management to offshore developers Excellent communication skills (verbal and written), ability to present complex technical information to non-technical business users Able to handle multiple tasks in a fast paced environment and adjust to frequent changes in requirements and deadlines Seasoned communicator that is comfortable on email, phone and IM, and has ability to effectively manage communication style up, across and down a management structure, within a diversely skilled organization in multiple locations Strong attention to detail, accuracy, accountability and deadlines, with excellent organizational, time-management, multi-tasking and project management capabilities Organized, reliable self-starter with strong creative thinking, analytical, problem-solving, decision-making and interpersonal skills Ability to work independently and collaboratively Ability to communicate reporting deliverables with both technical and non-technical internal stakeholders Has a positive attitude and thrives in fast-paced, interactive environment 
ScrapedJobID1378:
Create physically-based Materials/Textures for use with props, environments, and characters Assist in material library creation and maintaining material pipelines Collaborate with other artists to build and integrate assets into a visually consistent and highly immersive world Match established art styles while helping improve the visual direction Portfolio demonstrating a wide variety of materials using both procedural and 3d sculpted techniques. Portfolio demonstrating tiled textures and 0-1 UV mapped assets. Assets must show strong attention to detail focusing on believability and overall esthetic composition Solid understanding of PBR standards and surface/light interactions Strong foundation knowledge in traditional arts Experience creating 3D art for a game project or title Able to use 3D and/or procedural techniques to create high-quality materials within production timelines Strong knowledge of UE4 Strong knowledge of Maya and/or another 3D software package Strong knowledge of Zbrush modeling Solid understanding of color theory, and be able to create balanced and appealing color palettes Must be punctual, diligent, articulate, and organized A desire to work and support a diverse and inclusive environment Experience leading other artists Shipped 1+ AAA title as an environment artist Experience using proprietary editors, software, and tools 
ScrapedJobID1379:
As a key team member, you will help to scope, plan, and execute mobile application development. Collaborate with stakeholders and team members to iterate on solutions and to continually deliver value to our clients. Improve the application delivery process using automation and writing testable software. Contribute to solutions for new and interesting problems, which often involve spatiotemporal components. Participate in the product testing and peer review process. Develop yourself personally and professionally by actively setting and achieving ambitious goals. Impact Lim Geomatics' growth by developing great mobile applications and solutions. Comfortable with Agile development practices, working in small teams running modern dev ops. You have 4 or more years of mobile development experience. Cross-platform mobile development, C# and .NET knowledge, and Xamarin experience would be an asset. Experience with development environments on both Windows and MacOS. Experience with Esri technology and mapping solutions would be an asset. Experience with SQL and database technologies. Experience using peripheral sensors (GPS, Camera, Bluetooth, Motion) and their data would be an asset. Able to manage a workload that may touch on a few different applications any given week. You can independently research and implement solutions to complex problems. 
ScrapedJobID1380:
Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site parking RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday How many years experience do you have with C#? How many years experience do you have designing and implementing reliable, scalable software? Yes 
ScrapedJobID1381:
Contribute in the full lifecycle management of software development, including requirement gathering and analysis, design, task/issue management, implementation, release, and support. Write code! Become familiar with our tech-stack and develop code that produces highly usable, robust, and reliable solutions for our customers. Use industry standard practices and patterns such Micro Services and APIs to design and develop complex solutions Write automated unit and integration tests to validate the code is doing what it’s designed for and saving effort for subsequent manual testing. Improve our DevOps and CI/CD pipelines which support our Development and Quality Assurance teams. Research and integrate with COTS solutions, 3rd party software, legacy systems, and peripherals. Be part of a great team! Learn, share, and work with your colleagues to bring ideas forward – we want to hear them! Full stack development experience using one of more of our core technologies is an asset (Micro services, APIs, JavaScript, CSS, .Net C#, Redis, NodeJS, React, SQL) DevOps and Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery Designing/developing scalable solution for cloud and on-prem Documenting solutions using UML, OpenAPI and other standards (or the back of a napkin) Planning and tracking work items/sprints Self-directed learner, continuously learning new technology Attention to detail and quality A passion for helping people Expert organization skills Good judgement and dedication to providing a quality product The ability to obtain, and maintain, Government of Canada Level 1 (Reliability) clearance. 
ScrapedJobID1382:
Build an inspiring game vision and help champion that vision to other team members. Design, implement, tune, and balance game systems, economies, and progression. Solve game design problems that are worth solving; synthesize Game Mechanics, Theme, Monetization Strategies, and Social Features into an integrated product. Foster creative and scalable design solutions, improving the quality of the product and efficiency of the team. Work collaboratively with Producers, Designers, Product Managers, Engineers, Analysts, and cross-functional teams to facilitate well planned and executed features. Create design docs, drawings, diagrams, flowcharts, and any other necessary documents to communicate design functionality and vision Build Blockchain mobile, PC & web games that the world loves to play. Be a constant student of evolving game dynamics, emerging player behavior and trends, and champion these insights to improve effectiveness of design efforts. 7+ years of Game Design experience in PC, Web & Mobile free-to-play games. Strong verbal and written communication skills and ability to organized game design workflow from initial concept to final release and post-release support. An ability to embrace an environment that iterates constantly. Capable of wrapping your head around the challenges and opportunities inherent in blockchain technology. Strong analytical abilities and able to synthesize game systems and mechanics to improve game features and systems. Strong exposure and confidence in identifying and analyzing KPIs then providing action items to ensure the sustainability of your game from a revenue and growth perspective. Experience with all aspects of game design discipline: concept, game progression, interface, monetization, and retention. Pride in creating a high-quality, addictive and social game feature-sets Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience with an emphasis on game design, economics, math, or psychology. Spreadsheet wizardry. Experience with Sport Games a plus. 
ScrapedJobID1383:
Work closely with the Art Director and all members of the art team Main responsibility for character animation Additionally responsible for creating innovative 3D game art assets, characters, locations and prop designs in a unique, stylized art style Collaboration with game designers, artists, programmers and QA specialists in the team to produce some kickass games! Several years of experience creating for casual and/or mobile games Extensive knowledge in Maya 3D with strong character animation skills Extensive knowledge of Adobe Suite (mainly Photoshop), After Effects is bonus Knowledge of Unity3D is a plus Knowledge in Zbrush 2D conceptual drawing and painting skills are a plus Ability of texturing Passionate for mobile games expressed by high creativity in designing and modelling Ability to animate 3D characters and particle FX Strong comprehension of design, perspective, color and composition Experience working in an agile project environment Proactive and able to express and share creative ideas Excellent communication and organizational skills Open-minded, flexible, self-motivated, driven to improve and grow Excellent English language skills Become part of the company which develops category-leading, casual games on mobile and social platforms Work in a highly creative environment with a super-flat hierarchy Work with a very experienced and talented group of artists and developers at our centrally located office. Experience start-up spirit and the ability to have significant impact At the same time, you will be able to plug into our capabilities as a fully-fledged video-game development studio. MegaZebra has a ten-year track-record developing and publishing our own games. So, you get the best of both worlds 
ScrapedJobID1384:
Oversee internal and external technical projects and dependencies for Halo Infinite : ensure contingency plans are in place, recommend solutions, validate plans and timelines, and understand the overall impact on stakeholders Take ownership of various sub-teams of Halo Infinite's engineering team and support them to deliver on key milestones Interact with and manage various key internal and external stakeholder groups, using expert communication skills to foster strong and collaborative relationships Participate in high level planning with project managers and technical directors, while contributing regular updates on engineering efforts of key sub-teams Provide career management to your team through annual performance reviews, ongoing mentorship and feedback, and regular 1-on-1s Support the team directly by providing hands-on coding solutions to help solve complex problems or blockers when needed Be an active participant and driver of SkyBox culture of learning, development, and collaboration 10+ years of professional software engineering experience in the games industry At least 2 years' experience in a leadership role driving technical road maps and managing high performing engineering teams Experience shipping multiple game titles on PC and/or console Extensive experience programming in C++ Strong stakeholder management skills and experience communicating with technical and non-technical teams Experience providing career management to software engineers, with strong leadership skills and a desire to teach and mentor others Driven and self-motivated to produce results and lead technical initiatives Familiarity leading a team in the early stages of a growing project 
ScrapedJobID1385:
Work with the Creative Director and Art Director to adapt aesthetic concepts to real 3D game assets Create a variety of high quality, game-ready 3D models and shaders, including characters, vehicles, and props Define a standard for art assets and support the integration and feedback of outsourced art Collaborate with other team members to ensure art is integrated seamlessly with other facets of the game 5 years experience or at least one shipped title as a 3D Artist Experience creating high-quality models and shaders for Unreal Engine Broad 3D art skills, including photogrammetry, retopology, UV unwrapping, shader editors Able to create a variety of art at high quality, including characters, environmental objects, vehicles, and props Self-motivated and able to collaborate well with team members of all development disciplines 
ScrapedJobID1386:
Set up specific environments and tools for localization Development of tools for production Identify and extract localizable content from complex formats Convert final translated assets back to original formats Automate asset transfer from and to customers portals Troubleshooting issues coming from production, originating from translation process Contribute actively to the design, development and deployment of new production processes Customize localization workflows and facilitate integration of localization tools with different source content repositories Review and anticipate potential globalization issues for new features, locales and technology Analysis of web sites and applications for localization potential and time/material requirements Ensure compliance with clients requirements and integrity of data Provide support to operations and sales management Work with other developers and engineers to implement technical solutions for end-to-end localization processes Review business requirements and identify technical design that is required to meet the business needs University degree in computer science or equivalent background At least 2 to 3 years experience in software development Knowledge of programming languages (VB, VBA, C#, Java), scripting (Python, Perl, JavaScript) and markup languages (XML, HTML, XLIFF); confidence with API programming Experience writing SQL queries is a plus Advanced knowledge of regular expressions and text manipulation Excellent knowledge of most important CAT tools on the market (memoQ, XTM, Memsource, Wordbee, etc.) Advanced knowledge of internationalization good practices and experience with internationalization of web and mobile applications Knowledge of multilingual localization issues and procedures (managing characters set and encoding, text direction, text strings sorting and handling) Knowledge of Machine Translation technology is a plus Able to communicate effectively with stakeholders who have varying levels of technical expertise Fluent in English and French Passion for global solutions, international customers, and teamwork Focus on automation Good problem-solving skills combined with strong analytical abilities to find creative solutions Team player Strong time management, organizational and support skills Strongly service oriented, to efficiently support internal and external customers 
ScrapedJobID1387:
Baccalauréat en informatique ou dans un domaine technique associé 10+ années d’expérience en C++ 10+ années d’expérience en développement de systèmes et de fonctionnalités pour des jeux AAA 5+ années d’expérience en développement de systèmes et de fonctionnalités backend pour des jeux AAA Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related technical field 10+ years of experience in C++ 10+ years of experience in development for AAA video games 5+ years of experience developing backend features for AAA video games Créer les principaux systèmes et fonctionnalités backend du jeu Mettre en place des systèmes qui serviront de base pour les autres développeuses·eurs Collaborer avec vos pairs pour assurer la fiabilité, les performances et la maintenabilité du jeu Contribuer à la conception du jeu ainsi qu’à la vision technique Implement the main backend systems and features of the game Build systems that will serve as a base for other developers Work with your peers to ensure reliability, performance and sustainability of the game features Contribute to the technical and game vision 2+ années d’expérience en développement backend pour des jeux AAA dans un environnement live Expérience avec AWS Expérience avec Unreal 4 ou moteur similaire Bonne maitrise du français ou de l’anglais 2+ years of experience developing backend features for a AAA game in a live environment Experience with AWS Experience with Unreal 4 or similar game engine Good working knowledge of French or English 
ScrapedJobID1388:
Uses particle systems to create, design, and troubleshoot the FX in Unreal (such as fireball burning, explosion after the fireball falls on the ground etc.) Helps the art team optimize FX for Unreal Creates procedural tools and workflows using Blueprints and Python Explores new workflows and technologies to enhance results Helps team debug issues and learn new methods of problem-solving Other related tasks assigned by the team Minimum one (1) year of Unreal experience building, debugging and supporting complex setups in Unreal Minimum one (1) years of experience in scripted tools development Creative ability and artistic talent, demonstrated by previous work Exceptional technical skills, the ability to learn new software quickly, and a keenness to stay on the leading edge Strong willingness to grow, learn new methods and share knowledge with others Ability to work and solve technical issues independently Ability to take direction positively, work well within a team, and thrive under the pressure of tight deadlines Excellent communication skills and an open mind Team player able to work in a collaborative and fast-paced environment Strong troubleshooting skills and ability to figure out solutions on your own Unreal 3ds Max Maya Python Comprehensive benefits after 3 months include extended health, dental, vision & prescription coverage. Paid Vacation + paid Sick days: 18 days(accumulated and based on percentage earning) Active Living Benefits (such as Fitness Memberships, Registration fees for team sports reimbursement) after 3 months Training and development fee reimbursement after 3 months Dependent Child Benefit Paid Holiday Closure between Christmas & New Year week Statutory paid holidays RRSP matching after 1 year Monthly Commute Allowance after 3 months Monthly Team lunch On-site car and Bike Parking Work hours: 10 am to 6 pm with 1 hour paid lunch. Foosball & Pool Tables on site Gym on site Dress code: Casual Child Gift Lots of snacks, drinks available Random extra Bonus/Gifts Referral Bonus 
ScrapedJobID1389:
Build an inspiring game vision and help champion that vision to other team members. Design, implement, tune, and balance game systems, economies, and progression. Solve game design problems that are worth solving; synthesize Game Mechanics, Theme, Monetization Strategies, and Social Features into an integrated product. Foster creative and scalable design solutions, improving the quality of the product and efficiency of the team. Work collaboratively with Producers, Designers, Product Managers, Engineers, Analysts, and cross-functional teams to facilitate well planned and executed features. Create design docs, drawings, diagrams, flowcharts, and any other necessary documents to communicate design functionality and vision Build Blockchain mobile, PC & web games that the world loves to play. Be a constant student of evolving game dynamics, emerging player behavior and trends, and champion these insights to improve effectiveness of design efforts. 7+ years of Game Design experience in PC, Web & Mobile free-to-play games. Strong verbal and written communication skills and ability to organized game design workflow from initial concept to final release and post-release support. An ability to embrace an environment that iterates constantly. Capable of wrapping your head around the challenges and opportunities inherent in blockchain technology. Strong analytical abilities and able to synthesize game systems and mechanics to improve game features and systems. Strong exposure and confidence in identifying and analyzing KPIs then providing action items to ensure the sustainability of your game from a revenue and growth perspective. Experience with all aspects of game design discipline: concept, game progression, interface, monetization, and retention. Pride in creating a high-quality, addictive and social game feature-sets Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience with an emphasis on game design, economics, math, or psychology. Spreadsheet wizardry. Experience with Sport Games a plus. 
ScrapedJobID1390:
Building tools and services, contributing to our PaaS compute options (Kubernetes, Chef & VM, Serverless). Making access to AWS/GCP services simple and effective. Ensure service scalability through effective code and data storage design. Build prototypes and proof-of-concepts as part of coming up with strong direction for a scalable, fault-tolerant infrastructure. Design, implement, test, and maintain scalable services that are capable of handling real-time and batch processing of thousands of requests. Experience with building backend for large scale applications using Node.js, Python and/or Golang. Experience with designing and developing REST APIs, authentication and securing APIs, asynchronous programming, databases and realtime mobile backends. Deploying and maintaining scalable applications on a cloud platform (AWS/Google Cloud Platform). Experience with DevOps standard methodologies and technologies including but not limited to Kubernetes, Docker and other CI/CD tools. Experience crafting web servers, CDNs and caching solutions with expertise in building micro services. Experience with C#, Unity's engine and related tools. Experience working with AWS, specifically S3, DynamoDB and ECS Master's degree in Computer Science, or equivalent engineering experience. 
ScrapedJobID1391:
Design innovative and engaging digital experiences for web, mobile, tablet, and smart device technology. Create high-fidelity design artifacts such as annotated wireframes, visual design comps, storyboards, and interactive prototypes as necessary to communicate your designs to users, stakeholders, and teammates. Lead UX design activities on digital product development teams. Use UX research techniques, including interviews, surveys, task/workflow analysis, focus group sessions, or diary studies to drive your designs. Mentor and share knowledge with others to help sustain a user-centered, design thinking culture within Digital Studio and Online. Minimum of 2 years’ experience as a UX designer on a product development team. Proficiency in design tools such as Sketch / Figma, InVision Studio, Adobe Creative Suite and Axure. Proficiency in UX disciplines, such as interaction design, information architecture, visual design, user research, and front-end development. Familiarity with standards-compliant web and mobile design patterns. Ability to communicate UX principles, goals, and design processes to clients and team members. Related degree or diploma, such as design, HCI, interaction design, psychology, human factors, or computer science. Professional Development budget and days Interest-free tech-enablement loans A Career Mentor to support your growth and development RRSP/401K matches Bonus programs Wellness program 
ScrapedJobID1392:
Participer à la conception, au développement et au déploiement du site internet d'Audiokinetic et du Wwise Launcher. Améliorer les performances des applications. Consolider les tests automatisés. Prendre part au support des systèmes en production. Au moins sept (7) ans d'expérience en développement web. ReactJS n'a plus de secret pour vous. Vous avez de solides connaissances en technologies frontaux (front-end). Joueur.euse d'équipe, vous êtes à l'aise avec les processus de co-création Vous êtes toujours en quête de nouveauté et adorez apprendre des autres. Vous vous exprimez parfaitement à l'oral et à l'écrit en français comme en anglais. Get involved in the conception, development and deployment of the Audiokinetic website and Wwise Launcher. Improve application performances. Strengthen automated tests. Participate in production systems maintenance and support. At least seven (7) years of experience as a web developer. ReactJS no longer has secrets for you. You have strong knowledge of front-end technologies. Great team player, you are comfortable with co-creation processes. Lifelong learner, you are constantly teaching yourself new things and you love learning from others. Excellent written and verbal communication skills in French and English. 
ScrapedJobID1393:
What we’d like: Proficient in JavaScript frameworks, e.g., React, Angular, Vue.js. 5+ years of experience in Java Framework Must have experience with Azure and/or AWS Experience in web application frameworks. Experience in web services. Experience working in both Agile and Waterfall environments. Knowledge of SOLID design principles. Experience with unit tests and mocking frameworks. Understanding of database technologies and performance tuning. Professional Development budget and days Interest-free tech-enablement loans A Career Mentor to support your growth and development RRSP/401K matches Bonus programs Wellness program 
ScrapedJobID1394:

ScrapedJobID1395:
Développer, améliorer et maintenir les fonctionnalités principales en utilisant React; Comprendre le contexte commercial et les scénarios d’utilisation par les clients; Collaborer directement avec les parties prenantes pour créer des expériences utilisateur plaisantes; Veiller au respect des politiques et des pratiques de sécurité, conformément aux autorités de contrôle internes et externes; Agir à titre de conseiller ou de guide auprès des nouveaux intégrateurs Web ou des moins expérimentés; Capacité à fonctionner de façon autonome, même si une certaine supervision et des instructions peuvent être requises. Expérience de cinq ans et plus concernant des bibliothèques telles que React, HTML et CSS; Expérience en matière de conception et de développement de produits; Expérience concernant les outils de prototypage (Fima, Sketch, etc.); Maîtrise de Node.js; Maîtrise d’AWS comme plateforme infonuagique; Expérience avec CI/CD; Expérience pour transposer les exigences en solutions à l’aide d’une documentation technique détaillée; Aisance en anglais. Maîtrise de SQL; Expérience concernant le service de base de données DynamoDB; SonarQube. Excellentes compétences pour communiquer, à l’écrit et à l’oral, avec les individus et les équipes, et ce, à tous les échelons de l’entreprise; Grande habileté à gérer son temps, le stress et à s’organiser; Souci du détail, mais capacité à comprendre la situation dans son ensemble; Capacité à analyser et à documenter des processus commerciaux complexes; Expérience quant à la communication avec des utilisateurs professionnels; Bonnes aptitudes pour la gestion de projet; Orientation confirmée pour le service à la clientèle; Capacité avérée à résoudre des problèmes et à apporter des solutions à des questions liées aux affaires ou aux données. Develop, enhance, and maintain core features using React Understand the business context and the associated customer use cases Collaborate directly with stakeholders to build delightful user experiences Ensure compliance with security policies and practices in accordance with internal and external audit governing bodies Serve as advisor or coach to new or less experienced front-end developers Expected to operate with autonomy, while some oversight and direction may be required 5+ years’ experience with React, HTML and CSS Experience with design and product development Proficiency with Node.js Proficiency with AWS as cloud platform Experience with CI/CD Experience in translating requirements with solutions using Detailed Technical documentation Fluency in English. Proficiency with SQL Experience with DynamoDB SonarQube Excellent written and oral communication skills with individuals and teams at all levels of the organization. Excellent time and stress management and organizational skills. Detail oriented but able to understand the big picture Ability to analyze and document complex business processes Experience communicating with business users Good project management skills. Strong customer service orientation Demonstrated ability to problem solve and provide solutions for business or data issues 
ScrapedJobID1396:
Python to build the backend of GridOS. React JavaScript on the front end of GridOS. Docker for containerization and deployment. Gitlab for repository management. Ansible to deploy environment configurations. Terraform to provision new environments. Develop new user-facing features and refactor and enhance existing features Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs Optimize applications for maximum speed and scalability and build reusable code and libraries Assure that all user input is validated before submitting to back-end services Support testing processes, troubleshoot and resolve issues. Work in an Agile/SCRUM team setting including cross-functional structures and varying levels of management. The education. You have a degree in Computer Science or equivalent. The experience. You have 3+ years experience developing large, stateful, component-based web applications using modern JavaScript frameworks (i.e. React, Angular, AngularJS, Vue, etc.) Since we use React, you must have a thorough understanding of React.js and its core principles. You’re familiar with version control systems and automated testing frameworks. The technical expertise. Your programming skills are strong and you can quickly learn new technologies. You have good understanding of web markup, including HTML5 and CSS3 and familiar with CSS preprocessors such as Sass, front-end build tools, such as Webpack, Grunt, and/or Gulp.js and with JavaScript module loaders, such as Require.js and AMD. You are also proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around such issues and browser rendering behaviour and performance. The communication. You have great communication skills that help you build positive relationships with your teammates. 
ScrapedJobID1397:
Baccalauréat en informatique ou dans un domaine technique associé 5+ années d’expérience en Python, C# or C++ 5+ années d’expérience en développement des pipelines de configuration, de version et d'automatisation Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related technical field 5+ years of experience using Python, C# or C++ 5+ years of experience developing build, release and automation pipelines for video games S'approprier les pipelines de configuration, de version et d'automatisation. Rechercher, intégrer et développer des technologies qui supportent l'innovation et améliorent la fiabilité, la performance et la productivité Contribuer à la vision technologique du projet Take ownership of build, release and automation pipelines Investigate, integrate, and develop technologies bringing innovation and improving reliability, performance and productivity Contribute to the technical vision of the project Expérience avec Unreal 4 ou moteur similaire Expérience avec infrastructure d'automatisation Expérience with DevOps Bonne maîtrise du français et de l’anglais Experience with Unreal 4 or similar game engine Experience with automation infrastructure Experience with DevOps Good working knowledge of French and English 
ScrapedJobID1398:
Project manage strategic initiatives to deliver high impact business results The ad operations prime on cross-platform integration of Digital ad products ensuring proper implementation of ad-related tools (ex: DFP, Permutive, Moat, etc.) Identify opportunities to exhibit thought leadership to create or revise tools and processes within the team that will garner better results (for both user experience and/or revenue) Drive resolution of ad-related technical issues Investigate new ad technologies and Ad Network enhancements (targeting options, cost reduction etc). Develop new products and provide creative ideas to improve our business and lead the industry in digital advertising best practices Enforce standard policies and procedures to maintain quality standards and improve customer satisfaction with Bell Media’s products and services 3+ years related experience in Ad Trafficking on Direct & Programmatic or Technical Account Management preferably within digital ads industry Strong working knowledge of one or more Ad Management Systems (Examples: Google Ad Products, FreeWheel, Cadent, Triton TAP, AdsWizz, etc) Experience with online advertising technologies (HTML5, Streaming video/audio, DAI, Pre-Bid, VAST, VPAID, VMAP) Experience with implementation of Ad product SDKs and DAI integration Working knowledge of web tools: Charles Proxy, Fiddler, developer tools, etc. Experience with troubleshooting digital platforms Web development skills an asset (ex: HTML5, JavaScript, CSS) Knowledge of IAB ad formats and emerging online trends (Examples: viewability, device identifiers, ad blocking, fraud) Understanding of and ability to troubleshoot 3rd Party vedors including dv360, appnexxus, eyeReturn, sizmek, etc Comprehensive understanding of campaign success and reporting metrics: conversions, CPM's, CPC's and CPA's Experience with online video players (ex JW Player, Brightcove, Adobe, etc) and CMS systems, an asset Understanding of the programmatic advertising landscape, and the relationship between DSPs, SSPs, and DMPs Familiar with auction based bidding fundamentals (Deal IDs, Auction Types, Open vs. Private Marketplaces) and programmatic metrics (Winning Bid Price, Bid rate, eCPM, Closing Price, etc) 
ScrapedJobID1399:
You have to be extremely creative and enjoy inventing new ideas for art and developing a wide range of highly creative characters, creatures, icons and environment art. Hands-on experience in conceptualising an original idea from storyboard to final design. Proficient in illustration and composition skills. Strong understanding of colors, anatomy, perspective and layout design. Possess knowledge related to lighting Matte Painting Ability to work in a highly collaborative environment with other artists and designers. Knowledge of 2D and 3D content creation programs. Specifically Adobe creative suite. Must have artistic skills to use drawing, illustration, modeling, and animation skills to create art. You have the ability to rapidly produce concept mockups to flush out the brand vision, for input from the team and approval from the marketing team lead. Extensive experience in coming up with brand logos, icons, store listing assets as well as video advertisements. You have a growth mindset, and are committed to achieving that ‘next level’ in everything you do Bonus: you’ve worked in the mobile gaming industry Create industry-leading marketing materials and assets. Support in textures and matte paintings for in-game use on characters, environments and user interface creations. Performing tasks related to integrating imagery into shots, preserving a unified sense of lighting, perspective, and color Painting photo-real environments, elements and textures for matching into live-action plates or to stand on their own as plates. Improved conversion rates of paid ad creatives, and app store listing pages (impressions to downloads) Increased volume in downloads/ideal customers from top markets to be in top 10% of the market Team harmony through clear communication and leadership Frequent experiments with clear progress and reported insights/learnings Training & Development - attend conferences and continue your path of professional and personal development Performance Bonus Program Getting to work from home alongside a global team of passionate people living all over the world 
ScrapedJobID1400:
Analyzing, debugging, and improving existing tools, plugins, and testing frameworks Defining needs and building new tools and optimizing existing ones Helping solving technical challenges by maintaining regular communication with the content teams (Artist, Level Designers) Testing, debugging, profiling, and optimizing tools implementations Creating and maintaining high-quality documentation Actively attending to code review At least 3 years of professional software development experience or production of games for consoles or PC Skills in writing UIs with a toolkit such as wxWidgets, WPF, QT, Slate, Windows Forms Great skills in C/C++/C# Ability to write solid, reliable, efficient code Being able to work efficiently under tight deadlines Strong verbal and written communication skills in English Open-minded team player attitude Strong work ethic and self-motivated Passionate about playing and making video games
Nice to have Experience in game dev Familiarity with Unreal engine Shipped at least 1 AAA title BS (or higher) in Computer Science or similar discipline (Physics, Math, EE, etc.) Competitive salary Personal development opportunities and the possibility to work in a multicultural environment Working with highly-skilled, senior-level professionals Being part of a young organization and having a true impact on your daily work Opportunity to work on innovative, exciting AAA projects with the newest technologies An informal atmosphere, no dress code, no unwanted formalities 
ScrapedJobID1401:
Partner with product and publishing teams in the creation, tracking and exploration of KPIs that monitor the performance of supported projects. Use a hypothesis-driven approach to design and construct exploratory analysis. Develop dashboards and visualizations to track these core Indicators across a variety of games and products. Own data acquisition and reporting pipelines. Work with the Data Engineering team to develop ETL solutions and ensure data integrity. Support remote game teams with reporting and data validation. Develop complex SQL queries to ask questions of large/complex datasets. Partner with the Marketing, Publishing, Development, Legal, and Finance teams. 4+ years performing analysis, providing insights and constructing visualizations. Game analytics experience, mobile app development or related consumer product experience. B.S. or M.S. in Economics, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, or similar. Experience performing root-cause analysis on all data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement. Experience performing A/B testing. Experience communicating complex quantitative concepts and solutions to stakeholders and partners Advanced SQL skills. Expertise in data visualization/BI tools (MixPanel, Google Data Studio, Tableau, etc). Able to partner with cross-functional (product, marketing, development) teams to understand their needs and priorities with multiple perspectives to guide product performance improvement. Solid communication skills with the ability to interact at all levels of management. 
ScrapedJobID1402:
Develop new tools, API's and implement protocols Analyze and resolve technical and application problems Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements, development of user stories, estimates, and work plans Collaborate with the team lead and other software developers to plan, design, develop, test, and maintain solutions based on the Unity editor and services Participate in peer-reviews of solution designs and related code Knowledge of Web technologies (Javascript, React, client/server architecture). Proficiency developing with C# and/or C++ Problem solver with a natural investigative ability to seek the best solution, not the fastest Ability to work on multiple complex projects simultaneously and independently as required A passion for crafting usable, polished and enjoyable user experience Experience with the Unity platform Experience with real-time multithreaded software development Experience with AR/VR and 3D softwares Développer de nouveaux outils, des API, et implémenter les protocoles Analyser et résoudre des problèmes techniques et d'application Aider à recueillir et à documenter les exigences des utilisateurs, le développement des récits utilisateurs, les devis et les plans de travail Collaborer avec le chef d'équipe et d'autres développeurs de logiciels afin de planifier, de concevoir, d'élaborer, de tester et de maintenir des solutions fondées sur l'éditeur Prendre part à des évaluations par les pairs de conceptions de solutions et des codes correspondants Connaissance des technologies web (Javascript, React, serveur client-architecture) Maîtrise du développement en C# et/ou C++ Aptitude à travailler sur de multiples projets indépendamment et en parallèle selon les besoins Passion pour la création d'expériences utilisateurs accessibles, impeccables et agréables Compréhension en profondeur de la conception de code et capacité d'en discuter avec aisance Expérience avec la plateforme Unity Expérience en conception de logiciels en temps réel à plusieurs branches Expérience en réalité virtuelle/réalité augmentée (AR/VR), et les projets 3D 
ScrapedJobID1403:
Work in an Agile (Scrum/Kanban) environment and be involved in all technical activities within the team such as estimation, sprint planning, software development life cycle activities, code reviews, research, and documentation. Participate in a cross-functional team tackling exciting new features, challenging bugs, and performance issues. Contribute as a full-stack developer, working closely with our back-end and front-end stacks. Ensure software deliverables align with the technical architecture, development standards, and quality practices. Assist in building and executing unit tests. Develop well documented, intent-revealing code. Assist in monitoring the team’s code in a live environment. Participate in a learning environment through collaboration, knowledge sharing, and leadership. Work within your agile team to gather production metrics and stakeholder feedback using them to iterate and grow your team’s projects. A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering equivalent professional experience is required. Minimum 10 years of software development work experience. Familiarity of Agile (Scum/Kanban) practices and concepts Familiarity with HTML/JavaScript, TypeScript, React (or other modern front-end frameworks). Strong knowledge of C# (or Java and interest in learning C#), Web API, REST, Micro Services Strong Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) skills. Experience with Object Relational Mappers such as Entity Framework or Dapper Extensive experience with writing RESTful APIs and web development best practices. Must be able to write clean, well-factored code based on S.O.L.I.D. principles. Experience in writing, analyzing, and tuning well-performing TSQL queries. Experience with Test Driven Development is an asset. Self-motivated and driven to meet long-term goals. Ability to independently manage time to meet project deadlines. Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work collaboratively with other team members. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Can operate under tight deadlines. Understanding Object-Relational Mappers such as Entity Framework. General cloud-computing concepts (AWS). Experience with microservice architectures. Absorb LMS, C#, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript, React, ASP.NET/Web API, SQL Server Work-life balance. Paid vacation. RRSP matching. Employer-paid benefits: health, dental, and vision. Professional development plans. Career progression/internal mobility opportunities. Inclusive work environment. Casual dress code. Volunteering opportunities. Company/team building events. Games room, meditation & yoga space, state-of-the-art workplace. This position is eligible for participation in Absorb’s bonus program as outlined in Absorb’s Bonus Program Policy. The successful candidate may be located remotely in Canada. In the event a current Absorb employee would like to apply for this role they will inform their supervisor prior to submitting their application. This position will be subject to pre-employment background screening, including a criminal record check. The successful candidate must be able to show proof of legal eligibility to work in Canada and/or the USA without sponsorship. Incomplete online applications will not be considered. Please note, this posting will close when a suitable candidate has been identified. 
ScrapedJobID1404:
Discover and negotiate with and sign top-ranked social media influencers for mobile game licensing opportunities. Generate potential new game opportunities through finding existing third party games that pair well with specific creators. Maintain clear and accurate pipelines for both top-ranked social media influencers and high quality developers. Collaborate with the Director of Interactive to create great matches of influencer IP’s to game proven game designs based on understanding the value of each property, demographics and target KPIs. Lead negotiations on deal terms and game scope. Collaborate with the Development Director to develop and communicate a clear vision for each new incarnation of a game, obtaining buy-in from both the developer and IP holder. Create pitch decks to clearly communicate that vision is a compelling way. Create a financial model for each partnership to ensure that the projected revenue is likely to satisfy all parties. Minimum 2 years experience working in the mobile games industry, preferably in a biz dev, marketing or production role. A charismatic self-starter with a positive attitude and a desire to drive initiatives across the finish line. The impeccable written and verbal communication skills and tact required to keep celebrities excited about and engaged with a project. Excellent organizational skills paired with strong attention to detail and the ability to multitask. A proven track record of communicating effectively with stakeholders at all levels. Resourceful in making decisions in a timely manner, able to empower our team and partners to solve problems quickly. Comfortable with term sheets and legal agreements. 
ScrapedJobID1405:
Project manage Digital Monetization initiatives with a focus on Order Management System (OMS) integration with Bell Media advertising tech stack and feature requests for future optimal state. Work with Business Operations to align OMS stakeholders in Digital Sales, Monetization, Billing, Finance & IT teams and prioritize and maintain system roadmap Liaise with partners in Digital Product & Development to build business requirements and success criteria to maximize revenue around ad innovation and product development Collaborate with Technical Account Management team to schedule quality assurance to ensure monetization requirements are met Work with Digital Sales, Inventory, Revenue Management, Business Operations, and Programmatic teams to define and execute go-to-market strategies Present ad innovation products and processes to Digital Sales Teams. Provide campaign support as needed. Monitor success of product launches by regularly reporting on KPIs and gathering buyer feedback for ongoing product improvements Develop and manage business relationships with various vendors Participate in IAB or other industry committees or events to stay abreast on latest digital trends 3+ years related experience in Ad Operations, Technical Account Management, Programmatic, Project Management, or Product Management preferably within Digital Media industry University degree or equivalent in business administration, technology, or marketing with a strong technical and analytical background Knowledge of digital ad technology: OMS, ad servers (GAM, FreeWheel, Cadent), DSPs, SSPs, and DMPs, Knowledge of IAB ad formats and emerging digital trends Comprehensive understanding of campaign success and reporting metrics including viewability Proactive with demonstrated ability to deliver results in a fast-paced, goal-driven environment Proven ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously without compromising quality Works well independently or with a team Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong organizational skills with attention to detail Proficient with Microsoft Office, PowerPoint, and Excel applications Experience with web tools (Charles, Fiddler, Google Developer Tools), JIRA and Confluence Bilingualism is an asset (English and French) 
ScrapedJobID1406:

ScrapedJobID1407:
Work with artists and designers to create an immersive and compelling world and environment Work with existing in-game and in-library assets and create new high quality 3D environment assets Collaborate with designers to improve world layouts Optimize assets to ensure performance goals are met Recommend new techniques, tools and workflows to improve quality and efficiency At least 5 years’ + experience in game development as an artist creating high quality environment assets for games Experience working on PC/console games is a preferred Experience working on world layouts, hard services and props Proficient in Maya, Photoshop and ZBrush. 3Ds Max is a plus. Solid technical skills with knowledge of game engines and how to export assets Optimization experience Strong written and verbal communication skills Ability to receive and deliver effective feedback Ability to work collaboratively within a multidisciplinary team A portfolio and/or reel demonstrating relevant art skills is required in order to be considered for this position. 
ScrapedJobID1408:
Develop server objects and supporting interfaces in clean and efficient manner. Review and debug code. Perform unit testing of the developed code and assist QA in integration testing. Document the implementation details of developed solutions. Participate in investigation of production incidents. Provide estimates of own tasks. Timely report to immediate superior of all problems, incidents, or potential deadline misses. Take the responsibility for the full production cycle of the assigned tasks. Working knowledge of C++, STL, and development environment. Working knowledge of SQL. Working knowledge of basic algorithms and data structures. 3+ years of working experience in a software development company. Excellent written and verbal skills. BSc/BA in Computer Science or a related degree. Health and dental insurance for you and your dependents The option to join our company pension scheme In-house training and development to develop your skills, progressing your career Paid for lunches, as well as fresh fruit, snacks and drinks around the office Regular on-site yoga sessions 
ScrapedJobID1409:
Work on a specific problem space critical to Klarna’s current needs with growth opportunities in a fast-paced business. Bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, large-scale system design, data storage/processing, security, artificial intelligence, UI design and mobile development. Develop as a professional in an entrepreneurial organisation that provides opportunity to work with your areas of interest. Use state of the art technology to solve real problems for our customers at a massive scale. Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve, you are responsible for the full life-cycle of your code - you write it, you own it. Share your knowledge and help the team evolve best practices; be a mentor and mentee Work in small autonomous teams with short release cycles. Give back by contributing to open source: https://github.com/klarna Javascript React and React Native Redux Node.js and Express.js. AWS, Splunk, Ansible, Terraform, Jenkins, Docker and Kubernetes Software development experience in JavaScript Strong problem solving ability Growth mindset and bias for action Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English Bachelor’s degree (or higher) in Computer Science or a related discipline or professional working experience building software Culture - You'll have an opportunity to work in an international company with people from a variety of different countries in a central location. Learning - We have a learning and development focused environment with an emphasis on knowledge sharing, training, and regular internal technical talks. Compensation - You’ll get an attractive salary and compensation package. We recognise that life is more than work, and promote work life balance. How to apply: please send us your CV or LinkedIn profile in English. 
ScrapedJobID1410:
Développer un client frontend utilisant PHP MVC frameworks, CSS, JavaScript, MySQL et Redis incluant la gestion d’intégration avec d’autres applications Être capable d’intervenir de manière autonome sur les APIs backend Développement logiciel/programmation back-end et front-end Participer activement à l’analyse de la faisabilité technique et opérationnelle des projets Participer à toutes les phases opérationnelles des projets: architecture, développement, tests, déploiement et livraison Comprendre la technologie ‘’Docker’’ qui sera utilisée dès le début du développement jusqu’à la mise en production Comprendre la logique ‘’DevOps’’ et l’automatisation des processus de développement et de test Toute autre tâche connexe Au moins 3ans d’expérience en tant que développeur/développeuse PHP Fullstack Expertise avec MySQL et PHP Connaissance avancée de CSS, JS, HTML5 Capacité à gérer des projets de concept non-MVC (pur PHP) Avoir un esprit d’équipe Etre autonome et organisé.e Être débrouillard·e et avoir une excellente capacité de résolution de problème Faire preuve de rigueur, de gestion du temps et des demandes Excellentes aptitudes à la communication (la maîtrise du français et de l'anglais est un atout) Heures de travail flexibles Salaire de base très compétitif Politique de télétravail flexible Assurances collectives complètes offertes à 100% Jours de vacances et de maladie avantageuses dès le 1er jour Un environnement de travail stimulant, une ambiance décontractée ainsi qu’une salle à manger toute équipée avec café à volonté Une salle de sport et de jeux sur place Activités de groupe – barbecue, vendredi pizza, 5@7, billard, karting, etc. (hors pandémie) Develop a frontend client using PHP MVC frameworks, CSS, MySQL and Redis including integration management with other applications Being able to work independently on backend APIs Back-end and front-end software development/programming Actively participate in the analysis of the technical and operational feasibility of projects Participate in all operational phases of projects: architecture, development, testing, deployment and delivery Understand the Docker technology that will be used from the beginning of the development to the production Understand the ''DevOps'' logic and the automation of development and testing processes Any other related tasks At least 3 years as a Fullstack PHP developer Expertise in MySQL and PHP Advance knowledge of CSS, JS, HTML5 Ability to manage non-MVC concept projects (pure PHP) Team Spirit Autonomy and organization Be resourceful and have excellent problem-solving skills Demonstrate rigor and time management abilities Be result driven Have excellent communication skills (having both French & English is a plus) Flexible working hours Competitive salary Flexible work from home policy A flat hierarchy that fosters communication between everyone Work alongside an international team comprised of industry experts Full group insurance offered at 100% Advantageous vacation and sick days from day 1 A stimulating work environment, a relaxed atmosphere as well as a fully equipped dining room with unlimited coffee On-site gym, ping-pong table and games Many group activities: on-site barbecues, pizza days, 5@7, billiards, karting, etc. (Post pandemic) Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Événements d'Entreprise Gym sur place Horaires flexibles Stationnement sur place Tenue Décontractée Travail à Distance Du Lundi au Vendredi Montréal, QC: Faire le trajet sans problème ou prévoir un déménagement avant de prendre son poste (Souhaité) Français (Souhaité) Anglais (Souhaité) Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1411:
405 Av. Ogilvy, Montréal, QC H3N 1M3, Canada Employees can work remotely Full-time Department: Design Location: Canada / Montreal Project: Dagger Establish and maintain workflow for the UI/UX department. Provide day-to-day feedback and creative problem solving. Ensure that the work of the team follows the quality standards, artistic direction, and deadlines of the game. Collaborate with artists, designers, and other disciplines to create an excellent and coherent user experience. Act as the primary point person on all user interface related topics. Drive UI designs from the concept phase throughout the iteration process up to highly polished final asset while working with UI art and the art director. Assist the engineering team with the implementation UI elements by providing initial prototypes. Ensure that game information is well conveyed through the various user interfaces. Ensure consistency in the UI/UX design from menus to in-game elements. Collaborate with outside user testing and develop a positive feedback loop. Ensure accessibility features are helping our game be as inclusive as possible. Minimum 3 years of UI/UX experience. At least 1 shipped AAA project. Strong expertise in design fundamentals and UI/UX design trends. Mastery of UX interaction and design principles and deliverables including rapid prototyping, flow diagrams, wireframes, experience maps and annotated comps. Good knowledge of the pipeline for motion design, UI animation and VFX. Ability to illustrate ideas and advocate them within the team. Strong understanding of color theory and how color affects mood & focal points Technical knowledge of UE4 and UMG Traditional art skills along with graphic design competencies (composition, layout, typography, and color/tone) Competitive salary Personal development opportunities and the possibility to work in a multicultural environment Working with highly-skilled, senior-level professionals Being part of a young organization and having a true impact on your daily work Opportunity to work on innovative, exciting AAA projects with the newest technologies An informal atmosphere, no dress code, no unwanted formalities 
ScrapedJobID1412:
Identify new prospects and target accounts in partnership with internal BD and sales teams Work with internal partners to develop proposals, project budgets and move opportunities through our approval process Demonstrate ability to drive custom client solutions using both existing and developing technology Closely align with the business on customer strategy and vision in order to optimize our client relationships Drive opportunities from first contact with a client through to the successful delivery of projects to develop a successful ongoing relationship Relevant leadership experience in either professional services, product or custom software development, delivering high quality results History of success in business development roles with a strong professional network that can be maximized to build new opportunities Outstanding interpersonal, communication, problem solving, and organizational skills and desire to continuously learn and improve, and engage forward thinking clients No restrictions on traveling internationally Perfect English in written and verbal communication Deep knowledge or experience working within a specific vertical is a plus Hands-on experience developing technical/software solutions Public speaking and thought leadership skills 
ScrapedJobID1413:
Highly motivated and dynamic professionals Motivated designers with broad backgrounds and service mindset to be a consultant Professionals with ability to work both with in-house projects and on-site assignments at our customer’s locations You will lead multiple project teams to develop and deliver cutting-edge full stack mobile apps, web apps and embedded software You will be responsible to: Work with the business development team and technical leads to define scope, schedule and cost for new business opportunities Work with the client to define and meet expectations, for project scope, schedule and cost, throughout the project lifecycle. Lead and guide the project team to deliver the project, while following customer or Syntronic agile process Report concise project status to the client, senior management and other stakeholders Build and develop long term relationships with client stakeholders across multiple projects Identify, mitigate and manage project risks and issues, and escalate as needed Manage and review product development documentation Increase team effectiveness by measuring and improving processes and tools A bachelor’s or master’s degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or a related field 5+ years of software development experience 5+ years of scrum master or technical project lead experience working across functional teams Successful delivery of two or more products to market through full development lifecycle Experience motivating, mentoring and guiding a diverse development team, both virtually and face to face Solid oral and written communication skills Experience in reporting progress to stakeholders (clients, product owners, project leads etc.) in a concise manner Experience in defining requirements and estimating project scope Working knowledge of one or more SW development domains: full stack iOS or Android mobile apps, web apps, embedded SW, Cloud Working knowledge of UX design and experience interacting with UX design teams Git, Bitbucket, Jira, Confluence (Atlassian tool chain), Microsoft Teams and Office Self-organized and driven to help the team get organized and be more effective Experience in Business Analysis techniques for eliciting client requirements Contributing business and end user perspective to the project team Experience leading and coordinating rapid prototyping in a cross disciplinary team of developers and UX designers PMP or CSM certification Making the client’s and the team’s success your own success A friendly willingness to collaborate and play nice with others A passion for project-based work and staying on top of your technical game Drive and willingness to explore and master areas outside of your expertise Company Culture – outstanding people and a flexible work environment with lots of after work activities/groups! It’s so great, we even won an award for it! Work/Life Balance – 4 weeks holidays to start and work that stays at work! Career Growth Opportunities – being a design house keeps variety in your work. New opportunities happening all the time! Great Benefits – and, they start the same day you do… and, they include your family… and, the company matches your RRSP contributions! 
ScrapedJobID1414:
Help drive the design and implementation of new services for our platform Collaborate with multi-functional teams including Data and Customer Satisfaction Design and code products that are scalable, resilient, and fully tested Deliver a quality resulting in customer delight for your product(s) Demonstrated knowledge of modern server development, threading/concurrency, networking, automated testing in at scale Experience with development from the design stage to fielding and supporting code Proficiency in more than 1 mainstream programming language. Understanding of cloud data storage techniques and standard methodologies Willingness to guide and mentor other specialists as the team expands, someone who will set the bar on excellent delivery while solidly supporting the team Experience with Golang, Python, and/or Linux Deep knowledge building high-performance and high-availability distributed systems Experience in game development or social / communication services Help drive the design and implementation of new services for our platform Collaborate with multi-functional teams including Data and Customer Satisfaction Design and code products that are scalable, resilient, and fully tested Deliver a quality resulting in customer delight for your product(s) Demonstrated knowledge of modern server development, threading/concurrency, networking, automated testing in at scale Experience with development from the design stage to fielding and supporting code Proficiency in more than 1 mainstream programming language. Understanding of cloud data storage techniques and standard methodologies Willingness to guide and mentor other specialists as the team expands, someone who will set the bar on excellent delivery while solidly supporting the team Experience with Golang, Python, and/or Linux Deep knowledge building high-performance and high-availability distributed systems Experience in game development or social / communication services 
ScrapedJobID1415:
Expert in C++ and object-oriented programming with a strong 3D math background Minimum 7 years of software engineering experience Experience in programming movement, navigation, and decision-making AI Game designer's creativity Keen analytical mind Ability to write solid, reliable, efficient code Strong verbal and written communication skills in English High work ethic and self-motivation Passion for Games Excellent communication skills Unreal Engine 4 knowledge Shipped title experience Experience working on a mod/title on the Unreal Engine Performance and optimization skills BS (or higher) in Computer Science or similar discipline (Physics, Math, EE, etc.) Competitive salary Personal development opportunities and the possibility to work in a multicultural environment. Work with highly-skilled, senior-level professionals. Being part of a young organization and having a true impact on your daily work. Opportunity to work on innovative, exciting AAA projects with the newest technologies. An informal atmosphere, no dress code, no unwanted formalities 
ScrapedJobID1416:
Work closely with developers on the team to plan and deliver features.
Support the leads of major gameplay disciplines and their teams
Run team sprint planning sessions based off defined priorities
Coordinate cross discipline meetings and weekly syncs where needed
Remove blockers for features and team members
Work closely with lead producer to assist and provide feedback on high level plans and schedules.
Create and foster a positive team culture
1-2 years of experience working with multidiscipline teams in a production role.
You have excellent communication skills and can adapt your communication style for the team you are supporting.
You are comfortable working in modern project management methodologies (Agile, Scrum, Waterfall, Kanban, etc)
Creative and analytical with a keen eye for detail.
Proven experience identifying and tracking dependencies.
Games experience a strong plus. Work closely with developers on the team to plan and deliver features. Support the leads of major gameplay disciplines and their teams Run team sprint planning sessions based off defined priorities Coordinate cross discipline meetings and weekly syncs where needed Remove blockers for features and team members Work closely with lead producer to assist and provide feedback on high level plans and schedules. Create and foster a positive team culture 1-2 years of experience working with multidiscipline teams in a production role. You have excellent communication skills and can adapt your communication style for the team you are supporting. You are comfortable working in modern project management methodologies (Agile, Scrum, Waterfall, Kanban, etc) Creative and analytical with a keen eye for detail. Proven experience identifying and tracking dependencies. Games experience a strong plus. 
ScrapedJobID1417:
Build and maintain trusting and collaborative relationships with our co-development partners and interact with various key internal and external stakeholders Align with our partners on artistic direction to ensure high quality assets creation Work with art, production and technical leads to coordinate milestone schedules Anticipate and identify potential risks associated with meeting project deadlines, ensuring the appropriate steps are taken to resolve issues that may hinder progress or compromise project objectives Provide hands on solutions to help solve complex problems or blockers Evaluate and provide recommendations to improve processes, tools and workflows Create and manage team schedules and establish proper workflow among the art team Set out and assign tasks for the team and attend regular stand-ups Review the team’s work and provide clear and consistent feedback to ensure quality and alignment with project goals and artistic vision Provide career management to the art team through performance reviews, ongoing mentorship and feedback, and regular 1-on-1s 8+ years of experience in the games industry with a strong background in 3D character and/or environment art 5+ years of people management experience leading a team of artists, with a strong interest in mentorship and career development Experience shipping multiple game titles on PC and/or console Proven ability to provide artistic, technical and development feedback on a range of art assets Strong stakeholder management skills Strong attention to detail, organizational and time estimation skills Proactive with the ability to anticipate potential risks and issues and come up with appropriate solutions Able to take direction and receive feedback well Capable of managing competing priorities and working independently within established guidelines Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to lead, influence and motivate others Experience working with external development partners is a plus Experience working on AAA action/adventure titles Strong understanding of in-game visual production and processes 
ScrapedJobID1418:
Build, test, maintain the backend and frontend for our admin system Write effective APIsWrite effective unit and integration tests Write technical documentation Build the front-end of applications through visually appealing design Test system to ensure responsiveness and efficiency Work closely with business and product team to enhance UX Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade system whenever applicable Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field 2+ years of demonstrable experience with Scala or Java 2+ years of demonstrable experience with MySQL or any relational database 2+ years of demonstrable experience with React or AngularHands-on experience with UX/UI design Great attention to detail Flexibility to WFH For the third year in a row, we are proud to announce that we have been certified as a Great Place to Work We were also certified as one of the Best Workplaces for Mental Wellness in 2020 We are an open work environment that fosters collaboration, ownership, creativity, and urgency We ensure flexible hours outside of our core working hours Enrolment in the Group Health Benefits plan right from day 1, no waiting period Team building events Fuel for the day: Weekly delivery of groceries, and all types of snacks Catered lunches and desserts on a monthly basis Daily fun in the office with our competitive games of Ping Pong, Pool, Smash Bros competitions, or FIFA And of course, an unlimited amount of freshly made coffee and tea! We’re pretty serious about our coffee beans Online learning through the platform, UDEMY 
ScrapedJobID1419:
Collaborate with the Creative Director and Art Director to explore and establish the visual aesthetic of a new science-fiction IP, through sketches, concepts, and look development. Bring strong creative ideas and an ability to polish them to high quality, through sophisticated art techniques in lighting, composition, materials, and rendering methods. Participate in story, game, and design discussions, and help explore new ideas through sketching and rough concepts that quickly illustrate different possibilities. Create concepts for specific game needs as well as your own proactive ideas inspired by the theme of the IP
Seek and respond to feedback from other team members 3+ years experience in videogames, TV, or film A portfolio showcasing your experience with sci-fi concepts of characters, objects, and environments A passion for science-fiction and a talent for producing original creative ideas Ability to use 3D software as part of your workflow Self-motivated and able to collaborate well with team members of all development disciplines 
ScrapedJobID1420:
Using your extensive software engineering experience you’ll interface with customers to deliver bespoke solutions and successfully co-develop games using SpatialOS and our suite of tools. Work directly with our internal studios to drive development of our 1st party games using SpatialOS. Be a focal point for all in-depth technical problems across all external games studios, covering all areas of gameplay development, helping solve some of the hardest challenges within the industry. Working directly with our customers, you will establish technical requirements from creative or design-led pitches. You’ll build engine integration solutions and best practices to enable our partners to adopt our software successfully. You will become a master of SpatialOS engaging with multiple internal teams and a variety of customers, engines and technologies as we continue to grow. Demonstrable knowledge and passion for games and/or game development. Strong communication skills to effectively interact with external teams and stakeholders. Strong Software Engineering with flexibility in ambiguous environments Cloud computing Hunger to learn and improve. 
ScrapedJobID1421:
We develop animation technology, from performance capture through to a sophisticated runtime engine, for massive open world games. We are a global team of programmers and researchers who collaborate on pushing the boundaries of character animation on next generation hardware. We support and work closely with gameplay, animation, and technical art teams, across multiple projects at different Rockstar studios. Join our core animation technology team and work closely with performance capture, animation, rigging, technical art, and tools teams across different Rockstar studios. Develop, maintain, extend, and support new and existing libraries and DCC plugins exposing core animation and character technologies to a broader range of developers and artists. Implement well designed multi-language tools and DCC plugins improving technology availability across different content creation environments. Learn how to work with animation system features in a large, existing codebase. A degree in Computer Science or a related discipline, or equivalent industry experience. Experience developing tools and plugins for DCCs (e.g. Maya, Max, Motion Builder, Blender, Houdini etc) A passion for character-based games and for creating tools and DCC plugins that simplifies and speeds up content generation. Strong Python and C++ programming skills. Familiarity with networking (e.g. TCP/UDP sockets) or inter-process communication techniques. Good communication skills, ability to clearly share complex technical information with other programmers, animators and technical artists. Industry experience working on AAA character based games, or character based VFX animation. Experience creating Python bindings to C++ libraries. Strong 3D math skills. Experience animating or rigging (using skeletal bones or blend shapes) in Motion Builder, 3DS Max, Maya, Houdini, or Blender, etc. 
ScrapedJobID1422:
Position based in Halifax, Nova Scotia. Will consider remote. Study results of game usability tests and generate reports outlining player behavior Study live player data and work with game design team to reconcile design intent Work closely in support of Product Manager to generate ad hoc reports from player data or usability studies Segment players into useful actionable groups Fully engage in gameplay throughout the development process and provide context to data and reporting Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports Support the development of data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality Work independently to identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in data sets Filter and clean data as needed Work closely with management to prioritize business and information needs 5+ years of experience in game research and player data analysis Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques Strong knowledge of, and experience with, reporting packages (Tableau Software, Power BI etc…), and ability to query database and generate reports Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing large datasets Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings BS in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management, Behavioral Psychology or Statistics (or comparable) Proven ability to analyze player behavior within a live game Passion for playing and studying games Passion for data, trends and analysis Strong interpersonal skills; comfortable dealing with a wide range of people from executive management to offshore developers Excellent communication skills (verbal and written), ability to present complex technical information to non-technical business users Able to handle multiple tasks in a fast paced environment and adjust to frequent changes in requirements and deadlines Seasoned communicator that is comfortable on email, phone and IM, and has ability to effectively manage communication style up, across and down a management structure, within a diversely skilled organization in multiple locations Strong attention to detail, accuracy, accountability and deadlines, with excellent organizational, time-management, multi-tasking and project management capabilities Organized, reliable self-starter with strong creative thinking, analytical, problem-solving, decision-making and interpersonal skills Ability to work independently and collaboratively Ability to communicate reporting deliverables with both technical and non-technical internal stakeholders Has a positive attitude and thrives in fast-paced, interactive environment 
ScrapedJobID1423:
Create physically-based Materials/Textures for use with props, environments, and characters Assist in material library creation and maintaining material pipelines Collaborate with other artists to build and integrate assets into a visually consistent and highly immersive world Match established art styles while helping improve the visual direction Portfolio demonstrating a wide variety of materials using both procedural and 3d sculpted techniques. Portfolio demonstrating tiled textures and 0-1 UV mapped assets. Assets must show strong attention to detail focusing on believability and overall esthetic composition Solid understanding of PBR standards and surface/light interactions Strong foundation knowledge in traditional arts Experience creating 3D art for a game project or title Able to use 3D and/or procedural techniques to create high-quality materials within production timelines Strong knowledge of UE4 Strong knowledge of Maya and/or another 3D software package Strong knowledge of Zbrush modeling Solid understanding of color theory, and be able to create balanced and appealing color palettes Must be punctual, diligent, articulate, and organized A desire to work and support a diverse and inclusive environment Experience leading other artists Shipped 1+ AAA title as an environment artist Experience using proprietary editors, software, and tools 
ScrapedJobID1424:
As a key team member, you will help to scope, plan, and execute mobile application development. Collaborate with stakeholders and team members to iterate on solutions and to continually deliver value to our clients. Improve the application delivery process using automation and writing testable software. Contribute to solutions for new and interesting problems, which often involve spatiotemporal components. Participate in the product testing and peer review process. Develop yourself personally and professionally by actively setting and achieving ambitious goals. Impact Lim Geomatics' growth by developing great mobile applications and solutions. Comfortable with Agile development practices, working in small teams running modern dev ops. You have 4 or more years of mobile development experience. Cross-platform mobile development, C# and .NET knowledge, and Xamarin experience would be an asset. Experience with development environments on both Windows and MacOS. Experience with Esri technology and mapping solutions would be an asset. Experience with SQL and database technologies. Experience using peripheral sensors (GPS, Camera, Bluetooth, Motion) and their data would be an asset. Able to manage a workload that may touch on a few different applications any given week. You can independently research and implement solutions to complex problems. 
ScrapedJobID1425:
Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site parking RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday How many years experience do you have with C#? How many years experience do you have designing and implementing reliable, scalable software? Yes 
ScrapedJobID1426:
Contribute in the full lifecycle management of software development, including requirement gathering and analysis, design, task/issue management, implementation, release, and support. Write code! Become familiar with our tech-stack and develop code that produces highly usable, robust, and reliable solutions for our customers. Use industry standard practices and patterns such Micro Services and APIs to design and develop complex solutions Write automated unit and integration tests to validate the code is doing what it’s designed for and saving effort for subsequent manual testing. Improve our DevOps and CI/CD pipelines which support our Development and Quality Assurance teams. Research and integrate with COTS solutions, 3rd party software, legacy systems, and peripherals. Be part of a great team! Learn, share, and work with your colleagues to bring ideas forward – we want to hear them! Full stack development experience using one of more of our core technologies is an asset (Micro services, APIs, JavaScript, CSS, .Net C#, Redis, NodeJS, React, SQL) DevOps and Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery Designing/developing scalable solution for cloud and on-prem Documenting solutions using UML, OpenAPI and other standards (or the back of a napkin) Planning and tracking work items/sprints Self-directed learner, continuously learning new technology Attention to detail and quality A passion for helping people Expert organization skills Good judgement and dedication to providing a quality product The ability to obtain, and maintain, Government of Canada Level 1 (Reliability) clearance. 
ScrapedJobID1427:
Build an inspiring game vision and help champion that vision to other team members. Design, implement, tune, and balance game systems, economies, and progression. Solve game design problems that are worth solving; synthesize Game Mechanics, Theme, Monetization Strategies, and Social Features into an integrated product. Foster creative and scalable design solutions, improving the quality of the product and efficiency of the team. Work collaboratively with Producers, Designers, Product Managers, Engineers, Analysts, and cross-functional teams to facilitate well planned and executed features. Create design docs, drawings, diagrams, flowcharts, and any other necessary documents to communicate design functionality and vision Build Blockchain mobile, PC & web games that the world loves to play. Be a constant student of evolving game dynamics, emerging player behavior and trends, and champion these insights to improve effectiveness of design efforts. 7+ years of Game Design experience in PC, Web & Mobile free-to-play games. Strong verbal and written communication skills and ability to organized game design workflow from initial concept to final release and post-release support. An ability to embrace an environment that iterates constantly. Capable of wrapping your head around the challenges and opportunities inherent in blockchain technology. Strong analytical abilities and able to synthesize game systems and mechanics to improve game features and systems. Strong exposure and confidence in identifying and analyzing KPIs then providing action items to ensure the sustainability of your game from a revenue and growth perspective. Experience with all aspects of game design discipline: concept, game progression, interface, monetization, and retention. Pride in creating a high-quality, addictive and social game feature-sets Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience with an emphasis on game design, economics, math, or psychology. Spreadsheet wizardry. Experience with Sport Games a plus. 
ScrapedJobID1428:
Work closely with the Art Director and all members of the art team Main responsibility for character animation Additionally responsible for creating innovative 3D game art assets, characters, locations and prop designs in a unique, stylized art style Collaboration with game designers, artists, programmers and QA specialists in the team to produce some kickass games! Several years of experience creating for casual and/or mobile games Extensive knowledge in Maya 3D with strong character animation skills Extensive knowledge of Adobe Suite (mainly Photoshop), After Effects is bonus Knowledge of Unity3D is a plus Knowledge in Zbrush 2D conceptual drawing and painting skills are a plus Ability of texturing Passionate for mobile games expressed by high creativity in designing and modelling Ability to animate 3D characters and particle FX Strong comprehension of design, perspective, color and composition Experience working in an agile project environment Proactive and able to express and share creative ideas Excellent communication and organizational skills Open-minded, flexible, self-motivated, driven to improve and grow Excellent English language skills Become part of the company which develops category-leading, casual games on mobile and social platforms Work in a highly creative environment with a super-flat hierarchy Work with a very experienced and talented group of artists and developers at our centrally located office. Experience start-up spirit and the ability to have significant impact At the same time, you will be able to plug into our capabilities as a fully-fledged video-game development studio. MegaZebra has a ten-year track-record developing and publishing our own games. So, you get the best of both worlds 
ScrapedJobID1429:
Concevoir, construire et adapter les systèmes économiques de base pour un jeu AAA multiplateforme. Coordonner avec les concepteurs principaux et le directeur créatif pour s'assurer que les systèmes économiques atteignent leurs objectifs et soient livrés aux joueurs dans un état complet, soigné et amusant Collaborer avec le gestionnaire de produits pour créer et mettre en œuvre des systèmes économiques à l'appui des indicateurs clés de performance et des besoins de monétisation Travailler dans des équipes multidisciplinaires avec des programmeurs, des artistes et d'autres concepteurs pour coordonner le développement de systèmes et résoudre des problèmes Guider le développement d'outils et de processus internes pour assurer une création de contenu rapide et une réduction des bugs Coordonner les tests des systèmes avec l'Assurance Qualité et les outils automatisés pour assurer une qualité constante du produit Plus de 3 projets AAA livrés jusqu'à leur terme dans un rôle de conception, un rôle de direction est un plus. La connaissance d'Unreal Engine 4 est préférable Doit posséder des compétences en mathématiques, y compris les mathématiques vectorielles, la capacité de développer des courbes de croissance, des systèmes de rendement décroissant. Être à l'aise en présentation (interne ou externes) Design, build, and iterate core economic systems for a multi-platform AAA FPS Coordinate with the Lead Design roles, the Creative Director to make sure economic systems are meeting their goals and delivered to players in a complete, polished, and fun state Collaborate with Product Management to create and implement economic systems in support of KPIs and monetization needs Work in multidisciplinary teams with coders, artists, and other designers to coordinate development of systems and solve problems Guide the development of internal tools and processes to ensure rapid content creation and less bugs Coordinate systems testing with QA and automated tools to ensure consistent quality of the product 3+ AAA Projects shipped to completion in a design role, leadership roles are a plus Love of the Borderlands franchise Knowledge of Unreal Engine 4 is preferred Experience with economic models – background in economics is a plus Must possess proficiency in mathematics including vector math, ability to develop growth curves, diminishing return systems, and possessing the ability to understand how to best utilize math so players don’t have to Possess the ability to speak confidently about economic systems to other internal Gearbox developers, external partners, private conferences such as GDC, and potentially media or press outlets in promotion of the game. 
ScrapedJobID1430:
Bachelor’s degree, or equivalent practical experience. 5 years of experience with software development in one or more programming languages (e.g., Python, C, C++, Java, JavaScript). 3 years of experience in a technical leadership role; overseeing strategic projects, with 2 years of experience in a people management, supervision/team leadership role. Master's degree or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field. 3 years of experience building tools that improve development velocity, code quality, and/or code health. 3 years of experience working in a complex, matrixed organization. 3 years of experience in multiplayer game development, high performance programming, graphics, and/or game debugging. Lead and grow a team of Engineering Productivity Software Developers and Test Developers. Provide technical expertise throughout the product lifecycle including design, implementation, and delivery of scalable build/test/release infrastructure. Establish processes for getting a high-quality products released. Define the team strategy and roadmap for the adoption of developer tools and test infrastructure. Collaborate with leadership and key internal and external stakeholders on a regular basis. 
ScrapedJobID1431:

ScrapedJobID1432:
Work closely with the Art Director and a team of artists and level designers to assemble and detail game environments. Create visually appealing, realistic 3D models of natural and architectural elements based on concept art and photo reference. Work within budgets while hitting key timelines. Troubleshoot technical and artistic issues. Communicate effectively with team members, production and management to ensure that project goals and deadlines are met. Deliver environments that adhere to strict performance targets. Evaluate software, tech and tools to help identify opportunities for pipeline improvement. Have creative ownership over large sections of an environment. Contribute to high quality look development with the goal of setting the bar. Able to prioritize and delegate tasks to junior members of the art team. Help train and mentor more junior artists. 5+ years of experience creating high-quality 3D architecture, environments, and levels for AAA games. Ability to execute highly detailed, photo realistic environments, helping to set the bar for other artists at the studio. Receive, give, and apply feedback effectively while maintaining a positive attitude. Highly proficient in Maya or 3ds Max, Photoshop and Substance Painter. Strong understanding of lighting, color and scene composition. Advanced understanding of physically based material creation, with preference given to those who are adept in material creation. Proficient in next-gen asset creation. Experience with a level editor. (i.e. Unreal, Unity, Frostbite, Radiant, etc.) Self-driven, dedicated to advancing your craft, and eager to learn new techniques and software. You are passionate about games; take pride in everything you do and have a positive attitude. 2+ AAA games shipped Foundation in traditional art with ability of concepting ideas. Additional experience in lighting, VFX, design, etc. Exceptional visual and technical understanding of 3D modeling and texturing. Proficient in Zbrush Understanding of photogrammetry processes and workflows. Architecture, photography, photogrammetry or cinematography experience. 
ScrapedJobID1433:
Contribuer à la conception, au développement et à l'exploitation de nos outils. Maintenir plusieurs systèmes, avec une certaine direction, et un degré élevé d'autonomie. Collaborez avec toutes les équipes de développement de jeux pour comprendre leurs flux de travail et leurs besoins lors de l'utilisation des outils Unreal Engine 5 et DCC. Analyser et promouvoir les améliorations des processus, des normes et des flux de travail de notre équipe. Excellentes compétences en programmation dans au moins un langage (C#, C++, Python, etc.). Au moins 3 ans d'expérience dans le développement d'outils pour le développement de jeux. Un fort accent sur la qualité et l'évolutivité. Mentalité orientée client et service pour accompagner nos développeurs. Excellentes compétences en gestion du temps et en relations interpersonnelles. Baccalauréat ou expérience professionnelle pertinente. Expérience avec le développement d'interface graphique en mode conservé et immédiat. Connaissance du moteur Unreal Expérience en télémétrie pour les outils, automatisation des processus et pipelines d'actifs. Expérience en développement UI/UX pour les outils Expérience d'intégration avec les DCC. Contribute to the design, development, and operation of our tools. Maintain multiple systems, with some direction, and a high degree of autonomy. Collaborate across all game development teams to understand their tool workflows and needs when using Unreal Engine 5 and DCC tools. Analyze and champion improvements of our team processes, standards, and workflows. Excellent programming skills in at least one language (C#, C++, Python, etc.). At least 3 years of experience developing tools for game development. A strong focus on quality and scalability. Customer and service oriented mentality to support our developers. Excellent time management and interpersonal skills. Bachelor's degree or relevant professional experience. Experience with both retained and immediate mode GUI development. Unreal Engine. Telemetry for tools. Process automation. Asset pipelines. UI/UX development for tools. Integration with DCCs. 
ScrapedJobID1434:
Créer des effets visuels et des textures animées réalistes de haute qualité; Atteindre les cibles de style et de qualité établies par le Directeur artistique; Collaborer étroitement avec le Directeur artistique technique et l’Artiste en chef pour comprendre et, au besoin, établir des processus de production qui tiennent compte des contraintes techniques du jeu; 3 ans ou plus d’expérience en tant que Artiste VFX dans l’industrie du jeu vidéo; Avoir livré au moins 2 titres multiplateformes; Maîtrise les techniques de production artistique en jeu vidéo; Expérience sur UE4 et Houdini un atout; Aptitude démontrée à pouvoir résoudre des problèmes complexes. Adepte du Système D; Excellent esprit de leadership et de relations interpersonnelles; Enthousiaste, positif, esprit axé sur l’équipe. Create realistic, high quality visual effects and animated textures; Meet style and quality targets set by the Art Director; Work closely with the Technical Art Director and Lead Artist to understand and, when necessary, establish production processes that take into account the technical constraints of the game; 3+ years experience as a VFX Artist in the video game industry; Have delivered at least 2 cross-platform titles; Mastery of video game art production techniques; Experience on UE4 and Houdini an asset; Demonstrated ability to solve complex problems. Adept at System D; Excellent leadership and interpersonal skills; Enthusiastic, positive, team-oriented spirit. 
ScrapedJobID1435:
Design and implementation of reliable, high performing and usable web applications Creation of detailed design documentation and diagrams Refactoring and creation of abstractions to simplify components and libraries and promote code re-use Diligently unit testing and debugging application components as necessary Displaying initiative in research, proposal and development of tools, technologies and techniques Collaborating and communicating effectively within a multi-disciplinary team Analysis of business needs and development of technical solutions Applying foresight to look beyond immediate requirements for future extensibility Participating in design and code reviews as necessary Supporting clients’ evolving needs through ongoing product enhancements and application extension A University Degree or College Diploma in an applicable field Passion for continuous learning and improvement 5+ years of .NET development experience Practical experience implementing object-oriented systems Experience in database normalization and SQL An understanding of underlying popular Internet protocols, browser and server technologies The ability to code to established standards and methodologies Strong communication skills (verbal and written) Produced quality deliverables within planned timelines Demonstrated experience in various tools and technologies, including ASP.Net MVC, Entity Framework, Visual Studio, HTML, Jquery, Redis, CSS, JSON, Web Services, and SQL Server Experience with version control tools such as Git or Subversion Experience with message queueing and service bus middleware Location: Winnipeg, Manitoba 
ScrapedJobID1436:
Design and build new self-service and automation capabilities to provide world-class service to our Engineering teams Champion the DevOps mindset through the entire Engineering team though coaching and mentoring Work within an AWS scalable production environment hosting multiple services Collaborate with team members to troubleshoot and identify bottlenecks in the engineering tools or build pipeline Participate in our on-call rotation (a few times per quarter) for our product and effectively troubleshoot problems within the Thinkific platform Have 5+ years of experience in a Production Engineering or DevOps role, including hands-on experience coding and scripting using Shell, Ruby, Python, or other similar languages Possess strong Terraform skills and have a good understanding of infrastructure as code best practices Have experience working with container technology such as Docker or Kubernetes Are extremely skilled at working in a cloud-native architecture on a platform such as AWS Are eager to learn and grow—you've likely attended post-secondary education, continue to seek opportunities to level up your skills or have equivalent professional experience in a similar role Have previous experience as a web application developer and are comfortable working at the application level Understand that DevOps isn't one team's responsibility but a mindset that can be nurtured and shared organization-wide Have previous experience with security tools and securing a cloud environment (like key management and user auditing) Have worked for a SaaS product company Are experienced with the unique challenges of scaling Rails Engines and Ruby on Rails applications Be part of a team of incredibly talented, passionate, and driven people focused on building and innovating on a best-in-class learning platform Make an impact with your work—each person has an equal opportunity to contribute to our goals and every day, we get to see how Thinkific is empowering both course creators and their students Join one of the fastest-growing companies in Canada and find opportunities to grow in your own career—offering advancement opportunities for our team members is important to us! Contribute to Thinkific's award-winning culture—we're one of Canada's Most Admired Corporate Cultures and a certified Great Place to Work! We offer competitive salaries, a comprehensive benefits package including health, dental, vision, and mental health coverage, and an Employee and Family Assistance Program to support the wellbeing of you and your family Whether you're at our Vancouver HQ or working from home, you'll have the opportunity to build meaningful relationships with Thinkers on your team and across the company through team-wide events, meet and greets with new team members, and regular social events Have fun with our team, even while we're working remotely—join us for an online games session, virtual trivia and paint nights, at-home fitness challenges, or even an online coffee brewing demo! Get additional health and wellness support through a lifestyle or health spending account to put your dollars where you need it most, whether that's subsidizing your gym membership, covering out-of-pocket expenses, or getting new gear Enjoy our open vacation policy and flexible work environment, because we know the importance of having a great work-life balance (and sometimes, you do your best work in slippers) Learn and Grow is one of our values and we take it seriously, providing opportunities through lunch and learns, training, workshops, mentorship, and our $1500 education allowance Grow your career AND your family at Thinkific—you'll be taken care of with our parental leave top-ups as you add to your family Meet the many @dogsofthinkific (and yes, they're as cute and cuddly as they look) Work with the hardware you're most comfortable with, and upgrade or replace your system when you need to with our technology bonus Get set up for success, whether that's at the office or at home. Whether you need a monitor, laptop stand, keyboard, mouse, or even a desk, we'll work to ensure you have what you need to do your best work Be confident bringing your whole self to work—we're proud to be an inclusive company with a diverse team and values grounded in ethics and equality Here at Thinkific, we know that the different perspectives on our team have led to amazing ideas, more innovation, and, ultimately, our success as a company. Our team welcomes applicants of all backgrounds, experiences, beliefs, identities, and statuses. Whoever you are—we can't wait to meet you! 
ScrapedJobID1437:
Collaborate with business development, solution architects and work with clients directly Understand the problem space, prioritize different efforts around operational metrics, gameplay design optimization, toxicity/fairplay/community management, segmentation and predictions Lead the team to implement solutions to solve the problem Collaborate with external vendors, tool providers and partners in the analytics space Work with the leadership and partnership team to determine when to build internally, when to use existing solutions and when to partner Perform other duties as assigned Takes ownership for initiatives and works through ambiguous problems Confirmed ability to quickly adapt, maintain focus, and hold a high degree of accuracy while working with complex data Advanced SQL skills, proficiency with analytical & visualization tools (Python, Airflow, Tableau, PgSQL etc.), experience with modelling and analysis (machine learning, statistical analysis) Experience with roadmapping, goal setting, market researching, spec writing, managing project execution, A/B testing, UI/UX wireframing, defining product roll-out strategy Proven experience of presenting a simple user experience with a complex technical product Proven project management experience Proven client service experience in presales, post sales support or solution architecting Critical thinking paired with strong execution Self-motivated and resourceful Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong analytical and technical skills, with a willingness to be hands on 5+ years of experience in analytics or other quantitative field 3+ years product management/production experience 2+ years of experience working in games or systems that supports game development A degree in Computer Science/Computer Engineering or equivalent experience Prior experience with Scrum and Agile Prior experience working on data analytics platforms Prior experience working with data warehouses creating ETL and downstream visualizations. Experience with edge cases like data quality monitoring and anomaly detection. Prior experience with ML and AI Prior experience working with AWS and GCP User interface design skills Prior software development experience Prior AAA game experience Familiar with commercial game engines Prior experience working with distributed teams Prior startup experience 
ScrapedJobID1438:
Develop realtime 3D environments for use with training and testing AI systems Light environments using both baked and real time solutions Set up cameras and post effects in real time environments Manage projects using Perforce, Git, and/or other source control software Expert-level experience with crafting and lighting environments in Unity Strong experience in DCC packages such as: Autodesk 3ds Max, Autodesk Maya, Blender, Pixelogic ZBrush, Adobe Substance Designer, and Adobe Substance Painter BS degree in Game Design, Animation, Graphic Art, or a related field, or equivalent experience. Experience in game development (or equivalent visual effects fields) with multiple shipped titles, films, or applications Key skills in Unity, VFX, materials setup, scene generation, lighting setup. Experience in groups that have developed or made use of synthetic data for computer vision Experience crafting procedural systems using industry tools such as Side Effects Houdini Extensive scripting experience in C#, Python or other languages 
ScrapedJobID1439:
Develop, test and maintain complex animations systems in collaboration with animators, gameplay programmers and other team members; Create custom tools and scripts to increase the productivity and efficiency of the animation team; Produce polished rigs, animation and character pipelines; Assist the design, integration and validation of animation assets; Participate in integration of the animation assets into the game engine; Participate in the conceptualization of the behavior and abilities of the game’s characters; Work with the animation team to define, create and maintain the animation pipeline; Support the Lead Animator in any ad hoc tasks and duties; Provide constant technical support on the animation tools and engine to the animation team; Ability to use the engine debug tools to solve gameplay problems and work with designers and programmers to find a solution; Train animators in workflow, tools and anything else surrounding implementation of animation assets into the game-engine. Minimum of 3 years experience in game development or equivalent; Thorough knowledge of at least one programming or scripting language; Thorough knowledge of at least one DCC (3DSMax, Maya, motion generator, etc.); A good understanding of the anatomy; A fundamental understanding of animation; Experience with ‘retargeting animation’; ‘Rigged’ at least one complex character or object (with a video link); Experience with Unreal4; Experience with 3DSMax; Knowledge in ‘shader’; Good communication skills and good ability to clearly document any work; Have a general knowledge of video games and the methods used by developers to create them; Have experience with facial animation; Have a curious nature and a thirst for knowledge; Experience working on an AAA game from conception to publication to release a strong asset; Team building skills; Proven problem solving skills adapted to a fast iteration development environment; Strong communication skills in French and English, both oral and written.  
ScrapedJobID1440:
Creates believable, photo-realistic 3D models and textures from concept art and photo reference. Assembles, edits, and optimizes highly detailed 3D environments. Troubleshoots technical and artistic issues. Communicates effectively with team members, production and management to ensure that project goals are met. 1+ years of experience creating high-quality 3D art assets and levels for AAA games. Ability to create realistic 3D props, environments and textures from concept art and photo reference. Ability to receive, give, and apply feedback effectively while maintaining a positive attitude. Understanding of lighting, color and scene composition. Basic understanding of physically based shaders. Proficient in next-gen asset creation. Proficient in Maya or 3ds Max, Photoshop and Substance Painter. Self-driven, dedicated to advancing your craft, and eager to learn new techniques and software. Passionate about games; take pride in everything you do and have a positive attitude. Experience with a level editor (i.e. Unreal, Unity, Frostbite, Radiant, etc.) Foundation in traditional art with ability of concepting ideas. Familiarity with Substance Designer Familiarity with Zbrush Exceptional visual and technical understanding of 3D modeling and texturing. Architecture, photography, photogrammetry or cinematography experience. 
ScrapedJobID1441:
Write high quality and well-documented code according to accepted standards based on business requirements using one or more of the following tools and technologies: Oracle ADF Framework, Oracle JDeveloper, Java, JavaScript, SQL, PL/SQL Provide estimates for development items and consistently meet estimate and programming deadlines Provide standard product and enhancement support Provide integrated testing and debugging for new programming tasks/functions Create detailed technical design specification documents that can later be used for programming when required Conduct regressive testing to ensure backwards compatibility of the system Evaluate alternative design approaches to meet business requirements Collaborate with team members and other departments to find solutions Participate in project and team meetings Other related duties as assigned University Degree, preferably in Computer Science 3 plus year hands-on professional Java/J2EE programming experience (includes Java, JDBC, JSP, JavaScript, Struts Framework). Familiarity with HTML5, JQuery & CSS, Ajax. Familiarity with Oracle databases and SQL, PL/SQL Knowledge of web security: authentication, protocols Knowledge of http traffic workflow. Knowledge of Oracle JDeveloper, weblogic would be an asset. Excellent communication skills – both written and oral. Competitive benefits Package (including Health & Dental benefits) Paid vacation and personal days Townhall meetings where all employees are encouraged to participate in open discussions Located on York University’s campus, easily accessible by transit (TTC, GO, etc.), walking distance to shopping and restaurants Outdoor lunch space, including picnic tables An active Social Events Committee (past events include annual seasonal parties, pool and bowling tournaments, karaoke nights, Game nights, BBQ’s, and more) Health and Wellness focus including virtual yoga classes and wellness webinars RRSP Matching Program after 2 years of employment Experience in a rapidly growing, socially responsible corporation 
ScrapedJobID1442:
SRE Passion is automating everything, removing the toil and seeing the entire world in code. SRE Passion is feeling the energy of enabling development teams to safely go faster. SRE Passion is loving Cloud technology and how it enables acceleration. SRE Passion is incomplete without security and compliance – DevSecOps. SRE Passion is solving complex problems with simple solutions. SRE Passion is being on a continuous path for improvement. Has the SRE Passion Seeks out toil and destroys it with automations Has the proven skills in handling incidents, with a customer first focus Measures everything and creatively applies improvements Has a strong focus on security and compliance within a cloud environment Has a proven track record for leading a group of individuals with the same passion, both in SRE and operations Has exceptional prioritization skills, including transparently communicating and justifying time investments Effectively collaborates with designers, developers, architects and operations, about SRE evolutions Writes code, regularly Embraces and presents new technologies and processes with the goals of learning and improving service quality while reducing costs Design and create automations that remove toil from the operational requirements of the services while enabling an increase of velocity for service teams Lead a team through SRE improvements, compliance audits, disaster recovery simulations and operational incidents Collaborate and drive priorities of the team Contribute to the enhancement of tools and practices used within the team, keeping a keen eye on customer outcomes Proven SRE experience utilizing SLO/SLIs in a commercial, cloud-based service At least four years of experience designing and implementing software with high-level languages including Java or Python At least two years of experience in cloud computing with a preference to Amazon AWS Proven experience leading a high paced team in both development and operations activities Familiarity with secure coding practices and compliance adherence within a cloud environment including PCI, ISO27001 and SOC2 Proven experience in developing infrastructure as code using technologies like CloudFormation, Terraform and Serverless Hands on infrastructure, systems and application architecture experience in large scale, web-based applications Experience with testing and managing high availability environments Excellent communication, interpersonal and influencing skills in a cross functional role Bachelor of Science degree in related discipline, advanced degree desired 
ScrapedJobID1443:
At least 3 years of Web Front End development experience; more experienced candidates are welcome Strong knowledge of React/Redux architecture Strong knowledge of HTML/CSS, animations, transitions, responsive design and browser specifics Solid knowledge of JavaScript, ES6, TypeScript and Node.js Comfortable with the Unix command lines Experience with a revision control tools, ideally from the command line: such as svn, git, p4 Self-directed; able to own your work and not be spoon fed Must be a resident of Canada and be eligible to work in Canada Communicate with remote team members regarding the project requirements, priorities and progress Build community tools which will be used by game developers and gamers Support and improve the existing tools and services Make sure the code quality is good and improving Experience with video streaming implementation and working with distributed teams DevOps experience - CI and deployments Understanding of and willingness to work according to agile manifesto spirit Familiarity with the video games industry and gamers community Diploma in C.S., Comp. Eng., or equivalent Annual Medical Allowance (Dental, Vision & More) Disability insurance Paid time off Remote working Continues learning opportunities Overtime pay 
ScrapedJobID1444:
Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, reliable and secure code. Improve tools and processes related to API development. Create documentation for the APIs, tools and processes that you work on. Review code written by others. Analyze problems and identify solutions. Honed interpersonal and communication skills. 3+ years of work experience using any object-oriented programming languages (preferably Java). Understanding of Object-Oriented Programming Concepts and design patterns. Understanding of REST over HTTP. Understanding of J2EE and experience programming in Java. Understanding of RDBS concepts and experience with SQL/PLSQL. Full-time, permanent role Flexible remote work policy Competitive benefits Package (including Health & Dental benefits) Paid vacation and personal days Virtual Townhall meetings where all employees are encouraged to participate in open discussions An active Social Events Committee (past events include annual seasonal parties, pool and bowling tournaments, karaoke nights, virtual game nights, BBQ’s, and more) Health and Wellness focus including virtual fitness classes, wellness webinars, and discounted gym memberships RRSP Matching Program after 2 years of employment 
ScrapedJobID1445:
Collaborate with game designers and across disciplines to translate concepts into specific playable levels, including layout, modeling, gameplay, event scription, and balance and tuning of levels. Fleshes out level / environment architectural details and works with artists for textures and details to establish levels’ final appearances. Provide feedback on and contribute to the direction of user-facing level creation tools including but not limited to the User Interface, Models, Textures, and VFX options available. Deliver and ensure that the quality and performance of all created levels is maintained throughout production and bug fixing. Ensure all tools and features are working as intended and coordinate with the QA team to report bugs and reproduction steps. Utilize provided toolset and operate on the outlined processes for handling working files, implementing levels, vetting check-ins, etc. Document tools and processes used to create level content. Work with LiveOps team and provide input to community engagement opportunities. Collaborate with Manager on short and mid-term objects of project milestones and deadlines. Performs research for levels and provide additional support as needed in replicating real-world environments. Contribute to the studio’s growing philosophy of game design and how we make games. The ability to demonstrate outstanding level creation skills. Industry experience and knowledge of the video game development process. A collaborative mindset with the ability to welcome and consider all forms of feedback. Strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to work across disciplines. Self-motivated individual with a willingness to research and learn the subject of assigned games. Experience creating content in The Golf Club or PGA TOUR 2K series. Experience as a level creator on racing or action-sport games. Experience with the Unity game engine. Experience with collaborative documentation, and planning and source control tools. Day shift Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1446:
Automate and maintain a continuous integration and deployment process. Work closely with developers to implement automation strategies. Implement a system to automate daily reports on the status of compilations, computers, unit tests and any other information needed by the teams. Document and monitor all automation processes. Support, advise and consult teams on automation and optimization of tasks. Troubleshoot issues, and define reproducible steps. A bachelor in computer science or engineering or any related field. 5+ years of proven experience as a Build Automation Developer or similar roles. 3+ years experience with monitoring, automated testing using Jenkins environment. 3+ years experience with DVCS like Git, Mercurial, and remote site like Bitbucket and Github. 3+ years experience with automated deployments and scripting to manage platform configurations. 3+years experience in Python, Windows, Docker, AWS. 2+ years in gaming, multimedia, middleware, and/or web services industry. Proven experience building an automation framework for desktop & cloud products. Experience with automated deployments and scripting to manage platform configurations. Knowledge and experience in DevOps: Continuous Integration, Continuous Delivery & Continuous Deployment, Observability, Reliability, Deployment strategies, etc. Demonstrated effective analytical & troubleshooting skills. Have a high sense of responsibilities and be solution-oriented. Strong written and verbal communication skills in both English and French. Strong work ethics with a positive attitude. Ability to work as a strong team player in a remote team. Strong knowledge and experience in SDLC methodologies. Experience with automated deployments and scripting to manage platform configurations. Knowledge and experience with Atlassian and G Suite tools. Creative problem-solving capabilities. Start-up Experience. 
ScrapedJobID1447:
Design and develop key systems such as screen flow, menu architecture, event systems, match-making and lobby UI, in-game 2D heads-up display and localization integration Develop and maintain tools and pipelines to enable artists and designers to work with the UI system Interact with other engineers to improve the whole technical team and process Assess requirements and provide effort estimates to guide an evolving development plan Collaborate continuously with design, art and technical teams to define requirements and iteratively build solutions Embrace and help improve our engineering practices for solid design, testing, and implementation 5+ years of proven game development experience Strong understanding of modern C++ Self direction and a proven ability to thrive in a highly dynamic environment Strong interdisciplinary collaboration skills, including verbal and written skills Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent Ability to work with an existing code base Experience with HTML/JavaScript/React Experience shipping AAA games Demonstrated passion for games and technology Experience with Unity 3D, Unreal, or other similar full-featured game engine Desktop / Console development experience Self direction and a proven ability to thrive in a highly dynamic environment Strong interdisciplinary collaboration skills, including verbal and written skills. 
ScrapedJobID1448:
Develop new tools, API's and implement protocols Analyze and resolve technical and application problems Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements, development of user stories, estimates, and work plans Collaborate with the team lead and other software developers to plan, design, develop, test, and maintain solutions based on the Unity editor and services Participate in peer-reviews of solution designs and related code Knowledge of Web technologies (Javascript, React, client/server architecture). Proficiency developing with C# and/or C++ Problem solver with a natural investigative ability to seek the best solution, not the fastest Ability to work on multiple complex projects simultaneously and independently as required A passion for crafting usable, polished and enjoyable user experience Experience with the Unity platform Experience with real-time multithreaded software development Experience with AR/VR and 3D softwares Développer de nouveaux outils, des API, et implémenter les protocoles Analyser et résoudre des problèmes techniques et d'application Aider à recueillir et à documenter les exigences des utilisateurs, le développement des récits utilisateurs, les devis et les plans de travail Collaborer avec le chef d'équipe et d'autres développeurs de logiciels afin de planifier, de concevoir, d'élaborer, de tester et de maintenir des solutions fondées sur l'éditeur Prendre part à des évaluations par les pairs de conceptions de solutions et des codes correspondants Connaissance des technologies web (Javascript, React, serveur client-architecture) Maîtrise du développement en C# et/ou C++ Aptitude à travailler sur de multiples projets indépendamment et en parallèle selon les besoins Passion pour la création d'expériences utilisateurs accessibles, impeccables et agréables Compréhension en profondeur de la conception de code et capacité d'en discuter avec aisance Expérience avec la plateforme Unity Expérience en conception de logiciels en temps réel à plusieurs branches Expérience en réalité virtuelle/réalité augmentée (AR/VR), et les projets 3D 
ScrapedJobID1449:
Intermediate: 3-5 years' experience as a Digital Project Manager Create and manage updates to overall project schedule and resourcing in TeamGantt or similar Collate and organize project documentation and shared team files in Confluence and OneDrive so key information is easily accessible by the team Maintain the team sprint plans in Asana: logging, updating and assigning tasks Run team check-in meetings including daily scrums and sprint reviews Check in with team members regularly to ensure tasks are up to date in Asana and on track for reviews and deliveries Actively identify blockers or delays on tasks promptly and assist team with troubleshooting and work arounds Facilitate team meetings and review sessions including scheduling, creating agendas, keeping detailed meeting notes and following up on action items Assist with scoping new work, including documenting requirements, task details and estimates from team Assist producers with client and stakeholder communication as needed including documenting feedback, preparing assets for presentations etc. Manage setup for new team members including coordination with IT, scheduling onboarding meetings, assigning of tasks Organize software, hardware and other purchases for the team, including completing and filing purchase orders and invoices, track equipment and costs Receive, code and file contractor invoices for processing Monitor time tracking for full time staff and contractors, ensuring time sheet information is up to date Assist with coordinating team travel for on-site installation periods including sourcing cost estimates, preparing schedules, organizing equipment lists and shipping Other project management and administration tasks as required Microsoft Office Asana Atlassian: Jira & Confluence TeamGantt, Smartsheet or similar Slack Experience in digital project management, focused on areas such as immersive entertainment, mobile apps, games, AR/VR or software development Experience in a client-facing role, including communication, managing feedback/expectations and deliverable presentations Experience managing projects with small to medium size teams of artists, animators and developers Excellent attention to detail and administrative skills including time and resource management Excellent written and verbal communication, can facilitate smooth communication flow between team members, stakeholders and clients Experience managing projects utilizing 3D workflows, 360 video, AR/VR, spatial audio and/or projection mapping Experience with managing location or event-based projects such as installations or live product demos Knowledge of Agile / scrum-based development processes Knowledge of web-based CMS systems Laptop computer Built-in or external webcam, headphones, for video calls Start: Asap End: 3 months with possibility to extend 40 hours / week 
ScrapedJobID1450:
5+ years of product management experience managing web, networking, infrastructure, and/or security products and services 7+ years of professional work experience Experience with modern software development, web development frameworks, APIs Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field 7+ years of product management experience in a related industry / field Demonstrated experience driving product ownership and growth Proven success in delivering technology products/services in a high growth environment Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree 
ScrapedJobID1451:
You will manage & execute on marketing campaigns across digital and in-person channels You will assist with the design, creation, and messaging around presentations, newsletters, digital events, and campaigns You’ll manage digital touch points including social media You’ll work in liaison with third-party agencies on digital campaigns including SEO, content, social media, and PR You’ll support the design, creation, and distribution of marketing content Managing digital brand communications and awareness. Report on key marketing metrics on a weekly/monthly/quarterly basis; suggest areas for improvement A Bachelor’s Degree, college diploma, or equivalent experience 1-3 years of experience working in a similar position Background in space or SaaS technology is considered an asset Data-driven mindset, and proficiency with Google Analytics as well as emerging data collection and reporting tools Experience with web analytics, and knowledge of online campaign management and measurement Experience with content writing and design is an asset Proven analytical capability and ability to present data-driven recommendations and results Experience working with Web analytics and reporting tools. Attention to detail and accuracy in reporting. A proactive approach with a drive to continually improve results Proven analytical and organizational skills Ability to work in a fast-paced environment Familiarity with core digital marketing toolset, including WordPress, SquareSpace, Twitter, YouTube, LinkedIn, Google Analytics Proven experience in a marketing role and demonstration of existing campaign execution preferred Understanding of key technologies, including HubSpot, Salesforce, and other revenue suite tools Ability to work under pressure and within a fast-paced team environment Enjoy working in a data-driven environment High energy and high urgency mentality Prior experience in a start-up especially with a software product company You have industry knowledge of satellite imagery and/or APIs (BONUS) Space excites you – A LOT! 
ScrapedJobID1452:
Discover and negotiate with and sign top-ranked social media influencers for mobile game licensing opportunities. Generate potential new game opportunities through finding existing third party games that pair well with specific creators. Maintain clear and accurate pipelines for both top-ranked social media influencers and high quality developers. Collaborate with the Director of Interactive to create great matches of influencer IP’s to game proven game designs based on understanding the value of each property, demographics and target KPIs. Lead negotiations on deal terms and game scope. Collaborate with the Development Director to develop and communicate a clear vision for each new incarnation of a game, obtaining buy-in from both the developer and IP holder. Create pitch decks to clearly communicate that vision is a compelling way. Create a financial model for each partnership to ensure that the projected revenue is likely to satisfy all parties. Minimum 2 years experience working in the mobile games industry, preferably in a biz dev, marketing or production role. A charismatic self-starter with a positive attitude and a desire to drive initiatives across the finish line. The impeccable written and verbal communication skills and tact required to keep celebrities excited about and engaged with a project. Excellent organizational skills paired with strong attention to detail and the ability to multitask. A proven track record of communicating effectively with stakeholders at all levels. Resourceful in making decisions in a timely manner, able to empower our team and partners to solve problems quickly. Comfortable with term sheets and legal agreements. 
ScrapedJobID1453:
Provide hands-on coaching to teams at various stages of maturity to assist them in improving and implementing agile techniques Assess overall processes and agile practices across Engineering and design strategies to improve bottlenecks and pain points Facilitate workshops, training sessions and team rituals that cultivate trust and psychological safety Teach teams techniques for estimating capacity and project forecasting Take the lead on establishing metrics that provide value to teams for assessing capacity, health and throughput Create dashboards to help teams visualize key metrics and provide coaching on how to interpret the data Provide guidance on growing an Agile Coaching program within Engineering Operations & Culture Have 3+ years working as an Agile Coach in an Engineering Organization with a proven track record of delivery Have experience with a variety of different Agile methodologies, such as Scrum, Kanban, XP, and TDD Demonstrate an ability to collaborate and build strong, trusting relationships with various teams and individuals across the organization Leverage a data-driven approach to help coach and guide teams Have a deep understanding of the foundation and ingredients needed to create high performing teams Possess excellent verbal and written communication skills Have a coaching and learning mindset Experience using Jira and GitHub Experience scaling Agile Coaching programs within a rapidly growing company Experience coaching in hybrid work environments Experience as a software developer Be part of a team of incredibly talented, passionate, and driven people focused on building and innovating on a best-in-class learning platform Make an impact with your work—each person has an equal opportunity to contribute to our goals and every day, we get to see how Thinkific is empowering both course creators and their students Join one of the fastest-growing companies in Canada and find opportunities to grow in your own career—offering advancement opportunities for our team members is important to us! Contribute to Thinkific's award-winning culture—we're one of Canada's Most Admired Corporate Cultures and a certified Great Place to Work! We offer competitive salaries, a comprehensive benefits package including health, dental, vision, and mental health coverage, and an Employee and Family Assistance Program to support the wellbeing of you and your family Whether you're at our Vancouver HQ or working from home, you'll have the opportunity to build meaningful relationships with Thinkers on your team and across the company through team-wide events, meet and greets with new team members, and regular social events Have fun with our team, even while we're working remotely—join us for an online games session, virtual trivia and paint nights, at-home fitness challenges, or even an online coffee brewing demo! Get additional health and wellness support through a lifestyle or health spending account to put your dollars where you need it most, whether that's subsidizing your gym membership, covering out-of-pocket expenses, or getting new gear Enjoy our open vacation policy and flexible work environment, because we know the importance of having a great work-life balance (and sometimes, you do your best work in slippers) Learn and Grow is one of our values and we take it seriously, providing opportunities through lunch and learns, training, workshops, mentorship, and our $1500 education allowance Grow your career AND your family at Thinkific—you'll be taken care of with our parental leave top-ups as you add to your family Meet the many @dogsofthinkific (and yes, they're as cute and cuddly as they look) Work with the hardware you're most comfortable with, and upgrade or replace your system when you need to with our technology bonus Get set up for success, whether that's at the office or at home. Whether you need a monitor, laptop stand, keyboard, mouse, or even a desk, we'll work to ensure you have what you need to do your best work Be confident bringing your whole self to work—we're proud to be an inclusive company with a diverse team and values grounded in ethics and equality Here at Thinkific, we know that the different perspectives on our team have led to amazing ideas, more innovation, and, ultimately, our success as a company. Our team welcomes applicants of all backgrounds, experiences, beliefs, identities, and statuses. Whoever you are—we can't wait to meet you! 
ScrapedJobID1454:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or Software Engineering. Experience with Selenium and jMeter. Experience testing API’s Experience testing with financial services products a bonus. Experience using BrowserStack a bonus. Strong knowledge of software development lifecycle. Flexible schedule Work from home Monday to Friday Do you meet the DS4Y criteria (30 or under, Cdn/PR, post grad) listed at https://www.ic.gc.ca/eic/site/122.nsf/eng/00001.html. It's a government grant requirement, not a Boss Insights requirement. quality assurance: 1 year (preferred) Selenium: 2 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1455:
Partner with product and publishing teams in the creation, tracking and exploration of KPIs that monitor the performance of supported projects. Use a hypothesis-driven approach to design and construct exploratory analysis. Develop dashboards and visualizations to track these core Indicators across a variety of games and products. Own data acquisition and reporting pipelines. Work with the Data Engineering team to develop ETL solutions and ensure data integrity. Support remote game teams with reporting and data validation. Develop complex SQL queries to ask questions of large/complex datasets. Partner with the Marketing, Publishing, Development, Legal, and Finance teams. 4+ years performing analysis, providing insights and constructing visualizations. Game analytics experience, mobile app development or related consumer product experience. B.S. or M.S. in Economics, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, or similar. Experience performing root-cause analysis on all data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement. Experience performing A/B testing. Experience communicating complex quantitative concepts and solutions to stakeholders and partners Advanced SQL skills. Expertise in data visualization/BI tools (MixPanel, Google Data Studio, Tableau, etc). Able to partner with cross-functional (product, marketing, development) teams to understand their needs and priorities with multiple perspectives to guide product performance improvement. Solid communication skills with the ability to interact at all levels of management. 
ScrapedJobID1456:
A collaborative, transparent, and engaging culture, working with awesome technology! Competitive salary and performance-based variable compensation Paid Professional Development time Plenty of vacation and personal days Flexible work options Lucrative employee referral program Employee benefits including RRSP matching and WorkPerks (corporate discounts on travel, fitness Vibrant social crew to organize team events, fundraising, and community initiatives Endless opportunities to learn and grow Fully equipped gym facilities Rec room with pool table, foosball, and video games 
ScrapedJobID1457:
Utiliser tes connaissances pour créer des interfaces événementielles esthétiques, et hautement interactives à l'aide d'Angular 9+. Collaborer avec les développeurs côté serveur, les concepteurs de l'expérience utilisateur et les analystes commerciaux. Intégrer la gestion de l'authentification/autorisation via OAuth/JWT et la connexion aux backends via les API gRPC/REST. Interagir avec les autres équipes techniques et de produits tout au long du processus de planification et de la phase de mise en œuvre. Collaborer au processus DevOps pour l'automatisation des processus de développement et de test et des pipelines CI/CD. Toutes autres tâches connexes Maîtrise des versions récentes des technologies d'interface utilisateur : Angular (ou React, Vue), HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript. Expertise en JavaScript: vous comprenez l'héritage prototypique, la portée et les closures. Expérience approfondie du développement côté client acquise lors de la construction d'applications web à page unique. Maîtrise des API avec gestion des authentifications (OAuth / JWT). Avoir une connaissance de REST ou de g RPC. Être familiarisé(e) avec les techniques avancées de gestion du code source avec GitHub, GitLab ou Gerrit. Faire preuve de minutie, de rigueur, d'organisation, de gestion du temps et du stress. Être débrouillard(e) et avoir une excellente capacité de résolution de problème Avoir un esprit d’équipe, être autonome et organisé(e). Heures de travail flexibles Salaire de base très compétitif Politique de télétravail flexible Assurances collectives complètes offertes à 100% Jours de vacances et de maladie avantageuses dès le 1er jour Un environnement de travail stimulant, une ambiance décontractée ainsi qu’une salle à manger toute équipée avec café à volonté Une salle de sport et de jeux sur place Activités de groupe – barbecue, vendredi pizza, 5@7, billard, karting, etc. (hors pandémie) Use your knowledge to build great-looking, event-driven and highly interactive interfaces using Angular 9+. Collaborate with server-side developers, user-experience designers and business analysts. Integrate authentication / authorization management via OAuth / JWT and connection to backends via gRPC/REST APIs. Interact with the other technical and product teams throughout the planning process and implementation phase. Collaborate in the DevOps process for the automation of development and testing processes and CI/CD pipelines. All other related tasks Proficiency in recent versions of user-interface technologies: Angular (or React, Vue), HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript. Expertise in JavaScript: you understand prototypical inheritance, scope, and closures. Extensive client-side development experience gained while building single-page web applications. Mastery of APIs with authentication management (OAuth / JWT). Have knowledge of either REST or g RPC. Be familiar of advanced Source Code Management techniques with GitHub, GitLab, or Gerrit. Excellent problem-solving skills. Demonstrate intrinsic motivation and initiative, be resourceful and autonomous. A team spirit, demonstrate thoroughness, rigor, organization, time and stress management. Flexible working hours Competitive salary Flexible work from home policy A flat hierarchy that fosters communication between everyone Work alongside an international team comprised of industry experts Full group insurance offered at 100% Advantageous vacation and sick days from day 1 A stimulating work environment, a relaxed atmosphere as well as a fully equipped dining room with unlimited coffee On-site gym, ping-pong table and games Many group activities: on-site barbecues, pizza days, 5@7, billiards, karting, etc. (Post pandemic) Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Montréal, QC: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) French (preferred) English (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1458:
Highly motivated and dynamic professionals Motivated designers with broad backgrounds and service mindset to be a consultant Professionals with ability to work both with in-house projects and on-site assignments at our customer’s locations Company Culture – outstanding people and a flexible work environment with lots of after work activities/groups! It’s so great, we even won an award for it! Work/Life Balance – 4 weeks holidays to start and work that stays at work! Career Growth Opportunities – being a design house keeps variety in your work. New opportunities happening all the time! Great Benefits – and, they start the same day you do… and, they include your family… and, the company matches your RRSP contributions! 
