ScrapedJobID1:
or equivalent experience Write, modify, integrate and test software code Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Remote work available Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Life Insurance Benefits RRSP Benefits 
ScrapedJobID2:
Development, coordination, promotion and delivery of programs designed specific to the needs and preferences of the community for the facility Ensuring quality for the content and delivery of all programs and services Leadership and development of part-time staff including mentorship, providing resources and guidance, coordinating training and development, etc. Assisting the Fitness Supervisor with the management of part-time staff including evaluations, scheduling, etc. Providing direct supervision of staff, programs and services in the absence of the Supervisor Conducting on-site programs on occasion and/or when required Recommending changes in program schedules, create innovative programs to generate revenue Purchasing and maintaining an inventory of program supplies Maintaining existing City Recreation standards in program delivery to ensure Corporate efficiencies are realized Maintaining required statistics and prepare reports as required Assisting with monitoring and recommending annual budget Providing administrative services to ensure efficient and responsible operations for the centre Providing customer service and support to co-workers, management, and public Assuming the role of Manager on Duty on a regular basis Performing other related duties as assigned Degree or diploma in Recreation, Physical Education, Fitness/Health or related field with one to three years of experience in a fitness/recreation setting; or equivalent combination of education and experience Current fitness certification(s) as Personal Trainer Certification and/or Fitness Instructor Current CPR, First Aid Certification HIGH FIVE ® Principles of Healthy Child Development an asset Knowledge of equipment maintenance/preventative programs, knowledge of racquet sports and strong are considered assets Knowledge and experience with fitness recreation program design and delivery (i.e. sports conditioning, older adult/youth training, therapeutic rehabilitation, schedule and program development, part time staff management) and excellent customer service skills are required Must be able to demonstrate leadership skills and the ability to work in a team environment Must be a highly motivated, self-starter with excellent oral and written communication skills and the ability to establish effective working relationships Ability to work in a changing environment and have an interest in broadening your experience is desired Proficient computer skills in Word, and Excel Knowledge of R3/SAP, Sharepoint and CLASS system is a definite asset Valid Ontario Class ‘G’ license and access to a vehicle is required Criminal Record Search-Vulnerable Sector Screening that is acceptable to the City of Mississauga will be required of the successful candidate 
ScrapedJobID3:
Identifying, analyzing, and accurately reporting issues, questionable functionality, and inconsistencies in tax calculations within the software. Applying accounting/income tax knowledge to develop and execute test plans and use cases. Testing software applications on a variety of network configurations and versions of Windows operating systems. Using Quality Assurance knowledge to develop automated tests/test procedures. Participating in the development and documentation of key operational processes and checklists, and product specifications. Responding to customer support issues by telephone and email, if required. Experience in testing software applications/websites Strong organizational skills, with careful attention to detail when reporting issues. Strong technical knowledge of Windows operating systems and network environments. Solid investigative and analytical skills. Excellent communication skills within the team and when talking to clients. Positive attitude and a desire to learn. Excellent strategy skills, including creating test plans with or without specification documents. Tax legislation and/or accounting knowledge. Experience preparing or reviewing Canadian personal, corporate, trust or partnership income tax returns. Bilingual proficiency (English and French) is an asset. Quality Assurance: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID4:
Dental care Extended health care 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID5:
Perform the analysis and programming required to support different projects Participate in workplace integration (office and plant) and provide required training to users Support users and participate in the management of computer equipment: maintenance, new acquisition or replacement Perform any other tasks requested by the immediate supervisor such as participating in projects improvement within a multi-functional team DEC in computer science with an option in programming or industrial computer science WPF, HTML, JavaScript, CSS, ASP.NET, VB.NET, AngularJS and C# programming Good knowledge of programming and script SQL Knowledge of a manufacturing management software (ERP) (a plus) Permanent, full-time position You'll be joining a team that's committed to solving day-to-day issues, but always in a pleasant work environment! The best of both worlds: the resources of a large company and a family-like atmosphere A team that is passionate, attentive and committed to excellence A dynamic and stimulating work environment Flexible schedules that allow you to balance your work and your personal life Group insurance (different plans adapted to your needs) Registered Retirement Savings Plan with employer contributions Employee and Family Assistance Program Social activities. 
ScrapedJobID6:
Create SQL queries Create reports on SSRS Optimize and maintain exiting reports and codes As a plus create and maintain Crystal reports based on the SAP B1 environment Possesses 3+ years of T-SQL development with Microsoft SQL Server 2008+ 3+ years of SSMS, SSRS, SSAS, SSIS Ability to write performant SQL code and to optimize existing code Possesses solid knowledge in Reporting/Business Intelligence Solid computer science fundamentals such as algorithms, data structures and programming skills Experience working with enterprise data Ability to plan and conduct database unit and system tests; assess results and apply corrective actions Effectively communicates with users to identify needs and evaluate alternative solutions Effectively communicates with internal and external team members Understands the business issues and data challenges of the client’s organization Documents the activities on which the person is working on SAP Business One or ERP knowledge is an asset Power BI knowledge is an asset. VBA for Excel or .Net scripting is an asset. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Has strong communication skills Is an excellent team player with an excellent ability to work in a multi-functional team Multi-task and to meet in time deadlines Good knowledge of the Agile methodology, at ease with understanding and estimating deliverables t Fluent in English, written and spoken French is an asset Knowledge of ETL and BI data warehouse architecture is an asset Competitive salary Benefits covered at 75% RRSP match up, up to 4% after the first year Generous discount on merchandise Fridays we finish at 3pm Work schedule, Mon – Thur 8am – 5pm. Fridays 8 am to 3pm On occasion, be available to address issues off hours Some travel may be required to visit different branches in Montreal region. Free parking Friendly work environment And much more! Casual dress Company events Dental care Discounted or free food Extended health care Life insurance RRSP match Store discount Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends 
ScrapedJobID7:
Computer/Information Technology Administration and Management, Other Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Java JavaScript JSP HTML CSS SQL Ajax JQuery Internet access Cellular phone Own vehicle Linux Internet Extranet Intranet Programming software HTML editing software Web service design Software development Team player Judgement Organized Remote work available Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID8:
or equivalent experience Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Database software Programming software Software development Data analysis software SharePoint Business intelligence Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID9:
The consultant should be proficient in COBOL, VSAM, JCL, DB2, CICS, MF Utilities and FM aspects of Mainframe technology Coding Retail or Grocery store experience is a must 
ScrapedJobID10:
A culture that is one-of-a-kind — a happy team is a hard-working team High focus on the health and wellness of our staff including flexible hours A unique revenue sharing plan — as the company succeeds, so do you Competitive salaries and accelerated promotions for those who go above and beyond Dedication to hiring students and new graduates; it keeps us feeling young Working in the heart of Silicon Dartmouth — the office is car, bike and bus friendly for those working from the office. A social committee that plans 3-4 fun events every year: paint ball, BBQs, bowling, rock climbing and virtual events have been done before. Be a growth agent. Maintain design consistency, aesthetics, and functionality of web application pages. Build and maintain communication processing systems. Oversee the complete software development life cycle on client-server platforms and internet application architectures. Testing, troubleshooting, and resolving software issues. Design, develop, and maintain web-based applications in PHP 7, MySQL 5, HTML 5, and JavaScript. Working in a Linux console environment with VIM. 1-2 years software development experience. Knowledge of object-oriented programming and standard design patterns. Effective technical communications and documentation skills. Ability to take natural language requirements and transform them into technical specifications. Knowledge of version control such as GIT, SVN, Mercurial or Team Foundation Server. Project planning tools for UML design, diagramming, and general project management. Operating system knowledge in Linux and Windows. Knowledge in Mac an asset. Development experience with functional programming languages, artificial intelligence, queueing systems, C/C++, Node.js, AngularJS, Restful APIs, XML, XHTML, AJAX, or JSON an asset. Mobile development experience is an asset. Server management experience is an asset. Knowledge of ticket and work management systems such as Phabricator, Trac, Atlassian or RT an asset. Experience editing Wikis such as MediaWiki or Phabricator an asset. 
ScrapedJobID11:
Computer Programming: 2 years (Required) Vaughan, ON (Preferred) 
ScrapedJobID12:
Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Organized Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits Pension Plan Benefits Vision Care Benefits 
ScrapedJobID13:
or equivalent experience Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Judgement 
ScrapedJobID14:
Insurance Finance Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Java Criminal record check Cellular phone Willing to travel Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Relocation costs not covered by employer Database software Intranet Servers File management software Programming software Desktop publishing software Software development Website creation and management software Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized Remote work available Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID15:
or equivalent experience Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Program special effects software for film and video applications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Ability to distinguish between colours Sitting Tight deadlines Database software 3D graphic software Web service design Software development Website creation and management software Multimedia software API Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID16:
Applies engineering principles to solve complex problems through sound and creative engineering. Quickly learns new engineering methods and incorporates them into his or her work processes. Seeks feedback and applies internal or industry best practices to improve his or her technical solutions. Demonstrates skill in time management and completing software projects in a cooperative team environment. Pursuing a bachelor's or master's degree in engineering, computer science or related field. Must have at least one additional quarter/semesterof school remaining following the completion of the internship. Oneyear of programming experience in an object-oriented language. Ability to demonstrate an understanding of computer science fundamentals, including data structures and algorithms. 
ScrapedJobID17:
Deliver high quality products at a rapid pace Collaborating closely with Product Team to build the best data science applications Building new functionality for Arima's backend and data services Experience with web technologies, including HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript Highly experienced with back-end programming languages (preferably Python) Hands on professional experience with React Proficient experience using advanced JavaScript libraries and frameworks. Experience with building RESTful APIs, and databases Experience with responsive web applications Experience in Data Science and Machine Learning would be helpful, but not required. Bonus pay Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Stock options Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Python: 1 year (required) React: 1 year (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID18:
Are you interested in building products used by more than a billion people? Do you like shipping code at a rapid pace? Facebook is seeking an experienced Front End Engineer that is passionate about building mobile and desktop web applications. This position is full-time. 
ScrapedJobID19:
Designing sample page layouts including text size and colors Designing graphics, animations and manipulating digital photographs Presenting initial design ideas to clients Coding using a variety of software Working with different content management systems Search engine optimization (SEO) Proofreading content and making changes where necessary Editing content, debugging code and re-designing web pages Working with other web specialists including web developers and graphic designers Testing the website to ensure it is working Researching current design trends Continual professional development to keep up to date with new software developments. Current college junior or senior pursuing a bachelor’s degree in Cloud Computing and Big Data, or a related field Minimum commitment of 5 days per week. Good knowledge of HTML, CSS, Adobe Suite, SQL. 
ScrapedJobID20:
Eclipse Consulting firm Telecommunications industry Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications XML Object-Oriented programming languages Java JavaScript HTML CSS SQL Python Subversion (SVN) Criminal record check Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Unix Linux Database software Programming software HTML editing software Web service design Software development Data analysis software Business diagram software API Business intelligence Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Client focus Judgement Organized Remote work available Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits 
ScrapedJobID21:
Collaborate with clients, team members and other Information Technology (IT) teams and divisions to resolve application incidents. Provide support for various system upgrades. Troubleshoot technical issues for a variety of applications, system integrations, and/or reports. A completed 2 year technical diploma in Information Technology and at least 2 years of systems development and/or support experience in client/server and web environments is required. Experience with Structured Query Language (SQL), SQL Server, Drupal, and BMC Remedy or a similar IT service management tool are assets. Experience in web development including HTML, XML and Blacksmith and experience with Visual Basic, Visual Studio, C#, Oracle and Component Object Model (COM) will also be considered assets. Knowledge of reporting tools (Active Reports and Web services) and the basic concepts of servers/services related to support of software residing on application servers. Experience with Microsoft Dynamics 365 and the Microsoft Power Platform would be considered an asset. You have the ability to work independently as well as part of a team and are able to acquire new knowledge and skills quickly. You have demonstrated analytical and problem-solving skills with the ability to plan and organize complex tasks. Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills with a strong customer focus. A security clearance will be conducted. Successful applicants must provide proof of qualifications. Effective November 1, 2021, all City of Calgary employees must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. For more information, please refer to COVID-19 Vaccination Policy. 
ScrapedJobID22:
Consulting firm Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code JavaScript HTML CSS Basic security clearance Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Handling heavy loads Manual dexterity Attention to detail Ability to distinguish between colours Sound discrimination Sitting Combination of sitting, standing, walking Standing for extended periods Bending, crouching, kneeling Tight deadlines JavaOS C# .NET Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized Remote work available Medical Benefits Dental Benefits 
ScrapedJobID23:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Database software Programming software Data analysis software 
ScrapedJobID24:

ScrapedJobID25:
Take part in the design, development and evolution of our web applications Collaborate with the web development team and the product management team Be involved in meetings and the Scrum process Work with programming languages and frameworks such as C#, TypeScript, .Net and Angular Work with SQL Server databases Work with the Azure DevOps development infrastructure platform 
ScrapedJobID26:
Responsible for the development of the Shopify Plus platform, themes, liquid programming language and corresponding apps Implement system integrations that are crucial to our success Ensure services /systems / platforms are fit for purpose, well architected and follow the corporate development practices Maintain service / system / platform health in accordance with security, performance, availability, maintainability, and efficiency measures. Develop and maintain technical roadmap to communicate and guide the evolution of services /systems / platforms Knowledgeable in security / personal data protection principles Developing testing plans and troubleshooting issues related to eCommerce issues Conducting root cause analysis and determining/developing corresponding action items Implement advanced debugging techniques and usage of browser developer tools User interface design — are you surprised? We’re an apparel company. Everything you design must look pretty, stylish, and above all else strong and simple Obsessively QA developed software and provide detailed feedback on why certain designs worked and didn’t work You will create end-to-end checkout experiences and web-based designs that are responsive on mobile and desktop devices Distilling complex user flows and interfaces to a simple user-experience At least 2 years front-end web development experience (Backend / Full Stack is a bonus) At least 1 year experience working with the Shopify platform. General experience building, launching, and maintaining Shopify stores, as well as general knowledge of the admin system. Demonstrable expertise with HTML and CSS (pre and post-processors–specifically SASS). Thorough understanding and experience with JavaScript, jQuery Experience with Shopify’s object/properties, AJAX API, and Metafields. Thorough testing and debugging skills with browser console and external tools. Experience developing for responsive layouts for desktop, tablet, and mobile. Experience working with 3rd party services and APIs, specifically plugins for Shopify. Experience with Shopify’s theming system and Liquid templating. Experience with implementing/debugging 3rd party Shopify apps as well as creating custom solutions Thorough understanding of Git and workflow processes (e.g. Github) A keen eye for detail to deliver pixel perfect pages General understanding of eCommerce (D2C a bonus) Demonstrated experience with UX / UI design principles Bilingualism - French and English You enjoy thinking strategically and bringing creative solutions to problems; You thrive in a fast paced environment; You have a hunger for learning and a curious mindset; Extremely collaborative and like working with cross-functional teams 
ScrapedJobID27:
Computer Programming, Specific Applications Travel and tourism Travel software packages Sabre Microsoft Visual Studio Eclipse Adobe Photoshop Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Workplace training and development XML PHP Object-Oriented programming languages MySQL JavaScript HTML CSS SQL Soap Ajax JQuery Git Model-View-Controller (MVC) Shell script Subversion (SVN) Basic security clearance Cellular phone Work under pressure Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Linux Database software File management software Project management software Programming software Web service design Software development Mapping and data visualization software Website creation and management software Business diagram software API Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID28:
You will be building out new features and integrations for our web application. You’ll work directly with the CTO, as well as the marketing and design teams, to strategize and prioritize new components and design changes; You’ll have ownership over your work, and get the chance to work on a variety of tasks; You’ll address concerns from the team and customers as your new features roll out. You’re currently enrolled in a Bachelor's degree program in Software Engineering/Computer Science or a related technical field. Familiarity with the JavaScript language and its modern ES6+ syntax and features; Familiarity with a server-side language such as PHP, ASP.NET, C++, PYTHON. High coding standards and an ability to follow best practices of the tech stack; Solid analytical and problem-solving skills with high attention to detail; You’re able to learn new concepts and technologies on an independent basis. You’re capable of working remotely and on flexible schedules. You are a Canadian citizen, permanent resident, or a person to whom refugee protection has been conferred under the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act. You’re legally able to work in Canada. Familiarity with the Vue.js ecosystem, including Vue CLI, Vuex, Vue Router, and Nuxt.js; Full-mastery of a front-end JS framework like Angular, React or Vue; Contribution to open-source projects and a GitHub portfolio to share; Proficiency with modern development tools, like Babel and Webpack; Experience developing and supporting scalable web interfaces; Work from home 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID29:
Degree or Diploma (preferably in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or similar) A natural aptitude for technology and a strong desire to expand your technical skill set. Exposure or familiarity with one or more programming languages (Python, JavaScript, Java, C, C++, C#). Exposure to one or more operating systems (Microsoft, Linux). Understanding of database and SQL. Able to commit to work for FDM for a minimum of two years working as an FDM consultant following the training period. Eligible to work in Canada. A chance to work for some of the most prestigious companies in the world. Opportunity to earn professional certifications related to your career path. Two-year contract in industry. Continuous career support and upskilling from FDM. Comprehensive and competitive benefits package. Access to a network of mentors and like-minded individuals. Industry recognized paid training. 
ScrapedJobID30:
Hands on work experience with projects Teamwork and individual contributions Exposure to knowledgeable and passionate subject matter experts Collaborative work environments Improve time and project management skills Diverse work force Computer Science Computer and Electrical Engineering Engineering in technical areas Network Security Information Technology Telecommunications Use programming language such as, but not limited to: Java, C#, Javascript, Python, C/C++ and Go. Perform development and integration of software systems using Pega Business Process Management (BPM) rules engine. Build tools, APIs, native or web based frontends. Interact with end users and provide recommendations. Participate in designing, programming, testing, documenting and optimizing solutions. Learn best practices through mentorship and code review. Support or modernize legacy applications. Develop tools for the delivery and processing of telecommunications data. Test and maintain mobile devices using networking protocols and software development tools. Analyze and configure LAN/WAN communications networks and appliances. Maintain, support and administer of LAN/WAN. Research latest security practices. Validate operational tools and make recommendations for improvements to standard practices. Apply network security best practices involving commercial hardware and software. Develop software tools and scripts for system security audits. Assess/provide/use/validate secure network infrastructure for technical solutions.. Test vulnerability of products or software, proof of concepts, refine requirements and conduct research. Installation, configuration and support of security related products. Conduct in depth security assessments including but not limited to Statements of Sensitivity (SOS), Security Reviews, Threat and Risk Assessments (TRA) and Certification & Accreditations (C&A) or Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A). Obtain solid foundation of Government of Canada IT Security standards. Learn how to work in a Security Operations Center environment. Familiarization with Wireless Intruder Detection Systems (WIDS) and their role in IT Security. Participate in the forensic acquisition and analysis of various equipment using modern tools and techniques. Provide operational infrastructure services that enable the collection of intelligence in order to advance CSIS’ investigations. Create and sustain a centralized operational environment that offers high performance and high speed networks through the development of a core set of services of cost-effective, scalable and adaptive infrastructure. Maintain, support and administer elements in an Enterprise environment such as: Linux/Windows servers, virtualization technologies (VMware, OpenStack); storage technologies (Storage Area Network, Network Attached Storage, backups/restores); identity and access management (LDAP, Active Directory); web infrastructure. Validate the functionality of technical solutions to ensure the capabilities will be effective in an operational environment Provide/use/validate secure network infrastructure for technical solutions. Investigate, troubleshoot and determine remedial action to issues reported by clients. Configure and deploy various solutions involving networking equipment, computers, software applications and tools Work with analog and digital electronic circuits and troubleshooting hardware/software/firmware within embedded systems. Assist with testing and evaluation of systems to ensure they meet their functional and operational requirements. Analyze test results and track issues resolution to ensure that systems can be successfully deployed operationally with high confidence. Experience with microcontroller architecture (Raspberry Pi, Arduino), embedded PC hardware or VME based single board computers, ARM architectures Work with ensuring data quality and data assurance in a processing system for collection, organization, filtering, triaging, and reporting of data types collected using various techniques on a big data system in a complex distributed, mission critical system. Assist with testing and evaluation of systems to ensure they meet user requirements. Coordinate with development and operational teams to identify valuable tests and writing/developing new test cases and participate in continuous improvement testing. Analyze test results and track issues until resolution. Usage of tools and systems that directly support the collection, processing, storage, handling and safeguarding. Install, configure, monitor and support databases, performing database backups, restores/refreshes. Advise/assist developers in database design and queries best practices. Problem Solving Analytical Skills Teamwork Client Service Initiative Location of interest. Please note you can only select one (1). Available locations are indicated at the top. Travel costs benefits may apply. Further information will be disclosed during the interview process. Job Category – Applying for a co-op placement, internship (specific to current program enrollment) or student job. Field of interest, as indicated in experience. Availability of your work term (4, 8, 12 or 16 months)? Your current year of study and expected graduation date. Tell us your story: why do you want to work for CSIS? Work objectives. Technical abilities (where applicable). Volunteer or work Experience (where applicable). Projects (where applicable). English Essential (EE/AE) Bilingual Non Imperative (BBB/BBB) Bilingual Imperative (BBB/BBB) Hourly salary Public Service Commission Approved CO-OP (Co-operative Education)/Internship Programs 
ScrapedJobID31:
Degree or Diploma (preferably in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or similar) A natural aptitude for technology and a strong desire to expand your technical skill set. Exposure or familiarity with one or more programming languages (Python, JavaScript, Java, C, C++, C#). Exposure to one or more operating systems (Microsoft, Linux). Understanding of database and SQL. Able to commit to work for FDM for a minimum of two years working as an FDM consultant following the training period. Eligible to work in Canada. A chance to work for some of the most prestigious companies in the world. Opportunity to earn professional certifications related to your career path. Two-year contract in industry. Continuous career support and upskilling from FDM. Comprehensive and competitive benefits package. Access to a network of mentors and like-minded individuals. Industry recognized paid training. 
ScrapedJobID32:
Hands on work experience with projects Teamwork and individual contributions Exposure to knowledgeable and passionate subject matter experts Collaborative work environments Improve time and project management skills Diverse work force Computer Science Computer and Electrical Engineering Engineering in technical areas Network Security Information Technology Telecommunications Use programming language such as, but not limited to: Java, C#, Javascript, Python, C/C++ and Go. Perform development and integration of software systems using Pega Business Process Management (BPM) rules engine. Build tools, APIs, native or web based frontends. Interact with end users and provide recommendations. Participate in designing, programming, testing, documenting and optimizing solutions. Learn best practices through mentorship and code review. Support or modernize legacy applications. Develop tools for the delivery and processing of telecommunications data. Test and maintain mobile devices using networking protocols and software development tools. Analyze and configure LAN/WAN communications networks and appliances. Maintain, support and administer of LAN/WAN. Research latest security practices. Validate operational tools and make recommendations for improvements to standard practices. Apply network security best practices involving commercial hardware and software. Develop software tools and scripts for system security audits. Assess/provide/use/validate secure network infrastructure for technical solutions.. Test vulnerability of products or software, proof of concepts, refine requirements and conduct research. Installation, configuration and support of security related products. Conduct in depth security assessments including but not limited to Statements of Sensitivity (SOS), Security Reviews, Threat and Risk Assessments (TRA) and Certification & Accreditations (C&A) or Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A). Obtain solid foundation of Government of Canada IT Security standards. Learn how to work in a Security Operations Center environment. Familiarization with Wireless Intruder Detection Systems (WIDS) and their role in IT Security. Participate in the forensic acquisition and analysis of various equipment using modern tools and techniques. Provide operational infrastructure services that enable the collection of intelligence in order to advance CSIS’ investigations. Create and sustain a centralized operational environment that offers high performance and high speed networks through the development of a core set of services of cost-effective, scalable and adaptive infrastructure. Maintain, support and administer elements in an Enterprise environment such as: Linux/Windows servers, virtualization technologies (VMware, OpenStack); storage technologies (Storage Area Network, Network Attached Storage, backups/restores); identity and access management (LDAP, Active Directory); web infrastructure. Validate the functionality of technical solutions to ensure the capabilities will be effective in an operational environment Provide/use/validate secure network infrastructure for technical solutions. Investigate, troubleshoot and determine remedial action to issues reported by clients. Configure and deploy various solutions involving networking equipment, computers, software applications and tools Work with analog and digital electronic circuits and troubleshooting hardware/software/firmware within embedded systems. Assist with testing and evaluation of systems to ensure they meet their functional and operational requirements. Analyze test results and track issues resolution to ensure that systems can be successfully deployed operationally with high confidence. Experience with microcontroller architecture (Raspberry Pi, Arduino), embedded PC hardware or VME based single board computers, ARM architectures Work with ensuring data quality and data assurance in a processing system for collection, organization, filtering, triaging, and reporting of data types collected using various techniques on a big data system in a complex distributed, mission critical system. Assist with testing and evaluation of systems to ensure they meet user requirements. Coordinate with development and operational teams to identify valuable tests and writing/developing new test cases and participate in continuous improvement testing. Analyze test results and track issues until resolution. Usage of tools and systems that directly support the collection, processing, storage, handling and safeguarding. Install, configure, monitor and support databases, performing database backups, restores/refreshes. Advise/assist developers in database design and queries best practices. Problem Solving Analytical Skills Teamwork Client Service Initiative Location of interest. Please note you can only select one (1). Available locations are indicated at the top. Travel costs benefits may apply. Further information will be disclosed during the interview process. Job Category – Applying for a co-op placement, internship (specific to current program enrollment) or student job. Field of interest, as indicated in experience. Availability of your work term (4, 8, 12 or 16 months)? Your current year of study and expected graduation date. Tell us your story: why do you want to work for CSIS? Work objectives. Technical abilities (where applicable). Volunteer or work Experience (where applicable). Projects (where applicable). English Essential (EE/AE) Bilingual Non Imperative (BBB/BBB) Bilingual Imperative (BBB/BBB) Hourly salary Public Service Commission Approved CO-OP (Co-operative Education)/Internship Programs 
ScrapedJobID33:
or equivalent experience Develop computer applications for machines and processes Read blueprints and drawings Assist in preparing estimates, schedules, specifications and reports Criminal record check Tools Steel-toed safety boots Own vehicle Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Combination of sitting, standing, walking Tight deadlines MS Excel MS Windows MS Word Database software Computer numerical control (CNC) machines Programming software Programming languages MS Outlook Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Flexibility Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Values and ethics Organized 
ScrapedJobID34:
Yes Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Flexible schedule Life insurance Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID35:
Play a key role in the Asset Tracking Application project. Perform QA on the application, exercising new functionality and regression testing existing functionality. Develop automated tests to guard the quality of the application. Create detailed, comprehensive, and well-structured test cases. Participate in agile development, including estimating effort and complexity of new features and tasks. Collaborate with senior engineers to produce robust and maintainable code, following software team quality standards. Take on and deliver medium-sized features from conception to production. Help operate Cold Bore’s edge platform (embedded systems, IIoT). Help operate Cold Bore’s cloud platform (cloud app and API) with a Site Reliability Engineering approach. Minimum of 1+ years of hands-on software development. Knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes is considered an asset. Experience Experience with object-oriented design principles and best practices. Experience using Database software. Experience with the following programming languages: C#, SQL, Python Proficient in HTML/CSS/JavaScript. Working experience with an industry web framework (React or Angular). Experience writing automated test code (unit tests, integration tests, etc.). Comfortable working in Unix terminal environments. Hands-on contributor – you enjoy writing code, solving complex problems and being in the trenches. Desire to learn and improve through constructive feedback. Ability to develop independently with support from more senior team members. Conscientious and results-oriented individual who goes above and beyond to meet their commitments. Excellent analytical and troubleshooting skills. Team player who thrives in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. 
ScrapedJobID36:
Code new and existing systems to meet the intent of the game’s design. Keep them coherent with existing code. Develop gameplay tools for large content teams. Understand existing functions, and suggest and develop improvements. Collaborate with designers and animators on environments. Resolve gameplay bugs. Document your work. An undergraduate degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering. 3 years of experience in C++ and optimizing code. Experience in gameplay, AI, and design (main character, cameras, NPCs, environment, behaviours). Experience as part of a team that has shipped a video game is an asset. Experience developing on video-game consoles. Proficiency to communicate with all disciplines and to support and elevate the team in terms of quality and vision of the game. You are creative and thirsty for innovation. Your resume, highlighting your education, experience, skills, and any games shipped A hybrid and flexible work mode, 6 weeks of vacation in your first year, an enriched parental leave, a Ubi gym directly in our offices, a complete group insurance program, access to complete Dialogue telemedicine services, an RRSP with a contribution from Ubisoft, an advantageous bonus program, concrete measures to ensure the right to disconnect, the option of working part-time and much more. Click here for all the details. Joining a team of 21,000 Ubisoft employees working across more than 40 locations around the world, are boundby a common mission to enrich players’ lives with original and memorable gaming experiences. Their dedication and talent have brought to life many acclaimed franchises such as Assassin's Creed, Far Cry, Watch Dogs, Just Dance, Rainbow Six, and many more to come; Working for an equal opportunity employer who believes that diversity of backgrounds and perspectives is essential to creating worlds where gamers and their teams can thrive and express themselves. It's about taking on exciting challenges, being at the forefront of cutting-edge technology and being part of the future of entertainment. 
ScrapedJobID37:
Develop and expand features and products using a variety of programming languages Review project requirements and write technical specifications Debug, test, and fix errors Document code development and revisions Create and use software tools to help automate writing code 3+ years of programming experience in PHP and JavaScript, ideally within the Laravel framework Familiarity with any of the following technologies would be a great asset, but not a requirement: Plotly, Vue.js, Vuetify, PostgreSQL, Python, Docker Experience with source control management, preferably using Git Bachelor of Software Engineering or equivalent qualification with at least 3 consecutive years experience programming in PHP & JavaScript Strong problem solving and critical thinking skills Strong attention to detail 8 hour shift Laravel: 2 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID38:

ScrapedJobID39:
Knowledge of best practices building a clean codebase. eg. file maintenance, component structure Portfolio demonstrating your frontend skills Motivation to learn and be on the forefront of current technology standards and practices Strong knowledge of fundamentals of JavaScript without a framework 2-5 years exp. with one or many of the top JavaScript frameworks or libraries. ie. React, Vue, Angular Strong knowledge of CSS Comfortable with the command line and git utilities Worked with large projects from inception to completion Familiarity with working with different CMS integrations and building out clean content structures Experience with GraphQL and Apollo Experience with Node Experience with NextJS or NuxtJS Familiar with SSR applications and their requirements Experience with Styled Components Experience with MongoDB or other databases Experience with ecommerce platforms, e.g. Shopify Plus, CommerceCloud, Hybris, etc. 
ScrapedJobID40:
Development, coordination, promotion and delivery of programs designed specific to the needs and preferences of the community for the facility Ensuring quality for the content and delivery of all programs and services Leadership and development of part-time staff including mentorship, providing resources and guidance, coordinating training and development, etc. Assisting the Fitness Supervisor with the management of part-time staff including evaluations, scheduling, etc. Providing direct supervision of staff, programs and services in the absence of the Supervisor Conducting on-site programs on occasion and/or when required Recommending changes in program schedules, create innovative programs to generate revenue Purchasing and maintaining an inventory of program supplies Maintaining existing City Recreation standards in program delivery to ensure Corporate efficiencies are realized Maintaining required statistics and prepare reports as required Assisting with monitoring and recommending annual budget Providing administrative services to ensure efficient and responsible operations for the centre Providing customer service and support to co-workers, management, and public Assuming the role of Manager on Duty on a regular basis Performing other related duties as assigned Degree or diploma in Recreation, Physical Education, Fitness/Health or related field with one to three years of experience in a fitness/recreation setting; or equivalent combination of education and experience Current fitness certification(s) as Personal Trainer Certification and/or Fitness Instructor Current CPR, First Aid Certification HIGH FIVE ® Principles of Healthy Child Development an asset Knowledge of equipment maintenance/preventative programs, knowledge of racquet sports and strong are considered assets Knowledge and experience with fitness recreation program design and delivery (i.e. sports conditioning, older adult/youth training, therapeutic rehabilitation, schedule and program development, part time staff management) and excellent customer service skills are required Must be able to demonstrate leadership skills and the ability to work in a team environment Must be a highly motivated, self-starter with excellent oral and written communication skills and the ability to establish effective working relationships Ability to work in a changing environment and have an interest in broadening your experience is desired Proficient computer skills in Word, and Excel Knowledge of R3/SAP, Sharepoint and CLASS system is a definite asset Valid Ontario Class ‘G’ license and access to a vehicle is required Criminal Record Search-Vulnerable Sector Screening that is acceptable to the City of Mississauga will be required of the successful candidate 
ScrapedJobID41:
Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or Computer Science from an accredited university Must graduate after December 2022 Must continue enrollment in degree program upon completion of the internship Must be a Canadian citizen or permanent resident Understanding various software development lifecycle Demonstrate the ability to develop efficient and high-quality software Knowledge of software configuration management and change management practices Diverse and global teaming and collaboration Excellent oral and written communication skills Effective communicator Can quickly analyze, incorporate and apply new information and concepts Ability to consistently make timely decisions even in the face of complexity, balancing systematic analysis with decisiveness JOB ID: HRD900856 Category: Engineering Location: 3333 Unity Drive,Mississauga,Ontario,L5L 3S6,Canada Nonexempt 
ScrapedJobID42:
Participate in the analysis of current and future needs. Become familiar with the existing program code. Do programming and/or analysis based on existing standards. Verify results to ensure that the programs run properly. University degree in computer science or computer/software engineering or a minimum of 3 years of experience in professional software development Practical experience in C# software development (trainee placement or school/personal projects) Practical experience in the development of Web applications with Angular or a similar Javascript framework (React, Vue, etc.) Practical development experience using HTML, CSS, JavaScript; Bilingual (French/English) Knowledge of database development in SQL Knowledge of an Agile development environment Knowledge of WCF Web services development Knowledge of API REST development Knowledge of Dynamics CRM an asset Knowledge of enterprise software architecture techniques and industry best practices 
ScrapedJobID43:
Change the way consumers learn about finance with engaging software Opportunity to work with our clients, which are prominent organizations in the finance, education and non-profit space. Play a key role in developing our consumer engagement platform with modern software technologies – there is no legacy code! You will join a team that is passionate about helping consumers make informed decision about personal finance You will learn top notch JavaScript coding practices You will learn to build amazing looking software with pure SASS and flexbox You will become proficient with modern JavaScript frameworks including React.js and Node.js You will learn best practices in Agile software development methodology You will become fluent with continuous delivery processes Passionate about developing great looking web and mobile software Strong understanding of JavaScript. Knowledge of React.js and Node.js is a plus, but not required. Understanding of modern client and server side architectures Understanding of RESTful APIs Experience with Git and typical Git flow in team environment Great communication skills and eager-to-learn attitude Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift React: 1 year (required) HTML5: 1 year (required) CSS: 1 year (required) Python: 1 year (preferred) Angular: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID44:
Collaborate with team members to review requirements and interface and application design specifications Design beautiful interfaces with an elegant simplicity that will revolutionize an industry Implement sophisticated single page web applications with top-notch loading times Strong computer science fundamentals demonstrated through a degree in computer science or engineering, plus work experience in the field Experience with JavaScript and single page web applications (HTML5, CSS3) Python development Linux, git Exceptional attention to detail and focus on quality We work in tight-knit teams to maximize speed and cultivate an ownership mentality. We cherish curiosity and an obsession for details because we know these details are invaluable over the long run. We promote an environment where ideas are challenged. The best ideas win! We're hyperfocused on our achievements and our ability to execute on our promises. We act with urgency. It's not always about us.* We give back to our community to ensure it can grow.* We love to compete and have fun. Our game nights are legendary 
ScrapedJobID45:
Applies engineering principles to solve complex problems through sound and creative engineering. Quickly learns new engineering methods and incorporates them into his or her work processes. Seeks feedback and applies internal or industry best practices to improve his or her technical solutions. Demonstrates skill in time management and completing software projects in a cooperative team environment. Pursuing or have recently completed a bachelor's or master's degree in engineering, computer science or related field. One year of programming experience in an object-oriented language. Ability to demonstrate an understanding of computer science fundamentals, including data structures and algorithms. 
ScrapedJobID46:
You are between 15 and 29 years of age You are a resident of Ontario You are able to commit for the duration of the program Individuals from black communities, indigenous communities, visible minorities, persons with disabilities and women are encouraged to apply You have either studied or have experience in design, information technology (coding/ computing etc.), marketing or business Tuition reimbursement Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID47:
or equivalent experience Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Object-Oriented programming languages Java C C++ C# Python Scala Hadoop Fast-paced environment Attention to detail TCP/IP Spreadsheet MS Windows Internet Database software Networking software Networking security Extranet Intranet File management software Security software Presentation software Mail server software Web service design Mapping and data visualization software Database management MS Office Initiative Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Organized Medical Benefits 
ScrapedJobID48:
Able to write high quality code. The position will primarily involve programming in Go and Perl, but we are happy to hear from people with experience in other languages. A programming exercise will be given to all applicants. Comfortable developing for Linux or a similar platform. Experience writing tests and documentation. Excellent written and spoken communication skills. The ability to work with a geographically dispersed team. An interest in picking up new languages. Though most of our code is Perl and Go, we maintain open source libraries in several different languages. Open source contributions. Tell us about them! An interest in performance and security. Experience working with a cloud provider. Our systems run on Google Cloud Platform. Experience doing code reviews. Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID49:
or equivalent experience Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Research and evaluate a variety of software products Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Unix Spreadsheet Database software MAC JavaOS Servers Project management software Programming software Software development Enterprise Applications Integration (EAI) Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Organized 
ScrapedJobID50:
or equivalent experience School or educational institution/establishment Write, modify, integrate and test software code Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications XML Visual Basic VB Script Object-Oriented programming languages MySQL Java JavaScript JSP HTML CSS XML Technology (XSL,XSD,DTD) SQL Soap Ajax JQuery C# .NET ASP.NET Python React Native React.js Angular.js Model-View-Controller (MVC) TCP/IP Internet Database software Extranet Intranet Communication software Project management software HTML editing software Web service design Data analysis software Enterprise Applications Integration (EAI) Business diagram software API Business intelligence Remote work available Group Insurance Benefits 
ScrapedJobID51:
Apply @ LU Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Library Applicants Parents & Counselors Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Admissions Fees & Financing International Laurentian Online Important Dates Courses COVID-19 Academic Support Athletics Campus Recreation Campus Services Campus Safety Culture and Lifestyle Counselling Support myLaurentian Hub Research Centres Research Chairs Funding Opportunities Highlights Our People Strategic Research Plan Animal Care and Lab-Bio Safety CRCEF Program and EDI Strategy Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Ethics Intellectual Property Management Jim Fielding Innovation Space Perdue Central Analytical Facility ROMEO Research Support Fund News Faculties Careers Business Services Governance & Leadership Facts & Figures Francophone Affairs Indigenous Programs Policies & Accountability Contact Us Campus Maps About Us Benefits Convocation Events Our Stories Programs Stay Connected Hours of Operation Orientation Tuition fee exemption for eligible staff members and their dependents; Comprehensive employer paid health and dental benefits; Defined benefit pension plan; Employee and Family Assistance Program; Generous vacation time; Flexible or alternate work possibilities; Career development and training opportunities; Fitness centre and recreational facility discounts; Bicycle and pedestrian friendly campus; A supportive and flexible work environment. ) Support the ERP environment used by administration and faculty. This includes to:
create new programs, modify existing ones and troubleshoot any errors or bugs in an ERP environment such as Colleague;
understand the new program or modification and the existing environment and workflow;
determine the best course of action to program the modification;
test and verify the changes with the supervisor and the department. create new programs, modify existing ones and troubleshoot any errors or bugs in an ERP environment such as Colleague; understand the new program or modification and the existing environment and workflow; determine the best course of action to program the modification; test and verify the changes with the supervisor and the department. ) Assist in the customization of the Self Service software. This includes:
Modify the existing software to meet the requirements of the University in English and in French;
Program in Unibasic, HTML or javascript and troubleshoot.
Program in Visual Studio in .NET and C# environments.
Perform testing on developed code (initial and regression)
Develop APIs consumable by internal users using one or` more platform like Ellucian Web-Api and or custom API Modify the existing software to meet the requirements of the University in English and in French; Program in Unibasic, HTML or javascript and troubleshoot. Program in Visual Studio in .NET and C# environments. Perform testing on developed code (initial and regression) Develop APIs consumable by internal users using one or` more platform like Ellucian Web-Api and or custom API ) Maintain a clean codebase through effective use of repository management and version control (Team Foundation Server or Github). ) Perform other duties directly related to this position as assigned. Honours undergraduate degree (4 years) in computing; Three to five years of related experience; Programming experience in BASIC, e.g. Visual Basic and familiarity with 4GL languages; Experience with C#, ASP.NET, Entity Framework, MVC, Web API, JavaScript (including the KnockoutJS, jQuery and jQuery UI libraries), HTML5, JSON and XML with a solid understanding Object Oriented design techniques. Experience with database technologies: MSSQL, MySQL, etc Experience in working with XML and EDI; Knowledge of UNIX operating system; Experience in working with Client/Server applications; Ability to work as a team member and with very different functional environments and a variety of users; Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills; Ability to prioritize work and manage multiple tasks from multiple clients; Bilingualism (English and French) or willingness to attend French language training will be required; knowledge of an Indigenous language or demonstrated fluency is a definite asset. 
ScrapedJobID52:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Research and evaluate a variety of software products Program special effects software for film and video applications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Java JavaScript C++ Python React.js 
ScrapedJobID53:
Develop the web application across various full stack disciplines in collaboration with colleagues Develop and maintain our technical architecture including cloud hosting Lead development operations Help recruit and lead technical talent to build a highly capable team Help interpret business requirements and functional designs into technical specifications Help ensure quality is built into our product and processes, including designing and executing testing Establish maintenance, support and operational processes consistent with a B2B SaaS product Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Flexible schedule Paid time off Stock options Work from home Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) tech startup: 1 year (preferred) full stack web development: 3 years (required) UX design: 1 year (preferred) technical architecture design: 1 year (preferred) technical team leadership: 1 year (preferred) GIS: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID54:
Develop tools for management, analysis, and interpretation of –omics data Implement and execute –omics data processing workflows locally or in the cloud Create standardized summary tables, figures, and listings for –omics data Manage large -omics dataset collections including cloud import/export and data QC Write well-documented computer code and conduct code reviews and programming validation Conduct workflow benchmarking Identify inconsistencies and initiate resolution of data problems Prepare SOPs, document source code/workflows, and write reports to summarize computational requirements, processing status, and customized analysis results as needed Other responsibilities as assigned Bachelor’s degree in Bioinformatics, Computer Science, or a related field, and 2 years relevant experience Demonstrated computer programming skills in Python and/or Perl as well as R for statistical programming Competent in using Linux/Unix operating system command line interface Ability to develop and query relational databases (MySQL, SQLite, or similar) is a plus Experience using Eclipse, RStudio (or other IDEs) and Version Control software (Git, SVN, or similar) to manage programming code Familiarity with next-generation sequencing data and open-source bioinformatics tools Familiarity with AWS cloud computing (EC2 and S3) is a plus Ability to manage multiple tasks Ability to work independently, as well as in a team environment Ability to effectively communicate technical concepts, in both written and oral format 
ScrapedJobID55:
Experience working in an Agile development environment. Experience in testing large-scale systems such as ERP, Operations Management, CRM, Financial. Familiar with Microsoft ADO, and experience with monitoring metrics. 
ScrapedJobID56:
Co-developing requirements for new services, engaging in iterative development on infrastructure and applications, and supporting the operations team with adapting services in the live environment. Build, support, and lead operation of our internal services infrastructure. Operationalize services built for new technologies in concert with external operations and platform teams. Lead interface for operations and platform teams as they operate services supporting new technologies. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Information Science, or equivalent work experience 3+ years or more hands-on experience in designing, developing, implementing, and supporting services Experience with containerization and orchestration that surround their use (docker, containerd, Kubernetes, etc.) Experience with multiple cloud provider offerings, frameworks and the software ecosystems that surrounds their use. (e.g. AWS, Azure, OpenStack) Experience with scripting languages such as Bash, PowerShell, Python Experience with programming languages in one or more of the following Typescript/NodeJS, Python, C/C++, Java, Golang, C# Experience with monitoring, reporting, and logging tools at local and cloud scale Knowledge of version control systems and branching concepts (e.g. GitHub, Perforce) Experience using and/or developing build pipelines and workflows (e.g. Jenkins, Team City) Good understanding of OSI model fundamentals and applied experience with networking and NAT traversal Experience writing resilient, secure, well-tested, maintainable code Excellent verbal and written communication skills Excellent analytical and troubleshooting skills Windows & MacOS administration experience Experience using databases (e.g. MySQL, MongoDB, Azure CosmosDB, AWS DynamoDB, PostgreSQL) Experience using various storage solutions (Object/Block/File) Experience with various messaging technologies (e.g. RabbitMQ, ZeroMQ, AWS Firehose, Azure EventHub, Kafka) Exposure with one or more configuration management tools (e.g. Ansible, Puppet, Chef) Exposure to one or more infrastructure as code tools (e.g. Terraform, AWS CloudFormation, Azure Resource Manager, OpenStack Heat) Good understanding of DNS, TLS, and certificate management Experience configuring and implementing authNZ protocols with new services using common identity providers (e.g. Active Directory, LDAP, AWS Cognito) 
ScrapedJobID57:
Flexible vacation days Health and wellness spending accounts Flexibility to work from anywhere (we’re currently remote-first, but this applies beyond COVID-19) Build out environments and streamline deployments to AWS with containers. Build and maintain continuous integration (CI) and continuous deployment (CD) tools and processes. Provide operational support and guidance to other engineers to ensure production-ready code. Manage application logging and monitoring infrastructure. Experience running node.js applications. Experience with Postgres. Experience working with protected health information (PHI). Familiarity with penetration testing tools and vulnerability scanners. Familiarity with managing a VPN (e.g., OpenVPN). Experience with performance, scalability, and reliability issues of 24x7 SaaS application Monitor and maintain environment stability to meet SLAs. Proficiency with the Amazon AWS ecosystem (EC2, S3, RDS, ALB, ECS, KMS, IAM, Lambda, Code Build, Code Deploy, Route53, CloudTrail, etc.) Familiarity with building and deploying Docker containers, especially with ECS, Kubernetes, or Swarm. Experience managing infrastructure with terraform or Cloud Formation. Familiarity with cloud computing best practices. Significant Linux experience (any of RHEL/Amazon/Ubuntu). Proficiency with a scripting language (python/ruby). Ability to manage code repositories with Git. 
ScrapedJobID58:
Create new applications and modify existing programs to meet the needs of our internal customers Provide support for day-to-day inquiries over a wide range of applications Monitor usage of application software and investigate problems to improve operating efficiency and effectiveness Test application software to assure accuracy, integrity, and ability to achieve desired results Available for after hour support, on a rotation schedule. Minimum of 5 years of application development experience Comprehensive IBM i (AS/400) programming skills Excellent working knowledge of RPG, CL, SQL, DDS Familiarity with Integrated Language Environment (ILE) Minimum of 2 years of experience with SQL Excellent working knowledge of development tools such as Rational, SDA, SEU Experience with EDI would be an asset Exceptional written and oral communication skills along with the ability to communicate ideas clearly in both technical and user-friendly language Strong analytical, organizational and project management skills Experience with manufacturing ERP systems would be an asset Experience with java-based interfaces would be an asset 
ScrapedJobID59:
Degree or Diploma (preferably in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or similar) A natural aptitude for technology and a strong desire to expand your technical skill set. Exposure or familiarity with one or more programming languages (Python, JavaScript, Java, C, C++, C#). Exposure to one or more operating systems (Microsoft, Linux). Understanding of database and SQL. Able to commit to work for FDM for a minimum of two years working as an FDM consultant following the training period. Eligible to work in Canada. A chance to work for some of the most prestigious companies in the world. Opportunity to earn professional certifications related to your career path. Two-year contract in industry. Continuous career support and upskilling from FDM. Comprehensive and competitive benefits package. Access to a network of mentors and like-minded individuals. Industry recognized paid training. 
ScrapedJobID60:
Conducts recreation programs in a variety of settings, such as large groups, small groups and one-to-one Plans, implements and evaluates internal and external recreation programs focusing on emotional, intellectual, physical, social, and spiritual needs of the residents. Prepares rooms and equipment for recreation programs; lays out material for residents’ use; cleans up recreation areas; maintains proper care and level of supplies and equipment. Motivates and facilitates resident participation in recreation programs and resident involvement with the community. Documents resident progress evaluations, Admission Assessments and other reports as required. Maintains accurate resident participation records; analyzes data to assist in the development of appropriate programs. Assists in the training, supervision, and evaluation of volunteers and student placements. Follows safety, environmental and infection control practices as per facility policies. Two year post secondary diploma in Recreation Undergraduate degree in Recreation Current First Aid and CPR Certification The ability to work required shifts, weekends and holidays. Knowledge of techniques and equipment needed for a variety of recreation programs used in a therapeutic setting. Knowledge of basic computer skills Knowledge of human behavior as related to the recreational needs of institutional residents. Ability to display a high level of initiative, effort and commitment towards completing assignments efficiently. Expresses information to individuals or groups effectively. Listens to others and responds appropriately. Alzheimer’s & other Dementia Care course, U-First training preferred. Previous experience working with seniors in a Retirement Living or Long Term Care environment Company pension Dental care Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Vision care 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID61:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications Criminal record check Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Internet Software development MS Office Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID62:
Apply @ LU Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Library Applicants Parents & Counselors Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Admissions Fees & Financing International Laurentian Online Important Dates Courses COVID-19 Academic Support Athletics Campus Recreation Campus Services Campus Safety Culture and Lifestyle Counselling Support myLaurentian Hub Research Centres Research Chairs Funding Opportunities Highlights Our People Strategic Research Plan Animal Care and Lab-Bio Safety CRCEF Program and EDI Strategy Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Ethics Intellectual Property Management Jim Fielding Innovation Space Perdue Central Analytical Facility ROMEO Research Support Fund News Faculties Careers Business Services Governance & Leadership Facts & Figures Francophone Affairs Indigenous Programs Policies & Accountability Contact Us Campus Maps About Us Benefits Convocation Events Our Stories Programs Stay Connected Hours of Operation Orientation Tuition fee exemption for eligible staff members and their dependents; Comprehensive employer paid health and dental benefits; Defined benefit pension plan; Employee and Family Assistance Program; Generous vacation time; Flexible or alternate work possibilities; Career development and training opportunities; Fitness centre and recreational facility discounts; Bicycle and pedestrian friendly campus; A supportive and flexible work environment. ) Support the ERP environment used by administration and faculty. This includes to:
create new programs, modify existing ones and troubleshoot any errors or bugs in an ERP environment such as Colleague;
understand the new program or modification and the existing environment and workflow;
determine the best course of action to program the modification;
test and verify the changes with the supervisor and the department. create new programs, modify existing ones and troubleshoot any errors or bugs in an ERP environment such as Colleague; understand the new program or modification and the existing environment and workflow; determine the best course of action to program the modification; test and verify the changes with the supervisor and the department. ) Assist in the customization of the Self Service software. This includes:
Modify the existing software to meet the requirements of the University in English and in French;
Program in Unibasic, HTML or javascript and troubleshoot.
Program in Visual Studio in .NET and C# environments.
Perform testing on developed code (initial and regression)
Develop APIs consumable by internal users using one or` more platform like Ellucian Web-Api and or custom API Modify the existing software to meet the requirements of the University in English and in French; Program in Unibasic, HTML or javascript and troubleshoot. Program in Visual Studio in .NET and C# environments. Perform testing on developed code (initial and regression) Develop APIs consumable by internal users using one or` more platform like Ellucian Web-Api and or custom API ) Maintain a clean codebase through effective use of repository management and version control (Team Foundation Server or Github). ) Perform other duties directly related to this position as assigned. Honours undergraduate degree (4 years) in computing; Three to five years of related experience; Programming experience in BASIC, e.g. Visual Basic and familiarity with 4GL languages; Experience with C#, ASP.NET, Entity Framework, MVC, Web API, JavaScript (including the KnockoutJS, jQuery and jQuery UI libraries), HTML5, JSON and XML with a solid understanding Object Oriented design techniques. Experience with database technologies: MSSQL, MySQL, etc Experience in working with XML and EDI; Knowledge of UNIX operating system; Experience in working with Client/Server applications; Ability to work as a team member and with very different functional environments and a variety of users; Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills; Ability to prioritize work and manage multiple tasks from multiple clients; Bilingualism (English and French) or willingness to attend French language training will be required; knowledge of an Indigenous language or demonstrated fluency is a definite asset. 
ScrapedJobID63:
Research, evaluate and synthesize technical information to design, develop and test computer-based systems Plan, design and co-ordinate the development, installation, integration and operation of computer-based systems Assess, troubleshoot, document, upgrade and develop maintenance procedures for operating systems, communications environments and applications software Object-Oriented programming languages C# .NET Ruby Git Go Programming software Programming languages Software development Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits RRSP Benefits 
ScrapedJobID64:
Develop/modify new/existing features for the Cerence Cloud Service AppServers Play an active role in daily scrums, grooming sessions and sprint planning sessions Curious and not afraid of asking questions Willing to introduce new ideas Aiming at high software development standards Passionate about technology Core Java programming skills Core object-oriented development skills Experience with Git Experience with the Spring Framework Following workplace security protocols and training programs to familiarize with the ways to maintain a safe workplace. Following security procedures to report any suspicious activity. Having respect for corporate security procedures to allow those procedures to be effective. Adhering to company's compliance and regulations. Encouraging to follow a zero tolerance for workplace violence. 
ScrapedJobID65:
Deliver code that is well-documented, tested, and operable Independently take ownership over the completion and quality of your tasks and project Execute scoped technical tasks end-to-end in collaboration with cross-functional Pinployees to help build the future of Pinterest Effectively and proactively communicate new ideas and opinions with candor as you grow both professionally and personally through learning and development opportunities Completing a degree in Computer Science or related technical field Experience in previous software engineering internships Proficiency in a dynamic programming language such as Python Strong communication skills and product sense Passion for Pinterest and the ability to manage ambiguity and continually learn from your experiences 
ScrapedJobID66:
Improve the speed and overall quality of the internal operational software and app by writing JavaScript Architect, build and deploy internal features using NodeJS and React Native Assist in defining and implementing new features from prototype to delivery Partner with our in-house designer to craft beautiful and responsive user interfaces Minimum of an undergraduate degree in a related field (e.g. maths, engineering, software) Perfect fluency with JavaScript Experience with web development frameworks such as React and/or React Native Solid front end development skills (CSS/SCSS) Experience with cloud-hosted architectures a definite plus (SQL and RESTful APIs) Mobile development experience is an asset (IOS or Android) 
ScrapedJobID67:
2 years experience building web applications in Python, PHP and JavaScript Experience and passion for modern web development technologies, methodologies, and techniques: HTML 5, CSS 3, JavaScript / jQuery, AJAX, etc. Knowledge of REST APIs Experience in building data driven website applications and knowledge of relational databases Experience working within teams Extreme attention to detail Excellent writing and proofing skills Server Side Database MySQL etc. Innovative and proven problem-solving skills Knowledge of Linux commands is a plus Familiar with Apache, Server configuration etc. is a plus Experience with mobile development is a plus Bachlor's degree or higher in Software Engineering Bonus pay Company events Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID68:
Willing to learn new technologies, soft skills, and hard skills. .NET, C#, MVC, Sitecore, Sitecore Commerce, uCommerce, Coveo, and any other platform and technology that the Company work with. Web Development Learn Sitecore as a platform and understand how it works as a system Handle Level 1 and 2 support and be on call for support customers Study science graduate Be curious and love learning new things Be passionate about building things and finding solutions basic knowledge of C#, ASP.NET Knowledge of HTML, Javascript, CSS 
ScrapedJobID69:
Collaborate with your team lead to understand the overall game vision & design documentation. Identify bugs and develop test plans for your assigned feature (e.g. mission, AI, audio, UI, gameplay, engine, online, etc.). Follow up on functionality bugs found by internal + external teams, and coordinate their correction (sort, prioritize, and assign to the right developers). Work with other development testers to stay up to date, fix features, suggest solutions to setbacks, share knowledge, etc. Meet with the development team to discuss progress, provide your creative input, etc. Create custom game versions, reproducing bugs to evaluate their risks. Write and maintain documentation, detailing defects found and their sources. Contribute to coming up with ideas for automated tests & solutions to optimize the testing process. Create your own automated tests and analyze test results. Around 2 years of experience in quality control or quality assurance (or other relevant experience) Knowledge of bug tracking software (e.g. Jira) and test management tools (e.g. TestRail and Xray) Familiarity with networking and on-demand infrastructure Experience in programming (or notions of programming logic and scripting) and with game engines (e.g. Unity or Unreal) A degree in a video game-related program (or related training) An understanding of test principles and methodologies A highly collaborative, empathetic, and innovative spirit Critical thinking, attention to detail, curiosity, resourcefulness, and plenty of flexibility Excellent problem-solving, organizational, communication, and interpersonal skills A solid understanding of the development process & a passion for video games Your CV, highlighting your background and skills 
ScrapedJobID70:
Interns are responsible for developing and shipping a project and verifying that it works in production. Because things are changing fast at Affirm, we do not specify intern projects in advance, instead you will collaborate with your mentor and manager when you start to spec a project that will best contribute to your team. You will ship code and monitor the deployment of your work. Our intern projects are not isolated or intended to be thrown away: your team will depend on your contributions! We will pair you with a dedicated mentor who will be by your side to give advice and ensure the success of your project. You can expect to meet with them on a regular basis and receive feedback. You'll have the opportunity to attend events with other interns and full-time Affirmers! Past events have included cable car trolley tours, scavenger hunts, and Giants games. You will present your work to the entire engineering organization at the end of your internship. Passion and dedication to changing consumer banking for the better Experience with Python, C/C++ or Java Frontend experience in WebApps/JavaScript/AngularJS/React Strong communication skills Experience with object oriented programming Deployment and testing frameworks API development/documentation AWS or other PaaS frameworks 
ScrapedJobID71:
Help desk Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Java JavaScript HTML CSS Basic security clearance Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Handling heavy loads Manual dexterity Attention to detail Sound discrimination Sitting Tight deadlines JavaOS Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized Remote work available Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Dental Benefits 
ScrapedJobID72:
4+ years of modern JavaScript framework experience such as React, Vue, and Angular Exposure and working knowledge of the latest ES6+ features Experience consuming REST-style APIs in addition to single page application (SPA) experience Experience with build tools such as Webpack, Grunt, Gulp Experience with Vanilla CSS in addition to CSS framework such as Buefy, Vuetify, Bootstrap Server-side node.js experience Experience with CSS and SASS/SCSS Experience with CSS3/Sass features Comfortable working with a package manager such as NPM Mid-level experience with Git features: branching, merging, pull requests, etc Knowledge and syntactical proficiency of HTML5 spec Experience developing Shopify sites Experience with GraphQL 
ScrapedJobID73:
assist in gathering requirements and project specifications create websites and email templates from provided design concepts using standard HTML/CSS/JavaScript practices write and maintain technical documentation write clean, well-designed code identify and solve software issues experienced by clients. a post-secondary education in computer science or a related field or courses/programs specializing in website development 1-3 years of software development experience using web application technologies such as HTML, JavaScript, and CSS 1-3 years of experience with a database management system (SQL Server, MySQL, etc) knowledge of CMS platforms like WordPress or similar would be an asset knowledge of email deployment systems like Mailchimp, Constant Contact or similar would be an asset ability to work with database or spreadsheet data. strong understanding of CSS, Browser and Email Client relationships. awareness of and pride in 100% client satisfaction 
ScrapedJobID74:
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience. 3 years of software development experience, or 1 year with an advanced degree. Experience in Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go. Experience in web/mobile application development, Unix/Linux environments, distributed/parallel systems, information retrieval, networking, or systems/security software development. Master's degree, PhD degree, further education or experience in Computer Science or a related technical field. Experience with cloud development (AWS, Azure, Watson, etc.). Experience with kubernetes. Ability to write in English fluently. Ability to learn other coding languages as needed. Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software. Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables. 
ScrapedJobID75:
Find Solutions | Create technical solutions that fit the requirements presented to the team using the latest front-end technologies. Test, debug, and optimize web application performance. Create | Follow pre-existing programming paradigms and write clean re-usable code that is maintainable and follow any existing and/or new frameworks. Collaborate | Work together with design, creative, technology and project management. Discuss technical solutions with clients and provide innovative ideas to solutions. A builder | Entrepreneurial thinker coupled with strong technical skills. Open and collaborative | We are close-knit and supportive and we're working with a lot of unknowns – you champion encouraging team environments. Optimistic and focused | Dig in and figure out how to work around problems. You place an importance on the details and can manage your time across many projects. Ego-less | We all wear the hats that need wearing, it's a mentality that makes the team successful. 2+ years of experience in a similar role. Experience working with Agile methodology. Knowledge of LESS/SASS and client-side scripting languages and JavaScript frameworks such as React and jQuery. Experience with AODA an asset. Ability to clearly express ideas and ask intelligent questions. An enterprising approach and a desire to find creative solutions. Curiosity and passion for learning about testing strategies, tools, and automation. 
ScrapedJobID76:
Find Solutions | Create technical solutions that fit the requirements presented to the team using the latest front-end technologies. Test, debug, and optimize web application performance. Create | Follow pre-existing programming paradigms and write clean re-usable code that is maintainable and follow any existing and/or new frameworks. Collaborate | Work together with design, creative, technology and project management. Discuss technical solutions with clients and provide innovative ideas to solutions. A builder | Entrepreneurial thinker coupled with strong technical skills. Open and collaborative | We are close-knit and supportive and we're working with a lot of unknowns – you champion encouraging team environments. Optimistic and focused | Dig in and figure out how to work around problems. You place an importance on the details and can manage your time across many projects. Ego-less | We all wear the hats that need wearing, it's a mentality that makes the team successful. 2+ years of experience in a similar role. Experience working with Agile methodology. Knowledge of LESS/SASS and client-side scripting languages and JavaScript frameworks such as React and jQuery. Experience with AODA an asset. Ability to clearly express ideas and ask intelligent questions. An enterprising approach and a desire to find creative solutions. Curiosity and passion for learning about testing strategies, tools, and automation. 
ScrapedJobID77:
Develop WordPress websites using the Divi builder Perform updates for websites using Divi, Elementor, WPBakery, and other builders. Also updates related to WooCommerce and possibly other plugins. Create well-made designs Day shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID78:
Work planning, estimating, measuring and scheduling Development of computer applications Development of production processes Develop computer applications for machines and processes Read blueprints and drawings Set machine or equipment controls, oversee production and inspect processes Steel-toed safety boots Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Handling heavy loads Attention to detail Ability to distinguish between colours Combination of sitting, standing, walking Standing for extended periods Tight deadlines MS Excel MS Windows Computer numerical control (CNC) machines AutoCAD Networking software Networking security File management software Project management software Web service design Mapping and data visualization software Business diagram software Computer-aided design (CAD) Initiative Flexibility Team player Excellent oral communication Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID79:
Develop desktop application, web front end and back end Monitor the company's software development practices. Participate in levels 2 to 3 of application support on a global basis. Assist support level 1. Document existing and new operational and/or technical processes. Occasionally participate to support outside of work hours. Liaise with users, particularly to gather needs 10+ years of .Net development: C#, Web API 2 (REST), WCF (SOAP), Windows Form, Entity Framework, NHibernate, SQL: MS SQL Server. Tools: Git, JIRA, Visual Studio, Visual Studio Code, TeamCity, IIS, OWIN. Platform: Windows 10 (desktop) and Windows Server (2012-2016). Web development using: JavaScript, TypeScript, Angular, Bootstrap, CSS, JQUERY, HTML. Knowledge of IIS Server. Knowledge of Linux systems. Good written and verbal communication skills. Analytical skills. Ability to work with teams in different time zones. Experience in financial products and financial industry business. BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent English French helpful, but not required Join an international group of IT Consulting Service, committed to the digital transformation of its customers for 20 years. Join a Canadian group with more than 100 consultants, working in an agile and pragmatic way with large companies (Finance, Insurance, Telecommunications, Services, Distribution, Public sector) by combining consulting services / technological expertise / innovation / ability to deliver and deploy projects Join dynamic teams, where the role of the employee is at the center of attention, with the desire to create spaces allowing everyone to flourish Have the opportunity to access the different communities to contribute to development and to innovate, all with a strong team spirit and entrepreneurship 
ScrapedJobID80:
or equivalent experience Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Criminal record check Public transportation is available 
ScrapedJobID81:
Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Organized Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits Pension Plan Benefits Vision Care Benefits 
ScrapedJobID82:
or equivalent experience Search Engine Optimization (SEO) WordPress PHP JavaScript HTML CSS JQuery Python Microsoft Dynamics AX (x++) PowerBuilder Criminal record check Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Sitting Willing to relocate Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID83:
In Depth knowledge of HTML and CSS Experience building apps using a JavaScript framework like React Experience in RESTful API consumption, caching and error handling An ability to easily evolve user interface designs into JSX or equivalent Comfortable with code reviews, git protocol and npm scripts Knowledge of application profiling, optimisations and debugging Proactive and eager to learn more Built mobile apps with React Native Used state managers such as Redux, MobX or GraphQL Written automated tests with a test suite like Jest Knowledge of Google Analytics or another tracking tool C++, C# or Java experience Knowledge of Typescript is an asset Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID84:
Data manipulation and analysis System integration Consulting firm Collect and document user's requirements and develop logical and physical specifications Research, evaluate and synthesize technical information to design, develop and test computer-based systems Develop data, process and network models to optimize architecture and to evaluate the performance and reliability of designs Plan, design and co-ordinate the development, installation, integration and operation of computer-based systems Assess, troubleshoot, document, upgrade and develop maintenance procedures for operating systems, communications environments and applications software Lead and co-ordinate teams of information systems professionals in the development of software and integrated information systems, process control software and other embedded software control systems SQL Python React.js Scala Angular.js Hadoop R Criminal record check Valid driver's licence Attention to detail Tight deadlines Programming languages Software development SQL Data analysis software Mapping and data visualization software MS Office Business intelligence Cloud Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Remote work available Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits Pension Plan Benefits RRSP Benefits Vision Care Benefits 
ScrapedJobID85:
or equivalent experience C C++ C# 5-10 people Programming software Programming languages Software development Initiative Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Reliability Organized Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID86:
Assess, plan for, and implement the learning plan that supports COVID 19 operations and ensure that program personnel have the skills and knowledge required to perform their assigned responsibilities Identify target learners and forecasts the number of classes, participants, timing, session counts, and general course planning Coordinate, maintain and prepare course schedules, attendance sheets, records, and all necessary course logistics. Identify, assess, and analyze gaps in current learning solutions through systematic evaluation of participant confidence in skills acquired and instructor feed back. Engage volunteers and staff in learning projects on an on-going basis and provide evaluation/feedback for each project assignment completed. University degree or community college diploma in one or more of the following disciplines: adult education, volunteer management, or a related field. Minimum three (2) years experience at a community-based program level, with demonstrated experience in relationship management and relationship development. Fluency (speaking, reading, and writing) in English and French is a definite asset. Analytic and problem-solving skills, ability to take initiative and think through next steps / prioritize items to complete and multitask with attention to details Interpersonal skills and sensitivity to interact effectively and build on-going relationships with small and large groups of volunteers, staff, and external partners. Knowledge of computer software for the development of project plans, presentations, documents, records management, web sites, and multimedia content. Knowledge of program planning and budgeting processes. Must be able to successfully complete an Enhanced Police Information check. Current First Aid & CPR certification or willingness to take training Full vaccination against COVID-19 is mandatory for this position and operation (the CRC will however adhere to its duty to accommodate those who are unable to be fully vaccinated for a reason related to a human right protected ground) 
ScrapedJobID87:
Eager and willing to learn Strong communication skills; you will be speaking with clients Strong ability to problem solve Would have some experience in web development (JavaScript, TypeScript, CSS, etc.) Would have some education, eg.: Computer Systems Technology Diploma or B.Sc Computer Science. If you don't have any formal education, but feel like you'd be a good fit, please do not hesitate to apply. Experience in WordPress would be considered an asset One-on-one mentorship with experienced software engineer to help you hone your software development skills Robust benefits package Located in the Concourse Building at Innovation Place, you have access to the parks facilities including the Gym, Racket ball courts, games rooms, cafes, special events and more Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking RRSP match Vision care Wellness program 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID88:
Working closely with a team of project managers, designers and developers to implement client business requirements for building event registration sites Coding business logic through SQL stored procedures, functions and .NET custom controls Adhoc data mining by writing custom database queries Travelling onsite to events as technical support (if and when safe to do so). 1+ years experience and understanding of ASP.NET web applications in C# 1+ years experience and understanding of relational databases using SQL 1+ years experience with Microsoft development stack: Visual Studio, Azure, SQL Server Proficiency in HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript Experience with responsive design Familiarity with browser testing and debugging Familiarity with REST APIs and web services Up to date with the latest design trends and patterns. Capable of handling heavy workload within established time frames Ability to adapt to frequent changes in workload and adjust quickly as circumstances dictate Strong communication and collaboration skills Can work independently and initiate with little direction. 
ScrapedJobID89:
Craft scalable JavaScript and Python code to integrate with customer websites, apps, and APIs Flex your Javascript muscle to design/develop single page web apps that use Redux Work with Django in a microservices architecture Implement APIs over HTTP and gRPC Strong computer science fundamentals demonstrated through a degree in computer science or engineering, plus work experience in the field Experience with JavaScript and single page web applications (HTML5, CSS3) Python development Linux, git Exceptional attention to detail and focus on quality We work in tight-knit teams to maximize speed and cultivate an ownership mentality. We cherish curiosity and an obsession for details because we know these details are invaluable over the long run. We promote an environment where ideas are challenged. The best ideas win! We're hyperfocused on our achievements and our ability to execute on our promises. We act with urgency. It's not always about us. We give back to our community to ensure it can grow. We love to compete and have fun. Our game nights are legendary. 
ScrapedJobID90:
Fully program Mobile applications (business logic, UI, animations, databases using REST APIs, etc). Deploy iOS applications to the App Store. Deploy Android applications to the Google Play. Take part in planning, technical discussions, and problem solving. We are looking for someone who can actively contribute to solutions. Take part in UX/UI discussions. Documentations. Any other related tasks. Minimum 1 year hands-on React Native or Flutter, or alternatively, iOS or Android native mobile app development experience. Minimum 1 year of live APP project experience troubleshooting, diagnosing, prototyping, gathering requirements or supporting mobile app development as part of a team. Have a good understanding of mobile platforms and know mobile app operations inside and out. Minimum 1 year of live Web project development experience. Knowledge and experience with crypto-currency and smart contract is a plus. Common skill: JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Git, Firebase, Google Cloud. Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site parking Paid time off Store discount Vision care Wellness program 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID91:
A degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering (or related training) In-depth knowledge of JavaScript (ES6/2015+) Experience building mobile web apps, preferably with React Native Experience with RESTful API consumption, caching, and error handling Familiarity with Git, pull requests, and CI/CD workflows Experience with GraphQL (or a strong willingness to learn) A passion for clean architecture and future-proof code + a desire to stay up to date in web tech A collaborative and innovative spirit Experience with a client state manager, like Apollo Client Experience with automated testing frameworks such as Jest Experience with profiling and optimizing your creations Experience with native mobile development (either native projects or writing plugins for React Native) Your CV, highlighting your background, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID92:
Use leading edge technologies to produce n-tier enterprise applications. Analyze functional specifications and create and document technical designs. Develop high-quality code that meets our product specifications and technical standards. Conduct unit testing and assist Quality Assurance staff to successfully complete QA and integration testing. Provide technical guidance and assistance to team members. Meet critical project deadlines, doing whatever it takes. Provide second-level support to internal staff members and clients as required. Visual Studio 2013-2019, .NET and C# are a must (experience with version 4.5 or later is required) Working experience with WPF/MVVM building desktop applications will be considered an asset. Must have ORM experience. Knowledge of Entity Framework 6.x will be considered an asset. Must have working experience with MS-SQL Server, T-SQL and Stored Procedures. Dependency Injection, Unit Testing, TDD, WCF, Team Foundation Server, MS Reporting Services and Windows Workflow Foundation are assets Good understanding of MS-SQL, T-SQL, Stored Procedures; Familiarity with CLR assemblies is an asset Minimum of Bachelor Degree in Computer Science or related field is required. Minimum 2 to 5 years of software development experience with above technologies/frameworks. Experience with Kanban methodology, continuous integration and TDD. Proven prior work experience developing large and complex applications. Relational database-driven and n-tier application development experience. Solid understanding of and experience with the software development life cycle. Self-starter that can work in an agile environment with little oversight and direction. Pride and craftsmanship in the work that you do. 
ScrapedJobID93:
You will be embraced by a massive community of like-minded individuals You will level up your skills and experience what true mastery feels like You will get your fingerprints on really cool stuff Casual and flexible work environment, including the opportunity to work fully remote Competitive company-paid benefits plan Generous professional development budget Half day Fridays in the summer and extended holiday break in December An Ottawa office that offers collaborative workspaces, an in-office pool table, golf simulator, large kitchen and more! Develop software specifications that tailor case management solutions to our clients’ unique business needs Act as the link between our clients and our technical team, while working collaboratively with developers and testers Elicit requirements from clients varying in size (2-25+ stakeholders) while ensuring customer satisfaction as the primary deliverable Document process flows, business requirements and configurations Work alongside the Delivery Manager to determine project schedule while planning and leading sprint sessions Participate in activities to assist with process and documentation improvements Proven track record in analysis and implementation of business software applications Experience in a similar private sector role Ability to travel 10-20% of the time (once travel restrictions lift) Ability to multitask and prioritize competing responsibilities Excellent interpersonal skills and commitment to outstanding customer service Strong communication skills, both verbal and written, with a superior command in English Software programming knowledge would be considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID94:
Work hands on with a talented team of developers Refine your knowledge of web based applications Resolve technical challenges related to calendaring Work with a degree of autonomy and deliver incredible solutions with minimal guidance Adapt quickly to changes in business requirements and new priorities Define, design, and implement object-oriented distributed software applications Stay current with trends, techniques, technology and other factors impacting the job Collaborate, Collaborate, Collaborate! Actively participate in team meetings and offer recommendations / ideas on design projects Actively share and receive feedback with your team

WHAT YOU BRING TO THE TEAM BS/MS in Computer Science or equivalent Experience writing / working with REST and associated technologies (JWT, JWE, JSON-API, etc) Experience in object-oriented programming, preferably (but not restricted to) PHP Experience in server-side software development (Laravel) Experience with front end technologies such as javascript (React, Redux, Axios) and CSS/SASS Experience working with command line interfaces Understand the concepts behind/practice with TDD Interest in docker, kubernetes, and other container technologies Interest in utilizing best practices when building integrations to third party systems Interest in developing a security first mentality MariaDB (MySQL) experience Critical thinker with keen problem-solving skills and great attention to detail Sense of ownership and pride in your performance and its impact on company’s success You push yourself to grow, learn and innovate and sitting idle or stagnant drives you nuts. You’re looking for an opportunity to prove yourself where you can make a genuine impact and where your contribution is recognized (More than 22% of our team was promoted internally last year alone!) Health & Dental Benefits featuring Virtual Care Annual Wellness Spending Account Remote Work Opportunities Employee Stock Option Purchase Plan Internet Subsidy Social Committee Activities Professional Development Competitive Salaries - we want to pay you fairly based on your experience and expertise, not your ability to negotiate! Cabana Days - 8 additional paid days off annually Tiki Bucks Incentive Program A People First Company - 4.8 rating on Glassdoor 
ScrapedJobID95:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Group Insurance Benefits Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID96:
Manufacture Startup company C SQL Python Programming languages Software development SQL Cloud Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Judgement Organized Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits RRSP Benefits Vision Care Benefits 
ScrapedJobID97:
Background in PHP and MySQL Proficient understanding of code versioning tool, Git Symfony, API knowledge and OAuth Server is preferred Strong organization and time management skills Experience in agile development strategy is preferred Full stack development experience is preferred 
ScrapedJobID98:

ScrapedJobID99:
Participate in the design, development and review of the UI Design. Develop and deploy front end solutions to match the UI Design; Be on top of trends and technology concerning UI and Front End; Participate in the creation of unit tests and integration tests Be comfortable in either Kanban or Scrum methodologies. Ensure efficient, resilient and secure application development Help stakeholders manage contents via content management systems 4 years of post secondary education, or an equivalent combination of studies and experience At least 5 years of experience in software design and C # development Experience in Web development (.NET, C #, HTML5, bootstrap, Restful API, XML, CSS3, Ajax, JSON, ASP.net) UI / UX design experience and ability Knowledge of TFS, and JIRA. Familiarity with Content Management System and their concepts (Word Press experience is a plus) Extended Health Care Monday to Friday Software Development: 4 years (Preferred) Montréal, QC (Required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID100:
Bachelor's degree in Software Engineering or Computer Science, Computer Systems Technology Diploma, or related technical degree, diploma or certificate Proficiency in modern software language (JavaScript) Must be a permanent Canadian resident (Optional) Proficiency / interest in marketing Develop software with the ability to take on tasks and independently work on them to completion Follow best practices to write clean, maintainable, scalable, and tested software Maintain and improve the performance of existing software Clearly and regularly communicate with management and development team Test and maintain software to ensure strong functionality and optimization Recommend improvements to existing software programs as necessary Company events Dental care Extended health care Vision care Wellness program 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID101:
Develop and Maintain integrations which support the Canadian Tire Finance Team. These integrations span a variety of technologies, so we are looking for someone willing and eager to expand their expertise beyond a single stack. Fully participate in detailed design, estimation, testing and documentation. Create, refine, and maintain user stories and associated deliverables to meet development and stakeholder needs Contribute to a collaborative team environment by facilitating information sharing and team cooperation. Participate in Agile Practices. Participate in code and design reviews. Provide technical and design support for other team members (e.g. QA, BA’s) Be available to support after hour activities (e.g. deployments, incident investigation) when necessary Engage in ongoing skills development and knowledge acquisition Be cognizant of security, organizational risk, PCI, and business at all stages of the software delivery lifecycle Recognized University Degree or College Diploma Experience in an Agile Scrum Delivery environment Minimum of 5 years experience developing business solutions with a cross section of following technologies: Tibco Messaging (EMS, IIB, JMS) Linux & Windows Scripting Both on-prem and cloud hosted solutions (Azure) Test Driven Development / Automated Unit Testing API Services Exposure to any of the following would be beneficial: DataStage ESP (Scheduling Automation) IMS, JCL, TSO Exposure to Source Control, Automated Unit tests and Continuous Delivery Excellent communication skills The ability to work with management, other development teams and product owners to effectively and efficiently deliver solutions which meet business needs. Experience with Financial Systems Experience using Atlassian Project tools like Jira/Confluence/Bitbucket Solid verbal and written communications skills Ability and desire to mentor others on best practices. 
ScrapedJobID102:
Creating responsive layouts for multiple viewports Working with and writing PHP code Using and writing code for WordPress 
ScrapedJobID103:
or equivalent experience Startup company Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Program special effects software for film and video applications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications Bondable Criminal record check Internet access Cellular phone Own transportation Valid driver's licence Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Remote work available Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits Vision Care Benefits Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID104:
Recommends, designs, documents, develops, and revises computer solutions for requirements (and problems) of varying complexity Provides technical assistance and coordinates the development and integration of programs Plans, documents and executes software implementation, including rollback strategies, and coordinating activities with other IT teams and clients, following best practices for deployment and communication Develops queries, and advises team members on functionality, and instruction to locate and extract data Estimates time and cost of system development activities and reports progress against estimates to management, Program/Project Managers, and project team members Prepares and maintains detailed user and operations documentation to ensure service levels can be measured and achieved, and to meet audit requirements for safeguarding software, data and business continuity Evaluates the need for, and develops general-purpose routines, utilities and command procedures Prepares test data, test scripts and/or test environments, conducts testing (logic, usability, integration, security, and acceptance), debugs programs, and supports user acceptance testing Provides training and guidance on the use of computer systems and software Experience with the software development lifecycle, and common models (agile, Kanban, iterative, waterfall, etc.) with familiarity in best software practices including source code control, requirements gathering and unit testing Keeps up‑to‑date with developments in programming techniques and languages, operating systems, and database management software May provide technical direction to junior technical staff, clients or consultants Other duties/responsibilities, as assigned Completion of a Computer Systems Technologies two year diploma course at a technical institute plus sound experience in programming; OR an equivalent combination of training and experience Minimum 2 years proven experience in software development in a project environment for a range of environments and platforms 2+ years developing in the .NET (4.7+) or .NET CORE (2.1+) environment, Web API, RESTful API, MVC, Web Services, and rapid application development platforms (e.g. OutSystems) 2+ years of experience working with SQL Server 2016 & above, Oracle PL/SQL, ADO.NET, Entity Framework, and building database reports (e.g. SSRS, Crystal Reports, SSIS) 1+ years of experience in JavaScript, JQuery, and frontend frameworks such as React and AngularJS 1+ years of experience with API Management and Integration Platforms (API design, gateways, analytics) 1+ years in writing Unit Tests, Functional tests, and test automation (e.g. Selenium) 1+ years with ASP.NET deployment techniques, CI/CD continuous integration / delivery, deployment automation, GIT, DacPac 2+ years of experience with application design/development/deployment, user interface design, data integration, data extraction, data analysis, reporting, and database design 2+ years of experience using documentation, testing, trouble-shooting, and security tools and techniques 2+ years of experience with problem definition, requirements definition, analysis and solution techniques applicable to systems and procedures Thorough working knowledge of office productivity tools (e.g. Windows, MS Office, MS Project, Visio, etc.), web development and client server coding languages, database tools and integrated development environment General experience with information technology concepts for networking, and operating systems Strong analytical and problem solving skills Combination of strong technical and business skills required Demonstrated ability to work both independently and as a member of a team Excellent oral, written and presentation skills with ability to communicate to all levels of the organization Ability to manage projects, multiple priorities and respond to requests in a timely manner Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships both internally and externally with technical and non-technical staff Ability to handle business critical and sensitive information Demonstrated ability to work under pressure, manage multiple priorities and respond to requests in a timely manner Continuous improvement and continuous learning mindset 
ScrapedJobID105:
Write product code along with test automation to deliver against project timescales, quality and requirements Participate in software design in line with technical strategy, quality and functionality Provide clear updates on progress against assigned tasks Build and maintain an effective relationship with team members Estimate time and resource allocation for product requirements as related to individual projects Experience developing code in any language Ability to learn new skills quickly and apply them to the role Natural problem solver who enjoys being challenged Ability to organize own time to deliver against tasks set by others Ability to build stable and useful working relationships Experience writing software using C, C++ or similar Scripting using Python Our people are what makes Sophos special – we demonstrate shared vision, talent, innovation, and creativity, all of which are accompanied by a great sense of fun and team spirit. Employee-led diversity and inclusion groups that build community within Sophos and provide internal education and advocacy (eg. Sophos Women in Tech group to improve gender parity, encourage gender-balanced leadership, and support career progression at Sophos) Sophos Environment Network and employee challenges to contribute to sustainability and reduce our environmental footprint Annual commitment to charity and fundraising across our global sites and volunteer days for employees to give back to local communities Global trivia competitions to keep our minds sharp Global Mental Health days off work for all Sophos to help employees relax and recharge Monthly employee wellbeing webinars and training to support employee health and wellbeing Employee rewards and thanks, such as our free annual subscription to Calm 
ScrapedJobID106:
E-sport tools both for tournament organization and streaming; Internal transversal tools that target internal developers; Products to enable Ubisoft content indexation and search. Develop and maintain web applications, databases and APIs targeting both internal and external clients; Identify and troubleshoot system deficiencies and recommend solutions; Work closely with teammates for designing, coding, and test-plan reviews to help build robust applications and foster knowledge sharing; Participate in code reviews; Work alongside DevOps team to ensure the support of developed applications in all environments. You are proficient with .NET Core ecosystem (ASP.NET Core, Entity Framework…) You have experience with relational and non-relational databases You already worked with AWS (or Azure) You master the web ecosystem, and you understand (or already worked with) technologies like Web Sockets, Graphql or WebRTC You are familiar with different caching strategies You have an ability to work as part of a team with good communication & interpersonal skills, written and spoken. 
ScrapedJobID107:
Collaborate with other developers and engineers to design, build, and maintain applications Build serverless applications using AWS Cloud Write and debug code Troubleshoot software issues Provide on-call support as necessary Work in a cloud computing environment; understand the philosophy and methodology of cloud computing; understand and master Amazon Web Services (AWS) You have a Bachelor’s degree in computer science, software engineering, or a related field You have experience writing code in JavaScript (React JS, Node JS, Angular) You have experience using SQL to update and retrieve data You have experience with database management and security a plus You have demonstrated experience with AWS Services a plus You have good analytical skills You have good communication skills You are bilingual. Competitive salary with bonus potential Incentive programs to recognize when sales targets are met (applies to branch network employees only) A minimum of 3 weeks paid vacation (prorated to your start date) Flexible Health and Dental Benefits Access to Dialogue, which will allow you to virtually consult healthcare professionals Employer Sponsored Pension Plan Personal days and sick days Tuition Assistance Programs Paid volunteer day and organized volunteering events across the country Ongoing Learning and Development Training Referral Incentives up to $5000.00 
ScrapedJobID108:
Temporarily due to COVID-19 Commission pay Profit sharing Monday to Friday Weekend availability Yes 
ScrapedJobID109:
Developing the front-end of the various tools 6ix employs Running comprehensive usability tests to ensure it meets the highest standards possible. Ensuring our product runs seamlessly on all devices and browsers. Develop and implement strategies on how to enhance the user experience across our products. Collaborate with back-end developers to integrate with their solutions. Build reusable code and libraries for future use and follow emerging technologies. Track your key performance indicators (KPIs) and be accountable to achieving them. Communicate and coordinate closely with team members and manager to ensure that deliverables are of high-quality and on-time. 5 years experience in a similar role. Fluent in HTML, CSS (critical) Fluent in Bootstrap, Angular JS, ReactJS, Ember. Must have experience with the latest Angular Framework 2/4/6/7/8/9. Experience working with server-side CSS pre-processing platforms like LESS, SASS. Experience working with client-side scripting and Javascript frameworks. Familiarity with design tools (Figma, Sketch, Photoshop) Solid understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and work arounds Experienced in cloud-based solutions and responsive design. Experience working in an Agile environment. A bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related degree. Excellent communication skills and an ability to work as part of a time in a fast-moving environment. Excellent organizational skills and an ability to set and meet ambitious targets. 
ScrapedJobID110:
10 hour shift 12 hour shift 8 hour shift Day shift Night shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID111:
You will design, develop, modify, debug and/or maintain software code according to functional, non-functional, and technical design specifications. You will follow Amdocs software engineering standards, applicable software development methodology and release processes, to ensure code is maintainable, scalable, and supportable, and demo the software products to stakeholders. You will work with Amdocs customers to understand their business requirements and build solutions to meet their needs You will investigate issues by reviewing/debugging code, provide fixes and workarounds, and review changes for operability to maintain existing software solutions. You will work within a team, collaborate, and add value through participation in peer code reviews, provide comments and suggestions, and work with cross functional teams to achieve goals. You will provide technical support for issue resolution, customer inquiries and solution design regarding Amdocs products and solutions You will be encouraged to actively look for innovation, continuous improvement, and efficiency in all assigned tasks. Bachelor's degree in Science/IT/Computer Science or equivalent Strong technical, analytical, problem solving, and communication skills Required knowledge in C++, Java, SQL & Unix Experience with the Spring framework components - Spring Boot, MVC, Integration, Security, etc. Good understanding of RESTful APIs and open systems Experience with continuous integration and deployment. (CI/CD) Knowledge of a public cloud technology stack (AWS or Azure or Google Cloud) Amdocs is dedicated to your success as a technology professional. This is an opportunity to be an instrumental member of an industry leader and work with our industry's most sophisticated technologies. You will be exposed to the latest training in the industry both internally and externally. You will have the opportunity to work in a growing organization, with ever-growing opportunities for personal growth. We are a dynamic, multi-cultural organization that constantly innovates and empowers our employees to grow. Our people our passionate, daring, and phenomenal teammates that stand by each other with a dedication to creating a diverse, inclusive workplace. We offer a wide range of stellar benefits including health, dental, vision, and life insurance as well as paid time off, sick time, 5 hours a month for volunteering and parental leave! 
ScrapedJobID112:
Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) programming: 1 year (required) full stack development: 1 year (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID113:
Accommodations for job applicants with disabilities are available upon request. 
ScrapedJobID114:
Conduct tactical development to solve real time problems for officers in the field. Engage with operational stakeholders to ensure requirements & objectives are understood and met to ensure the best possible solution for the operation. Collaborate with domestic & foreign intelligence partners to solve problems, conduct joint projects and share technical knowledge. Computer Science with a software or network/computer security focus. Engineering with a software or network/computer security focus. Experience developing software using one (1) or more of the following compiled languages C/C++, C#, objective C, Java. Experience developing software using one (1) or more of the following scripting languages: Perl, Python, Bash, Lua, Javascript. Experience adhering to software development best practices and software design methodologies. Experience working with network protocols (e.g. TCP/IP, SSL, DNS) Experience with configuring and/or manipulating networking devices or their software stacks (e.g. WiFi access points, switches, routers, firewalls, etc). Experience in mobile application development on mobile operating systems Experience in development involving the use of encryption and cryptographic algorithms Experience developing applications accessing RDBMS databases such as : Oracle, MySQL, Postgres Experience developing applications accessing queues such as : Rabbit Q, MQSeries Experience developing applications processing a high volume of data in a mission critical and high availability environment, using parallel processing, threading techniques and clustering approach Innovation/Creativity/Ingenuity Adaptability/Flexibility Communication Problem Solving Collaboration English Essential Bilingual non-imperative (BBB/BBB) Salary Grade Breakdown 
ScrapedJobID115:
Aptitude in software development fundamentals Previous experience with web development or a strong desire to ramp up quickly on it (React, Node JS), A pragmatic viewpoint to deliver the simplest technical solution that meets the requirements, and not to use technology for the sake of it An openness to write code that conforms to the best practices and policies of a large software organization, not just your personal preferences A desire to take ownership and pride in everything you do and stand by what you deliver Readiness to hit the ground running – you may not know how to solve everything right off the bat, but you will put in the time and effort to understand so that you can The internship will be for a period of 12 or 16 months. Co-op or internship program enrollment is mandatory Currently enrolled in a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field Coding across the entire stack – UI, Services and Data Unit testing, test-driven development and test automation engineering in a real-world SaaS environment Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) using Amazon Web Services (AWS) A technology toolbelt that includes leading edge languages and tools with knowledge on when and why to use them How to work as an individual contributor on a large software team How an SDLC (software development life cycle) works in industry and scales to large teams releasing multiple interrelated software component multiple times per day How to get your code into production to be used by real customers How to adopt industry best practices in all of your projects - TDD (test driven development), CI/CD (continuous integration and continuous delivery), IaC (Infrastructure as Code), linting, static code analysis Software and system architecture best practices, such as a microservice architecture and serverless computing, that allows a complex business application to scale to millions of users in a cost-effective manner An agile development environment delivering software features to production every day Team lunches, team events, flexible work environment A relentless desire to continuously improve 
ScrapedJobID116:
or equivalent experience Android Microsoft Visual Studio Eclipse Consulting firm Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Program special effects software for film and video applications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Servlet PHP Java JavaScript JSP HTML DHTML CSS XML Technology (XSL,XSD,DTD) Python Angular.js Hadoop Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Relocation costs covered by employer Spreadsheet MS Windows Internet JavaOS Networking software Mail server software Project management software Programming software HTML editing software Web service design Software development Website creation and management software MS Office API Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID117:
Casual dress Company events Dental care Discounted or free food Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday JavaScript framework (React, Angular etc): 1 year (preferred) SQL: 1 year (preferred) academic software or electrical engineering studies: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID118:
1 year of front-end email development Experience building table-based HTML email layouts Experience building responsive email from scratch Experience using Salesforce Marketing Cloud (formerly ExactTarget) or another email deployment platform Experience testing HTML emails in Litmus Confidence without ego A glass-half-full type – positive attitude takes you places Focused on every last detail because you get the big picture Eager to question things – there is opportunity in questions Accountable – even when that means highlighting a mistake Eager to make those around you better Always up for a challenge Monday to Friday front-end email development: 1 year (required) building table-based HTML email layouts: 1 year (required) building responsive emails from scratch: 1 year (required) using email deployment platform: 1 year (required) English (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID119:
Write maintainable, testable, and performant software in collaboration with our world class team Participate in code review and performing extensive testing to ensure high quality software Research new technology and tools and share those findings with the team Communicate clearly and effectively with all members of our team Started and currently be enrolled in a Computer Science, Software Engineering, or similar program in a University or College Strong command of important core programming and computer science concepts Fundamental knowledge of core web principals (HTTP, browsers, the DOM, SSL, web servers) Good understanding & experience in HTML/CSS/JavaScript or native Android/iOS development Great interpersonal skills - we work very closely together as a team and require a lot of communication Proactive personality, and a desire to deliver your best work A love for improving software development workflows/process Mentorship Program Campus Ambassador Program Service Recognition Programs Socials, Outings & Retreats Culture of Learning & Development Flexible Working Hours Work from Home Flexibility 
ScrapedJobID120:
Experience working in an Agile development environment. Experience in testing large-scale systems such as ERP, Operations Management, CRM, Financial. Familiar with Microsoft ADO, and experience with monitoring metrics. 
ScrapedJobID121:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required XML PHP MySQL Java JavaScript JSP HTML DHTML CSS ASP JQuery C# ASP.NET Own transportation Work under pressure Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines MS Windows Internet Database software JavaOS Networking software Networking hardware 3D graphic software Programming software Software development Website creation and management software MS Office Accurate Team player Excellent written communication Organized 
ScrapedJobID122:
Analyser les exigences de fonctionnalité ; Faire le design technique, l’implémentation et la révision des systèmes selon les délais spécifiques; Écrire des algorithmes et du code de qualité en C++/Java/C#; Investiguer et régler les bogues client et serveur; Avoir la capacité d’évoluer dans un environnement de développement multi-plateformes; Peut être appelé à se déplacer à l’étranger pour assister les autres studios («field engineering»), le cas échéant, pour de court séjours; Intégrer des solutions optimales en termes d’utilisation des ressources matérielles, en particulier réseau; Contribuer positivement à l’atteinte des objectifs du projet et de l’équipe Diplôme universitaire en programmation, génie logiciel, génie informatique ou l’équivalent Au moins 3 ans d’expérience dans l’industrie du jeu vidéo ou des télécommunications à titre de Programmeur; Minimum d’un titre publié – au moins 1 à titre de programmeur réseau en jeu vidéo Solide expérience avec TCP/IP, «sockets», Winsock, BSD (ou autres piles TCP/IP) A l’aise avec les concepts d’assurance qualité tel que les tests unitaires et de régressions Bonne connaissance des services Xbox live et PSN tant aux niveaux «end-user», API et TCR Expérience avec les bases de données (SQL et NoSQL), un atout Comprendre le fonctionnement du développement multi plateformes (consoles, PC, appareils mobiles) Doit posséder une excellente connaissance de C++ Fortes habiletés en OOD Expérience en développement de plateforme croisée, un atout Connaissance de C#, Java, et .NET un atout Familier avec les mécanismes de sécurité tel que : encryptions, authentification, «sockets» sécurisés et anti-tricherie Expérience en développement de «Web Services», un atout Analyse feature requirements; Design and implement solutions that meet requirements in terms of functionality and performance; Write quality algorithms and code in C++/Java/C#; Investigate and fix client and server bugs efficiently; Develop cross platform solutions (consoles, PC, mobile devices); Remain available for possible short field engineering trips around the globe to provide first line support to clients; Ability to implement optimal solutions in term of material resources management, especially in networking; Participate and contribute proactively to the team spirit and projects in general. University diploma in programming, computer engineering, software engineering or the equivalent At least 3 years of video game or telecommunications/network experience in Programming; Experience with TCP/IP, sockets, Web Services Experience with QA concepts such as unit and regression tests Good knowledge of the Xbox live services and PSN (End-user, API and TCR), an asset Experience with databases (SQL and NoSQL), an asset Excellent C++ Strong OOD skills Cross platform development an asset C#, Java, and .Net knowledge an asset Experience with security mechanism such as: encryption, authentication, secured sockets and anti-cheat An approach oriented on Client Satisfaction (Production Teams) Capacity to organize your own work Capacity to be a team player A desire to push back the boundaries of video game technology is required Maturity to give and receive constructive criticism is expected Be a good communicator 
ScrapedJobID123:
Deliver and support all SAS programming processes associated with data collection, reporting and cleaning for early phase clinical trials Develop, maintain, and process SAS programs that create case report forms, edit checks, data listings and other submission- ready database formats to support analysis and reporting Support data import, integration and reconciliation programming activities Deliver and support CDASH and CDISC/SDTM or other sponsor specified data transfer packages Perform peer QC functions Actively participate in process improvement initiatives Ensure that data programming delivers quality outputs on time or better following good programming practices, including adequately-documented SAS code Bachelor's degree with 1+ yrs programming experience OR comparable experience in related industry, previous experience with SAS, SPSS, R or S+ and clinical data preferred. Computer science, Mathematics or IT graduate applicants also considered. Demonstrated communication and interpersonal skills Demonstrated problem solving and decision making skills Demonstrated ability to manage multiple priorities 
ScrapedJobID124:
Experience using modern CMS, web development languages and web application frameworks (e.g. Drupal, PHP, C#, .NET, HTML5, JavaScript, CSS, Sass, AJAX, Bootstrap, Angular) Understanding of UI / UX, responsive design, web accessibility and web search principles Familiar with the use of full-stack development environments (e.g. Linux OS, Windows OS, Git, Jenkins, Docker, Apache, Tomcat, Nginx, IIS, AWS, Azure) Working knowledge of relational database concepts and SQL, can develop applications/integrations using APIs, web services, single sign-on and enterprise databases (e.g Oracle, PL/SQL, REST-based services, XML, JSON) Familiar with Software Development Life Cycle and Agile software development methodologies Applies software development coding standards, data privacy, secure coding, and quality assurance best practices Ability to communicate effectively with interdisciplinary teams, technical and non-technical staff at varying levels while exercising courtesy, professionalism, tact and discretion Flexible and adaptable with learning, understanding and applying new technologies, methodologies, tools and programming languages Strong written, oral, and interpersonal communication skills. Must be able to participate in meetings and group discussions, create formal and informal documentation as necessary Proven analytical, troubleshooting, and problem-solving skills, ability to investigate and assess software-related issues and products Highly self-motivated and directed Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment Ability to work both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment Keen attention to detail and a quality driven mindset Collaboration & Collegiality Continuous Learning & Information Seeking Effective Interactive Communication Initiative Integrity & Accountability Student & Service Focus Analytical Thinking Accuracy and Attention to Detail Conceptual Thinking Results Oriented Effective Task and Time Management Creative Thinking Technical Expertise Problem Solving & Judgement Fostering Innovation 
ScrapedJobID125:
Play a key role in the Asset Tracking Application project. Perform QA on the application, exercising new functionality and regression testing existing functionality. Develop automated tests to guard the quality of the application. Create detailed, comprehensive, and well-structured test cases. Participate in agile development, including estimating effort and complexity of new features and tasks. Collaborate with senior engineers to produce robust and maintainable code, following software team quality standards. Take on and deliver medium-sized features from conception to production. Help operate Cold Bore’s edge platform (embedded systems, IIoT). Help operate Cold Bore’s cloud platform (cloud app and API) with a Site Reliability Engineering approach. Minimum of 1+ years of hands-on software development. Knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes is considered an asset. Experience Experience with object-oriented design principles and best practices. Experience using Database software. Experience with the following programming languages: C#, SQL, Python Proficient in HTML/CSS/JavaScript. Working experience with an industry web framework (React or Angular). Experience writing automated test code (unit tests, integration tests, etc.). Comfortable working in Unix terminal environments. Hands-on contributor – you enjoy writing code, solving complex problems and being in the trenches. Desire to learn and improve through constructive feedback. Ability to develop independently with support from more senior team members. Conscientious and results-oriented individual who goes above and beyond to meet their commitments. Excellent analytical and troubleshooting skills. Team player who thrives in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. 
ScrapedJobID126:
Computer Programming, Specific Applications Travel and tourism Travel software packages Sabre Microsoft Visual Studio Eclipse Adobe Photoshop Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Workplace training and development XML PHP Object-Oriented programming languages MySQL JavaScript HTML CSS SQL Soap Ajax JQuery Git Model-View-Controller (MVC) Shell script Subversion (SVN) Basic security clearance Cellular phone Work under pressure Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Linux Database software File management software Project management software Programming software Web service design Software development Mapping and data visualization software Website creation and management software Business diagram software API Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID127:
Participate in the entire application lifecycle, focusing on coding and debugging Write clean code to develop functional web applications Troubleshoot and debug applications Perform UI tests to optimize performance Collaborate with Front-end developers to integrate user-facing elements with server side logic Gather and address technical and design requirements Liaise with developers, designers and system administrators to identify new features Proven work experience as a Back-end developer In-depth understanding of the entire web development process (design, development and deployment) Hands on experience with programming languages like Java, Ruby, PHP and Python Working knowledge of CMS framework Familiarity with front-end languages (e.g. HTML, JavaScript and CSS) Excellent analytical and time management skills Teamwork skills with a problem-solving attitude BSc degree in Computer Science or relevant field Yes 
ScrapedJobID128:
Information Technology Computer Science Computer Software Engineering or equivalent experience Consulting firm Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications XML JavaScript HTML CSS SQL Python Git Internet access Public transportation is available Linux Programming software Software development API Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Client focus Judgement Organized Remote work available Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Vision Care Benefits Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID129:
Familiar with industrial robot programming 
ScrapedJobID130:
Are experienced with client-server architectures, networking protocols, application development, and using databases. Have experience using and developing APIs. Understand user and system requirements Have an understanding of, or experience with, Agile development methodology. You’ll work in a dynamic, collaborative environment to understand requirements, design, code and test innovative applications, and support those applications for our highly valued customers. You’ll employ IBM’s Design Thinking to create products that provide a great user experience along with high performance, security, quality, and stability. Design and code servers, services, applications and databases that are reusable, scalable and meet critical architecture goals. Create Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) that are clean, well-documented, and easy to use. Create and configure Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS) applications. Design and implement large scale systems and Service Oriented Architectures (SOA) that enable continuous delivery. You are highly motivated and have a passion for creating and supporting great products. You thrive on collaboration, working side by side with people of all backgrounds and disciplines, and you have very strong verbal and written communication skills. You are great at solving problems, debugging, troubleshooting, designing and implementing solutions to complex technical issues. You have a basic understanding of software development and programming languages. You have the ability to learn new skills quickly and use the skills efficiently. Markham Ottawa Mississauga Must have basic knowledge in one or more of the following technology areas: C++, C, Java, Ruby, Python, Perl, SQL Basic knowledge of operating systems and how they work (i.e. Operating systems courses); Container technologies; Internet Services; and/or Managed Services Basic understanding of user and system requirements Have an interest in, understanding of, or experience with Agile development methodology Must be eligible to work 4 months starting in May 2022 Skilled in working with Linux Kernel, scheduler, memory management system, device drivers, hardware architectures Familiarity with APIs Experience working with servers, applications and databases Registered in a formal co-op/internship program 
ScrapedJobID131:
Working as a key member of a product team Writing high-quality code that helps change the world Learning how to break down bigger, more complex problems into smaller pieces Reviewing PRs and giving constructive feedback to help others Learning how to technically design features and changes Learning how to identify and manage risk Building up sound technical judgement Troubleshooting and resolving issues Working with an amazing group of people in a real startup Comfortable being part of a startup that’s growing by leaps and bounds Driven to find clarity when faced with ambiguity You’ve likely been coding since well before you received any formal education You have some leadership skills, whether that’s from in front, the middle, or behind You have a sense of ownership of code you write A love of helping others Solid communication skills (written and verbal) Great problem solving skills and ability to break problems down Genuinely good and decent people who share our values Generally have up to 2-3 years coding professionally Hands-on experience with at least two of the following: React or React Native Javascript and/or Typescript GraphQL & Graphite Postgres Node.js Experience with Azure or AWS Some form of formal technical education (whether it’s a bachelor’s degree or a diploma) Solid understanding of at least 1 programming language (javascript, java, C#, etc.) Proficient understanding of code versioning tools such as Git and GitHub Ability to learn quickly, gel with a team, and collaborate What should we call you (maybe it’s a short form of your name)? What are your pronouns? Is there anything about Legible that you connect with? And tell us something fun about you. Are you a former bowling champ? Do you love Dungeons & Dragons? Maybe you’re a competitive knitter. Or perhaps you have family in a far off country that means the world to you. We want to know. An inclusive working environment - anyone and everyone is welcome at Legible A flexible working schedule Great paid time off package, including a paid winter break A comprehensive benefits package A multitude of avenues for career growth and change An open-door policy - you can approach any member of leadership with confidence Community Values - We work together as a team to better our local and global communities. We are invested in making a positive difference in the world. Casual dress Company events Dental care Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Store discount Vision care Wellness program Work from home Day shift Monday to Friday No weekends Are you eligible to work legally in Canada without sponsorship? Yes 
ScrapedJobID132:
Temporarily due to COVID-19 Commission pay Profit sharing Monday to Friday Weekend availability Yes 
ScrapedJobID133:
Strive to create and maintain clean code and engage in peer code reviews Identify issues and develop solutions and processes that address and resolve them Unit and integration testing as per standards and design specifications Participate in on-going discussions and contribute ideas that speak to project objectives like design, user experience, development, testing solutions, and tools Manage multiple assignments while working independently or as part of an integrated team HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React Experience with Gatsby, SASS or LESS is a plus Strong experience with using NPM, and Webpack to build and streamline processes Proven ability to translate approved UI / UX design mock-ups to feature-rich, pixel-perfect websites and web applications Ability to write clean, modular, high-performance, reusable code/ UI components/libraries Experience integrating RESTful services and APIs Remote and Hybrid Work Opportunities Grow your career with challenging and rewarding work that makes a difference Opportunity to give back through our social responsibility initiatives Work with a fun, passionate, travel-loving team! Great travel perks! Free Parking Open concept, collaborative workspace See for yourself! @sunwinglife 
ScrapedJobID134:
Fix user reported errors / crashes both on the client PC and in code Revise older code to bring them up to newer standards & practices Revise GUIs to bring them up to newer standards & practices Develop new algorithms for faster performance of in house application Help maintain existing systems Document and codify work, use source control and test environments Work with end users to gather requirements and help educate them on developed technology Bring new ideas, technologies, and approaches to the systems. (Help Drive innovation) Help with minor hardware and network issues from time to time if others are unavailable Performs other job-related duties and responsibilities as may be assigned from time to time Attention to detail Must be able to program using Visual Studio 2012+ Must be able to program in Visual Basic Must be able to work with database programming in .NET Must be able to design using WinForms Knowledge of T-SQL Highly motivated and be able to work under direction Knowledge of Microsoft Office APIs 
ScrapedJobID135:
or equivalent experience Develop computer applications for machines and processes Read blueprints and drawings Assist in preparing estimates, schedules, specifications and reports Criminal record check Tools Steel-toed safety boots Own vehicle Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Combination of sitting, standing, walking Tight deadlines MS Excel MS Windows MS Word Database software Computer numerical control (CNC) machines Programming software Programming languages MS Outlook Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Flexibility Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Values and ethics Organized 
ScrapedJobID136:
Provide AEM functionality and technology expertise to support design and implementation of the AEM platform and ongoing enhancements and integrations; Design and build efficient content models, security models, workflows and templates; Design and development of new components, templates and web pages; Employ strong coding standards for efficiency, readability, and reuse At least 1 year working with Java/J2EE; Understanding of CMS and CQ 5.x/AEM 6.x.; Understanding of JCR, Sling, and OSGi; Experience in creating custom components and bundles; Front-end skills: CSS, JavaScript, HTML. Challenging short- and long-term projects with the customers, vendors, and partners from EU and US; Local and distributed project teams management of 10+ professionals; A real possibility to gain knowledge and grow in project delivery management; Competitive compensation depending on skills and experience; Flexible working hours; Remote work opportunity (by approval); Social benefits (see details below). Office located in the city center; Modern ergonomic furniture; Yoga classes in the office; English classes onsite; Seasonal vaccination; 5 additional paid days a year in case of illness without a sick leave; Individual approach and personal development program; Reimbursement for professional literature; Compensation for sports; Compensation of external training and certification; Corporate events and trips; Tasty & Fruits Days - pleasant surprises from the Company. 
ScrapedJobID137:
Develop and maintain web applications using modern technologies like HTML 5, CSS, JavaScript, Vue, Nuxt, MySQL Use issue and project tracking tools like Atlassian Jira Use Github to submit changes to our repositories Help with the creation of automated functional tests Provide client support when necessary Strong interest to learn more about technology Willingness to learn multiple new technologies quickly Friendly attitude A client service attitude Self-motivated Able to work without constant supervision Self-identifies as belonging to an under-represented group: Indigenous Black and people of colour 2SLGBTQQIA+ Neuro-diverse Persons living with a visible or invisible disability Women Youth from care Non-binary Other Must be eligible to work in B.C. Has completed training or education, whether at a post-secondary institute or through other recognized pathways: Must have completed the training program on or after December 1, 2019 Can be a student, including co-op students and international students If a student, is enrolled at an accredited post-secondary institution in B.C. or has completed a recognized training program that the employer feels has prepared them for effective employment. Access to professional online training courses to learn HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Vue, Nuxt, Github Dedicated time to take the training courses One-on-one sessions with experienced professionals You can work from home. We do not have an office to work from. The work hours are flexible. You will need a reliable high-speed internet connection. You will need a reliable laptop or desktop with a webcam and microphone. $ 20 per hour / 35 h per week 6 days of paid vacation/sick time Monthly allowance of $ 50 to cover costs for internet, electricity, computer, etc. 
ScrapedJobID138:
SQL (SQL (any variant, but T-SQL or MSSQL would be ideal) HTML 5 JavaScript (familiarity with the jQuery framework is ideal) C# / .NET ASP.NET (experience with any other client-server web technologies such as PHP would be a reasonable substitute here) Swift and SwiftUI Graphic editing skills Familiarity with Excel, particularly in regards to pivot table design and other data manipulation functions Familiarity with GIT or other source control systems Familiarity with industry-standard data exchange formats (JSON, XML) You have a foundational knowledge of programming You are a strong, concise communicator in both technical and non-technical concepts (must be fluent in English, oral and written; knowledge of French is a definite plus) You like to be proactive, take charge and determine solutions You work well under pressure and can successfully juggle many priorities You always exercise patience and have a calm and professional demeanour You are able to work in a dynamic environment, including effective multi-tasking, exercising patience and professionalism, and advancing on longer-term projects in parallel with busy, ongoing daily business needs Experience within the Consumer-Packaged Goods and/or Retail industries is a benefit You have advanced troubleshooting skills You believe in winning You bring passion and innovative thinking that will deliver results You believe that the words ‘work’ and ‘fun’ belong in the same sentence Authentic Solutions-oriented Intellectually curious Self-motivated Receptive Assertive Driven Continuously challenging yourself Having business maturity, professional 
ScrapedJobID139:
You are between 15 and 29 years of age You are a resident of Ontario You are able to commit for the duration of the program Individuals from black communities, indigenous communities, visible minorities, persons with disabilities and women are encouraged to apply You have either studied or have experience in design, information technology (coding/ computing etc.), marketing or business Tuition reimbursement Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID140:
Take ownership over the completion and quality of your tasks and project while incorporating guidance from your mentor, manager, and peers. Execute scoped technical tasks end-to-end to help build the future of Pinterest Deliver code that is well-documented, tested, and operable Communicate new ideas and opinions with candor as you grow both professionally and personally through learning and development opportunities Pursuing a CS degree (or related field) 2+ years of CS classes under your belt (Intro to CS and Algorithms, Advanced Algorithms, Operating Systems and Data Structures are all great!) Aptitude for JavaScript, CSS, C++, HTML, Python, Java, Go–we use a variety of programming languages and tools Non-academic coding experience (i.e. hack-a-thons, code challenges, personal projects, GitHub, Open Source, volunteer coding experience, conference participation, etc.) A curious nature with a desire to tackle and solve complex problems 
ScrapedJobID141:
Évaluation de la faisabilité technique des exigences fonctionnelles; Concevoir, programmer, tester et mettre en production des applications web; Analyser les programmes déjà en place; Traitement du code dans différents outils et environnements pour en assurer la qualité et le bon déploiement; Assister au contrôle de qualité en collaboration avec l’analyste fonctionnel; Préparer et faire approuver la documentation des systèmes et du code; Recommander et promouvoir les meilleures pratiques de développement; S'approprier, avec toute l'équipe, la responsabilité de la qualité des livrables; Prendre activement part à la gestion des changements lorsqu'ils se présentent; Fournir une aide technique aux développeurs juniors; Vous êtes bilingue en français et en anglais; Vous possédez minimum 2 années d’expériences en développement Python Vous possédez un diplôme d’études collégiales en informatique ou dans un domaine similaire (un atout); Vous avez une très bonne connaissance des environnements, outils et autres langages Linux, qWeb, GitLab, GitHub, Vous maîtrisez PEP8, IDE, CSS3, Bootstrap; Vous avez une capacité à travailler avec différents API externes; Vous êtes à l’aise dans la programmation front-end et back-end avec les cadres d’applications Web; Vous comprenez bien les besoins, contextes et réalités d’affaires des entreprises clientes; Vous avez une bonne connaissance de base en développement Agile (SCRUM); Vous aimez apprendre de nouvelles technologies; Vous êtes doué(e) pour vulgariser des concepts et idées de nature techniques; Vous démontrez une habileté à challenger les spécifications; Vous faites preuve de curiosité et d’autonomie; Vous êtes capable de livrer plusieurs projets à la fois; 
ScrapedJobID142:
Experience in Python and Javascript programming Development of back-end, microservice infrastructure in Python Application and front-end development in React.js Mobile App development with React Native an asset Knowledge and experience developing microservices Knowledge and experience with cloud technologies, specifically Google Cloud Platform Knowledge and experience developing containerised applications with Docker Dental care Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID143:
You have a minimum of 2 years working with WordPress You have a solid understanding of working with PHP, HTML, JS/jQuery and CSS/SASS You can listen to clients needs and concerns, and provide recommendations and ideas around how to meet their goals You have the constant desire to be collaborative and work closely with everyone on our team You have the willingness to learn, take, and give direction when required You have the ability to work on tight deadlines You’re comfortable with working and collaborating on a remote basis Coaching and support so that you’re set up for success in this role A casual, friendly, open, and easy-going work environment as part of a strong, supportive close-knit team A flexible schedule and a healthy approach towards maintaining a positive work/life balance, including working remotely A generous and flexible time-off policy made up of mandatory and unlimited vacation and personal days Comprehensive health benefits Funding towards personal growth initiatives Flexible offerings On-demand virtual healthcare services Vision care Dental care Extended health care Travel insurance HSA Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday No weekends WordPress: 2 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID144:
Apply @ LU Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Library Applicants Parents & Counselors Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Admissions Fees & Financing International Laurentian Online Important Dates Courses COVID-19 Academic Support Athletics Campus Recreation Campus Services Campus Safety Culture and Lifestyle Counselling Support myLaurentian Hub Research Centres Research Chairs Funding Opportunities Highlights Our People Strategic Research Plan Animal Care and Lab-Bio Safety CRCEF Program and EDI Strategy Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Ethics Intellectual Property Management Jim Fielding Innovation Space Perdue Central Analytical Facility ROMEO Research Support Fund News Faculties Careers Business Services Governance & Leadership Facts & Figures Francophone Affairs Indigenous Programs Policies & Accountability Contact Us Campus Maps About Us Benefits Convocation Events Our Stories Programs Stay Connected Hours of Operation Orientation Tuition fee exemption for eligible staff members and their dependents; Comprehensive employer paid health and dental benefits; Defined benefit pension plan; Employee and Family Assistance Program; Generous vacation time; Flexible or alternate work possibilities; Career development and training opportunities; Fitness centre and recreational facility discounts; Bicycle and pedestrian friendly campus; A supportive and flexible work environment. ) Support the ERP environment used by administration and faculty. This includes to:
create new programs, modify existing ones and troubleshoot any errors or bugs in an ERP environment such as Colleague;
understand the new program or modification and the existing environment and workflow;
determine the best course of action to program the modification;
test and verify the changes with the supervisor and the department. create new programs, modify existing ones and troubleshoot any errors or bugs in an ERP environment such as Colleague; understand the new program or modification and the existing environment and workflow; determine the best course of action to program the modification; test and verify the changes with the supervisor and the department. ) Assist in the customization of the Self Service software. This includes:
Modify the existing software to meet the requirements of the University in English and in French;
Program in Unibasic, HTML or javascript and troubleshoot.
Program in Visual Studio in .NET and C# environments.
Perform testing on developed code (initial and regression)
Develop APIs consumable by internal users using one or` more platform like Ellucian Web-Api and or custom API Modify the existing software to meet the requirements of the University in English and in French; Program in Unibasic, HTML or javascript and troubleshoot. Program in Visual Studio in .NET and C# environments. Perform testing on developed code (initial and regression) Develop APIs consumable by internal users using one or` more platform like Ellucian Web-Api and or custom API ) Maintain a clean codebase through effective use of repository management and version control (Team Foundation Server or Github). ) Perform other duties directly related to this position as assigned. Honours undergraduate degree (4 years) in computing; Three to five years of related experience; Programming experience in BASIC, e.g. Visual Basic and familiarity with 4GL languages; Experience with C#, ASP.NET, Entity Framework, MVC, Web API, JavaScript (including the KnockoutJS, jQuery and jQuery UI libraries), HTML5, JSON and XML with a solid understanding Object Oriented design techniques. Experience with database technologies: MSSQL, MySQL, etc Experience in working with XML and EDI; Knowledge of UNIX operating system; Experience in working with Client/Server applications; Ability to work as a team member and with very different functional environments and a variety of users; Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills; Ability to prioritize work and manage multiple tasks from multiple clients; Bilingualism (English and French) or willingness to attend French language training will be required; knowledge of an Indigenous language or demonstrated fluency is a definite asset. 
ScrapedJobID145:
Develop tools for management, analysis, and interpretation of –omics data Implement and execute –omics data processing workflows locally or in the cloud Create standardized summary tables, figures, and listings for –omics data Manage large -omics dataset collections including cloud import/export and data QC Write well-documented computer code and conduct code reviews and programming validation Conduct workflow benchmarking Identify inconsistencies and initiate resolution of data problems Prepare SOPs, document source code/workflows, and write reports to summarize computational requirements, processing status, and customized analysis results as needed Other responsibilities as assigned Bachelor’s degree in Bioinformatics, Computer Science, or a related field, and 2 years relevant experience Demonstrated computer programming skills in Python and/or Perl as well as R for statistical programming Competent in using Linux/Unix operating system command line interface Ability to develop and query relational databases (MySQL, SQLite, or similar) is a plus Experience using Eclipse, RStudio (or other IDEs) and Version Control software (Git, SVN, or similar) to manage programming code Familiarity with next-generation sequencing data and open-source bioinformatics tools Familiarity with AWS cloud computing (EC2 and S3) is a plus Ability to manage multiple tasks Ability to work independently, as well as in a team environment Ability to effectively communicate technical concepts, in both written and oral format 
ScrapedJobID146:
Turn design documents into functional websites Maintain and update existing websites Provide website support for clients Create new, and improve on existing, in-house WordPress themes and plugins HTML CSS JavaScript and jQuery PHP Experience with WordPress Experience with GitHub Experience with Shopify Linux server administration and management Experience with Laravel and other Frameworks Experience with modern JavaScript libraries Must be happy working in a team environment Must be a continuous learner Must enjoy solving problems Must have appreciation for user experience Must have excellent customer service skills Must have good time management skills Must have strong communication skills Web Development: minimum 3 years (Required) Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Web Development: 3 years (preferred) English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID147:
or equivalent experience Consulting firm Startup company Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications MySQL JavaScript HTML DHTML CSS XML Technology (XSL,XSD,DTD) SQL Ajax JQuery React.js Angular.js Git Unix Linux Internet Database software Servers Security software Mail server software Programming software HTML editing software Software development API 
ScrapedJobID148:
Are experienced with client-server architectures, networking protocols, application development, and using databases. Have experience using and developing APIs. Understand user and system requirements Have an understanding of, or experience with, Agile development methodology. You’ll work in a dynamic, collaborative environment to understand requirements, design, code and test innovative applications, and support those applications for our highly valued customers. You’ll employ IBM’s Design Thinking to create products that provide a great user experience along with high performance, security, quality, and stability. Design and code servers, services, applications and databases that are reusable, scalable and meet critical architecture goals. Create Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) that are clean, well-documented, and easy to use. Create and configure Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS) applications. Design and implement large scale systems and Service Oriented Architectures (SOA) that enable continuous delivery. You are highly motivated and have a passion for creating and supporting great products. You thrive on collaboration, working side by side with people of all backgrounds and disciplines, and you have very strong verbal and written communication skills. You are great at solving problems, debugging, troubleshooting, designing and implementing solutions to complex technical issues. You have a basic understanding of software development and programming languages. You have the ability to learn new skills quickly and use the skills efficiently. Markham Ottawa Mississauga Must have basic knowledge in one or more of the following technology areas: C++, C, Java, Ruby, Python, Perl, SQL Basic knowledge of operating systems and how they work (i.e. Operating systems courses); Container technologies; Internet Services; and/or Managed Services Basic understanding of user and system requirements Have an interest in, understanding of, or experience with Agile development methodology Must be eligible to work 4 months starting in May 2022 Skilled in working with Linux Kernel, scheduler, memory management system, device drivers, hardware architectures Familiarity with APIs Experience working with servers, applications and databases Registered in a formal co-op/internship program 
ScrapedJobID149:
Develop and design mobile applications for iPhone, iPad, and Android devices Support the entire application lifecycle (concept, design, test, release and support) Produce fully functional mobile applications writing clean code Gather specific requirements and suggest solutions Write unit and UI tests to identify malfunctions Troubleshoot and debug to optimize performance Design interfaces to improve user experience Liaise with Product development team to plan new features Ensure new and legacy applications meet quality standards Research and suggest new mobile products, applications and protocols Stay up-to-date with new technology trends LOCATION: Brampton, ON 
ScrapedJobID150:
Strive to create and maintain clean code and engage in peer code reviews Identify issues and develop solutions and processes that address and resolve them Unit and integration testing as per standards and design specifications Participate in on-going discussions and contribute ideas that speak to project objectives like design, user experience, development, testing solutions, and tools Manage multiple assignments while working independently or as part of an integrated team HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React Experience with Gatsby, SASS or LESS is a plus Strong experience with using NPM, and Webpack to build and streamline processes Proven ability to translate approved UI / UX design mock-ups to feature-rich, pixel-perfect websites and web applications Ability to write clean, modular, high-performance, reusable code/ UI components/libraries Experience integrating RESTful services and APIs Remote and Hybrid Work Opportunities Grow your career with challenging and rewarding work that makes a difference Opportunity to give back through our social responsibility initiatives Work with a fun, passionate, travel-loving team! Great travel perks! Free Parking Open concept, collaborative workspace See for yourself! @sunwinglife 
ScrapedJobID151:
or equivalent experience Consulting firm Startup company Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications MySQL JavaScript HTML DHTML CSS XML Technology (XSL,XSD,DTD) SQL Ajax JQuery React.js Angular.js Git Unix Linux Internet Database software Servers Security software Mail server software Programming software HTML editing software Software development API 
ScrapedJobID152:
Are experienced with client-server architectures, networking protocols, application development, and using databases. Have experience using and developing APIs. Understand user and system requirements Have an understanding of, or experience with, Agile development methodology. You’ll work in a dynamic, collaborative environment to understand requirements, design, code and test innovative applications, and support those applications for our highly valued customers. You’ll employ IBM’s Design Thinking to create products that provide a great user experience along with high performance, security, quality, and stability. Design and code servers, services, applications and databases that are reusable, scalable and meet critical architecture goals. Create Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) that are clean, well-documented, and easy to use. Create and configure Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS) applications. Design and implement large scale systems and Service Oriented Architectures (SOA) that enable continuous delivery. You are highly motivated and have a passion for creating and supporting great products. You thrive on collaboration, working side by side with people of all backgrounds and disciplines, and you have very strong verbal and written communication skills. You are great at solving problems, debugging, troubleshooting, designing and implementing solutions to complex technical issues. You have a basic understanding of software development and programming languages. You have the ability to learn new skills quickly and use the skills efficiently. Markham Ottawa Mississauga Must have basic knowledge in one or more of the following technology areas: C++, C, Java, Ruby, Python, Perl, SQL Basic knowledge of operating systems and how they work (i.e. Operating systems courses); Container technologies; Internet Services; and/or Managed Services Basic understanding of user and system requirements Have an interest in, understanding of, or experience with Agile development methodology Must be eligible to work 4 months starting in May 2022 Skilled in working with Linux Kernel, scheduler, memory management system, device drivers, hardware architectures Familiarity with APIs Experience working with servers, applications and databases Registered in a formal co-op/internship program 
ScrapedJobID153:
Develop and design mobile applications for iPhone, iPad, and Android devices Support the entire application lifecycle (concept, design, test, release and support) Produce fully functional mobile applications writing clean code Gather specific requirements and suggest solutions Write unit and UI tests to identify malfunctions Troubleshoot and debug to optimize performance Design interfaces to improve user experience Liaise with Product development team to plan new features Ensure new and legacy applications meet quality standards Research and suggest new mobile products, applications and protocols Stay up-to-date with new technology trends LOCATION: Brampton, ON 
ScrapedJobID154:
Apply @ LU Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Library Applicants Parents & Counselors Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Admissions Fees & Financing International Laurentian Online Important Dates Courses COVID-19 Academic Support Athletics Campus Recreation Campus Services Campus Safety Culture and Lifestyle Counselling Support myLaurentian Hub Research Centres Research Chairs Funding Opportunities Highlights Our People Strategic Research Plan Animal Care and Lab-Bio Safety CRCEF Program and EDI Strategy Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Ethics Intellectual Property Management Jim Fielding Innovation Space Perdue Central Analytical Facility ROMEO Research Support Fund News Faculties Careers Business Services Governance & Leadership Facts & Figures Francophone Affairs Indigenous Programs Policies & Accountability Contact Us Campus Maps About Us Benefits Convocation Events Our Stories Programs Stay Connected Hours of Operation Orientation Tuition fee exemption for eligible staff members and their dependents; Comprehensive employer paid health and dental benefits; Defined benefit pension plan; Employee and Family Assistance Program; Generous vacation time; Flexible or alternate work possibilities; Career development and training opportunities; Fitness centre and recreational facility discounts; Bicycle and pedestrian friendly campus; A supportive and flexible work environment. ) Support the ERP environment used by administration and faculty. This includes to:
create new programs, modify existing ones and troubleshoot any errors or bugs in an ERP environment such as Colleague;
understand the new program or modification and the existing environment and workflow;
determine the best course of action to program the modification;
test and verify the changes with the supervisor and the department. create new programs, modify existing ones and troubleshoot any errors or bugs in an ERP environment such as Colleague; understand the new program or modification and the existing environment and workflow; determine the best course of action to program the modification; test and verify the changes with the supervisor and the department. ) Assist in the customization of the Self Service software. This includes:
Modify the existing software to meet the requirements of the University in English and in French;
Program in Unibasic, HTML or javascript and troubleshoot.
Program in Visual Studio in .NET and C# environments.
Perform testing on developed code (initial and regression)
Develop APIs consumable by internal users using one or` more platform like Ellucian Web-Api and or custom API Modify the existing software to meet the requirements of the University in English and in French; Program in Unibasic, HTML or javascript and troubleshoot. Program in Visual Studio in .NET and C# environments. Perform testing on developed code (initial and regression) Develop APIs consumable by internal users using one or` more platform like Ellucian Web-Api and or custom API ) Maintain a clean codebase through effective use of repository management and version control (Team Foundation Server or Github). ) Perform other duties directly related to this position as assigned. Honours undergraduate degree (4 years) in computing; Three to five years of related experience; Programming experience in BASIC, e.g. Visual Basic and familiarity with 4GL languages; Experience with C#, ASP.NET, Entity Framework, MVC, Web API, JavaScript (including the KnockoutJS, jQuery and jQuery UI libraries), HTML5, JSON and XML with a solid understanding Object Oriented design techniques. Experience with database technologies: MSSQL, MySQL, etc Experience in working with XML and EDI; Knowledge of UNIX operating system; Experience in working with Client/Server applications; Ability to work as a team member and with very different functional environments and a variety of users; Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills; Ability to prioritize work and manage multiple tasks from multiple clients; Bilingualism (English and French) or willingness to attend French language training will be required; knowledge of an Indigenous language or demonstrated fluency is a definite asset. 
ScrapedJobID155:
Strive to create and maintain clean code and engage in peer code reviews Identify issues and develop solutions and processes that address and resolve them Unit and integration testing as per standards and design specifications Participate in on-going discussions and contribute ideas that speak to project objectives like design, user experience, development, testing solutions, and tools Manage multiple assignments while working independently or as part of an integrated team HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React Experience with Gatsby, SASS or LESS is a plus Strong experience with using NPM, and Webpack to build and streamline processes Proven ability to translate approved UI / UX design mock-ups to feature-rich, pixel-perfect websites and web applications Ability to write clean, modular, high-performance, reusable code/ UI components/libraries Experience integrating RESTful services and APIs Remote and Hybrid Work Opportunities Grow your career with challenging and rewarding work that makes a difference Opportunity to give back through our social responsibility initiatives Work with a fun, passionate, travel-loving team! Great travel perks! Free Parking Open concept, collaborative workspace See for yourself! @sunwinglife 
ScrapedJobID156:
Develop the web application across various full stack disciplines in collaboration with colleagues Develop and maintain our technical architecture including cloud hosting Lead development operations Help recruit and lead technical talent to build a highly capable team Help interpret business requirements and functional designs into technical specifications Help ensure quality is built into our product and processes, including designing and executing testing Establish maintenance, support and operational processes consistent with a B2B SaaS product Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Flexible schedule Paid time off Stock options Work from home Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) tech startup: 1 year (preferred) full stack web development: 3 years (required) UX design: 1 year (preferred) technical architecture design: 1 year (preferred) technical team leadership: 1 year (preferred) GIS: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID157:
or equivalent experience School or educational institution/establishment Write, modify, integrate and test software code Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications XML Visual Basic VB Script Object-Oriented programming languages MySQL Java JavaScript JSP HTML CSS XML Technology (XSL,XSD,DTD) SQL Soap Ajax JQuery C# .NET ASP.NET Python React Native React.js Angular.js Model-View-Controller (MVC) TCP/IP Internet Database software Extranet Intranet Communication software Project management software HTML editing software Web service design Data analysis software Enterprise Applications Integration (EAI) Business diagram software API Business intelligence Remote work available Group Insurance Benefits 
ScrapedJobID158:
gives back to the community has leadership that inspires, coaches and mentors allows you to speak up and be heard AND ... likes to have FUN? Live and breathe UI/UX design and data visualization; Utilize modern frontend frameworks such as React to build Web applications; Build custom data visualizations to make data accessible and understandable; Integrate Web applications with RESTful APIs; Evaluate solutions and help to define the architecture and design of our data analytics platform; Contribute with development best practices and experiment with new ideas; Work collaboratively with cross-functional teams to identify creative solutions for data analysis, and plan and execute critical products from concept to production. Experience developing and maintaining production web applications and building single-page applications; Passionate about data visualization and knowledgeable on how to best present insights hidden in the data; Deep knowledge of Javascript (ES6+) and modern frontend frameworks such as React, Vue or Angular Understand the strengths and weaknesses of the popular chart types and data visualizations; Experience designing and implementing new visualizations using D3.js or similar; Big plus if you have experience designing and implementing analytical platforms You have a passion for keeping up with the constant state of rapid evolution in the data world! You are a creative & innovative thinker. You are entrepreneurial and take initiative, finding and executing great ideas with minimal resources. You are a visionary! Someone who wants to leave a lasting impact on business You are excellent at communicating within a team and with clients You thrive under pressure and have no problem meeting deadlines Remote Work Environment #ChooseOurOwnAdventure . Read more about our remote work environment here! Summer Hours ️ Wellness Program Lunchtime virtual gym sessions? Count me in! Course Reimbursement Program – We want you to keep learning, so we can too! Personal Days in addition to Vacation days An extra day off during the month of your birthday - our gift to you! Open and transparent communication, including bi-weekly All Hands Meetings with our CEO Pelmorex Learning Academy includes offerings like French, Leadership (for people leaders and non-leaders alike), yoga, mindfulness Your mental health is important to us! We partner with Inkblot for virtual counseling sessions Free online doctor visits with Maple Online Healthcare Personal Spending Account - Full-Time employees will receive $500 per year While we encourage 1:1 conversations, we recognize that not everyone is comfortable with speaking up. We have an anonymous reporting platform (Speakfully) to ensure everyone’s voice is heard Weather is inclusive, we will be too. We have an IDEAS (Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Awareness, Solidarity) team committed to making this happen! 
ScrapedJobID159:
On call Yes 
ScrapedJobID160:
Develop software for platform integration Analyze and test programs and products before formal launch Ensure software security by developing programs to actively monitor the sharing of private information Actively seek ways to improve business software processes and interactions Minimum 3-5 years of experience developing and implementing software applications Experience working with blockchain technology Professional experience using cybersecurity and open source technology Experience developing software utilizing various coding languages Outstanding collaboration and communication skills are essential Experience developing secure software systems based upon industry specifications Experience developing customized code Experience with modern database systems Work from home 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID161:
Write maintainable, testable, and performant software in collaboration with our world class team Participate in code review and performing extensive testing to ensure high quality software Research new technology and tools and share those findings with the team Communicate clearly and effectively with all members of our team Experience programming in .net or C# Graduated from a Computer Science, Software Engineering, or similar program Experience creating either web or native mobile applications Experience developing eCommerce solutions Strong command of important programming and computer science concepts Fundamental knowledge of core web principals (HTTP, the DOM, SSL, web servers) Great interpersonal skills - we work very closely together as a team and require a lot of communication Proactive personality and a desire to deliver your best work 
ScrapedJobID162:
or equivalent experience Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Program special effects software for film and video applications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Ability to distinguish between colours Sitting Tight deadlines Database software 3D graphic software Web service design Software development Website creation and management software Multimedia software API Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID163:
Excellent knowledge of C++ coding principles and practices with at least 3 years of professional experience At least 3 years of relevant experience in the games industry Good understanding of the problem of lag, prediction and correction Experience with first-person perspective games (especially shooters) Strong multi-threaded programming skills Understanding of network protocols such as HTTP, TCP & UDP Knowledge of client/server architectures and the full network stack Ability to work effectively in a team and independently when required Excellent communication skills: We have a multilingual and multicultural working environment and the ability to communicate across language and time zone barriers is essential. Competitive salary with project-based bonuses Full health Benefits with an HSA account Responsible work-life balance with flexible hours and paid overtime 26 days of paid vacation per year A modern indie-style studio with a relaxed atmosphere working on high-budget AAA Games A chance to work in a booming industry within an international team Office located near transit and bike routes 
ScrapedJobID164:
Develop JavaScript components with ReactJS for our applications. Develop components in the context of very high volume and visibility sites. Develop unit tests. Participate in code review. Participate in technology watch. Develop and maintain technical documentation. Monitor the quality of the code and ensure its performance. Ensure version control and source code control. Minimum of 3 years working with JavaScript, ReactJS, Angular or another SPA framework Experience with TypeScript, HTML and CSS Knowledge of API Rest Json, GraphQL or other formats Experience working on responsive web interface development Knowledge of integration tools (Jenkins, TeamCity or other) Knowledge of the source management Git Knowledge of NodeJS (an asset) Excellent knowledge of JavaScript and front-end web development Understanding of compatibility issues between browsers (desktop and mobile) Have participated in the implementation of responsive projects or mobile development projects Computer Science degree or equivalent 
ScrapedJobID165:
Dental care Extended health care 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID166:

ScrapedJobID167:
Manufacture Startup company C SQL Python Programming languages Software development SQL Cloud Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Judgement Organized Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits RRSP Benefits Vision Care Benefits 
ScrapedJobID168:
Write product code along with test automation to deliver against project timescales, quality and requirements Participate in software design in line with technical strategy, quality and functionality Provide clear updates on progress against assigned tasks Build and maintain an effective relationship with team members Estimate time and resource allocation for product requirements as related to individual projects Experience developing code in any language Ability to learn new skills quickly and apply them to the role Natural problem solver who enjoys being challenged Ability to organize own time to deliver against tasks set by others Ability to build stable and useful working relationships Experience writing software using C, C++ or similar Scripting using Python Our people are what makes Sophos special – we demonstrate shared vision, talent, innovation, and creativity, all of which are accompanied by a great sense of fun and team spirit. Employee-led diversity and inclusion groups that build community within Sophos and provide internal education and advocacy (eg. Sophos Women in Tech group to improve gender parity, encourage gender-balanced leadership, and support career progression at Sophos) Sophos Environment Network and employee challenges to contribute to sustainability and reduce our environmental footprint Annual commitment to charity and fundraising across our global sites and volunteer days for employees to give back to local communities Global trivia competitions to keep our minds sharp Global Mental Health days off work for all Sophos to help employees relax and recharge Monthly employee wellbeing webinars and training to support employee health and wellbeing Employee rewards and thanks, such as our free annual subscription to Calm 
ScrapedJobID169:
The ability to follow the development and testing processes with high attention to detail Some experience working on web and/or native mobile UI Good understanding of Mobile development concepts Strong analytical, time management, interpersonal, listening, and communication skills Understanding of user experience issues and internet design principles Works well in a fast paced team environment. Wordpress / Woocommerce Experience HTML5, CSS3 JavaScript, jQuery, PHP Front end framework experience An environment where you are always learning and moving your skills forward. A competitive salary A cohesive, supportive team environment. Post Secondary Web Development Education 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Are you currently living in Western Canada? AEC / DEP or Skilled Trade Certificate (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID170:
Lively atmosphere Flexible working hours Overtime pay Dental care Extended health care On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID171:
Experience with technical writing Understanding of Software Engineering principles and applying those techniques, tools and knowledge to the task at hand. Positive approach to learning and trying new things. Strong problem solving and root cause analysis skills. Ability to work effectively both independently and in a team environment, with minimum supervision. Experience using a software source control tools such as Clearcase , Git or equivalent Experience with Linux Experience with C, C++, Python development Experience with general AI tools Experience with algorithmic and signal processing software A compressed nine-day fortnight and compressed hours – which means every other Friday off A personalized career development plan, alongside regular progress reviews - supporting and valuing your progression within the Company A flexible working environment where your contributions are recognized and rewarded with flexible benefits 
ScrapedJobID172:
Collaborate with a team of producers, artists, and programmers from concept to deployment of a game product to bring the team’s vision to reality Design and write clean, readable code Bug fixing, maintenance and optimization Rapid prototyping Minimum 2 years’ experience developing in Java Script Passion and curiosity for games and mobile applications Ability to work under pressure and attention to detail 
ScrapedJobID173:
are not afraid to innovate; propose ideas and creative solutions; think outside the box; are open-minded. Significant experience means the depth and breadth of experience normally associated with having performed a broad range of related activities for a period of approximately two (2) years. Knowledge of the architecture of ASP.NET applications Knowledge of agile principles and practices Thinking things through Priority management Client service orientation Ability to communicate effectively orally Security secret security clearance 
ScrapedJobID174:
Experience using modern CMS, web development languages and web application frameworks (e.g. Drupal, PHP, C#, .NET, HTML5, JavaScript, CSS, Sass, AJAX, Bootstrap, Angular) Understanding of UI / UX, responsive design, web accessibility and web search principles Familiar with the use of full-stack development environments (e.g. Linux OS, Windows OS, Git, Jenkins, Docker, Apache, Tomcat, Nginx, IIS, AWS, Azure) Working knowledge of relational database concepts and SQL, can develop applications/integrations using APIs, web services, single sign-on and enterprise databases (e.g Oracle, PL/SQL, REST-based services, XML, JSON) Familiar with Software Development Life Cycle and Agile software development methodologies Applies software development coding standards, data privacy, secure coding, and quality assurance best practices Ability to communicate effectively with interdisciplinary teams, technical and non-technical staff at varying levels while exercising courtesy, professionalism, tact and discretion Flexible and adaptable with learning, understanding and applying new technologies, methodologies, tools and programming languages Strong written, oral, and interpersonal communication skills. Must be able to participate in meetings and group discussions, create formal and informal documentation as necessary Proven analytical, troubleshooting, and problem-solving skills, ability to investigate and assess software-related issues and products Highly self-motivated and directed Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment Ability to work both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment Keen attention to detail and a quality driven mindset Collaboration & Collegiality Continuous Learning & Information Seeking Effective Interactive Communication Initiative Integrity & Accountability Student & Service Focus Analytical Thinking Accuracy and Attention to Detail Conceptual Thinking Results Oriented Effective Task and Time Management Creative Thinking Technical Expertise Problem Solving & Judgement Fostering Innovation 
ScrapedJobID175:
Program robot systems in an automotive, industrial manufacturing, or assembly setting Commission, setup, install and troubleshoot industrial robot systems Work on spot welding, MIG welding, dispense/sealing, and material handling applications Perform quality inspections prior to machine shipments as required Commission, setup, install and program PLCs and HMIs in accordance with the customer requirements Develop and design control systems logic Ensure test procedures are performed smoothly and safely by surrounding technicians Record data from test parts and assemblies Assist project teams in reviewing documents and plans Investigate malfunctioning/damaged products, identify problems and report findings to lead Engineer(s) Provide excellent customer service when working on location Employ clear communication skills with customers, management lead Engineers and other employees Adhere to all related safe work practices and customer safety requirements Work in accordance with lead Engineer specifications and guidelines Generate documentation to support quality compliance programs as required Diploma or bachelor’s degree in a relevant field (Automation/Electrical/Mechanical Engineering Technology etc.) Relevant work experience will be considered 3+ years of industry experience preferred General Motors GRS (Global Robotic Specification) certification an asset Experience with Allen Bradley or Siemens PLCs and HMIs is an asset Experience with E Plan software is beneficial Experience with robot brands such as ABB, Yaskawa / Motoman, Nachi, and Kuka an asset. Automotive / Assembly industry experience is beneficial Travel throughout Canada and USA required. Junior $25.00 - $30.00 Mid-Level $31.00 - $39.00 Senior* $40.00 - $49.00 * Junior $27.00 - $35.00 Mid-Level $36.00 - $45.00 Senior $46.00 - $65.00 Overtime pay 10 hour shift 12 hour shift 8 hour shift Day shift Night shift Overtime Weekends No 
ScrapedJobID176:
A gamer: You know one key to mastering gameplay mechanics is playing games. A lot. You love it Passionate for developing core games: pushing boundaries is your thing, and you love taking and overcoming challenges A problem solver: You know a problem when you see one, and you also know that if you put on your blindfold, the problem will come back later and bite you and your fellow developers in the rear right before the next milestone’s deadline. So you get in there, look past the obvious solutions, dig deeper and get it out of the way Creative: You know gameplay programming requires creative talent in order to be fun in the end, and you are here to put yours to good use A team player: Being a brilliant team player, you love working with others towards a common goal, be it designers, artists or fellow techies. Achieving results is what matters most to you Keen on writing simple code that is easy to read, easy to debug, easy to maintain and easy to optimize Help define the feel of our core gameplay Dig deep into the codebase of our tech to improve existing systems Design and implement new gameplay features and systems from scratch for multiple, unannounced projects for PC and consoles Closely work together with the design team to bring the game’s design to life Surprise the team and the players by adding your very personal Mojo to the stuff you’re working on C++, Qt, Git, SVN, 3D Math At least 2 years of professional programming experience Helped shipping at least one title successfully 
ScrapedJobID177:
Computer Programming/Programmer, General Computer Programming, Other Computer Science Computer Software and Media Applications, Other or equivalent experience Unity3D Microsoft Visual Studio Game studio Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications C C++ C# OpenGL Fast-paced environment Attention to detail Willing to relocate Relocation costs covered by employer Networking software 3D graphic software Programming software Software development Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized Remote work available Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits RRSP Benefits Vision Care Benefits Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID178:
Work alongside a small team of enthusiastic coders to solve challenging problems Engage with designers to gather requirements and find the best feel for the game Iterate rapidly to create the best possible gameplay experience for our players Deploy powerful tools with intuitive UX that are easy to pick up by content creators Empower audio designers by improving and maintaining our audio integration 5+ years developing games in Unity Solid understanding of C# 9.0 Shipped at least one game made in Unity Experience with ECS Experience writing or maintaining a variety of gameplay systems such as movement, collision, projectiles, buffs, status effects, etc Experience profiling and optimizing game code A strong drive to break through any obstacle Love for Turn-Based Strategy games Experience connecting audio to gameplay Familiarity with audio solutions such as Wwise and FMOD 
ScrapedJobID179:
On call Yes 
ScrapedJobID180:
Android Microsoft Visual Studio Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Visual Basic VB Script Java C C++ .NET React Native Angular.js Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Tight deadlines Linux Internet Intranet Programming software Software development MS Office SharePoint API Salesforce Initiative Accurate Team player Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID181:
Autonomy: There's no red tape on what technology frameworks you can use, or what language you should be coding in. We believe in using the best tool(s) for the job, and learning any new ones along the way. Scope: You won't be adding small features to a monolithic codebase; you will be building entire products from start to finish. Your team members will recognize you for the products you build and the impact these products have on their workflow. You will have the opportunity to identify the business needs for a particular product, work through the development life cycle, and interact with your customers directly. Interesting Problems: Much of what we do is in uncharted territories. As a result, we are often posed with interesting and challenging engineering problems, which will encourage you to prototype, iterate, and innovate. It's part of the company culture to encourage crazy ideas, and celebrate failures as learning opportunities. Many of the design problems you will encounter won't have answers on Google or Stack Overflow, they will encourage you to come up with unique approaches and strengthen your design thinking. Growth: Working at a start-up is a great way to supercharge your skillset, and accelerate your learning. You will be put in a fast-paced environment where you're always working at the bleeding edge of technology. Web Development: React.js, Flask Data Warehousing: Elasticsearch, PostgreSQL DevOps: Docker, Kubernetes, Azure, Terraform, Ansible Computer science or related background Previous experience in at least 1 software development role in industry Solid experience with JavaScript front-end frameworks (React.js is highly desirable) Proficiency in Python Experience with Python data analysis and visualization tools (Pandas, NumPy, Plotly) Experience with CI/CD tools (GitLab CI, GitHub CI, Jenkins, Circle CI, or similar) Become familiar with our vertically integrated technology stack and get a high-level understanding of the projects the team is working on and how they fit in with the company’s goals Start developing on your first project which will be a data visualization tool that will be used by researchers to explore our cycling database Have released the first version of the data visualization tool, and be collecting feedback to include in further revisions Begin working on a continuous integration pipeline to allow the software team to release new features faster and more frequently. Have released several additional revisions to the data visualization tool based on user feedback Built out a continuous integration pipeline that you and the rest of the software team will use for bug fixes and feature releases 
ScrapedJobID182:
Program coordination and collaboration with organizations, agencies, and individuals for seasonal programs such as Day Camps Day to day supervision, mentorship, and leadership of Instructor I and II’s Along with the Outdoor Recreation Programmer, develop and deliver staff training sessions/programs in job specific duties, guest services, and internal procedures Oversee program spaces and program equipment in coordination with SWC services, other facilities, and parks to facilitate program and event site usage Perform as part of the Recreation Programming Team to provide supervision, leadership, and guest services problem solving Assist the Outdoor Recreation Programmer with recruitment, staff development, projects, and other duties as required Actively engage with program and facility guests while providing excellent customer service Assist with surveys/feedback collection, guest retention strategies, and orientation programs Excellent communication, leadership, and team-building skills, with proven ability to maintain high standards of safety, quality, and cooperation Ability to work independently, on a team, and in a variety of environments Strong organizational and problem-solving skills Demonstrate subject matter expertise in programming related to outdoor skills, adventure education, and/or environmental education Proficiency with Microsoft Office and scheduling software, and knowledge of safe work practices In the process of obtaining or completing post-secondary education in physical education, recreation, tourism, environmental studies, or a related field Minimum 4 years of related experience in outdoor skills, adventure education, environmental education, and/or recreation-related supervision Ability to maintain current First Aid/CPR, WHIMIS, criminal record, vulnerable sector, and child intervention checks The following certifications/licenses are an asset to the position:
Minimum 40-hour Wilderness Advanced First Aid (WAFA)
CANSI I (Classic only) Instructor and NCCP Community Coaching (cross country skiing)
Alberta Class 4 drivers’ license Minimum 40-hour Wilderness Advanced First Aid (WAFA) CANSI I (Classic only) Instructor and NCCP Community Coaching (cross country skiing) Alberta Class 4 drivers’ license In accordance with the Employee COVID-19 Vaccination Directive and Procedure, all employees of Strathcona County are required to be fully vaccinated and provide proof of vaccination by December 1, 2021, or will be required to participate in a rapid testing program. Submission of Satisfactory Criminal Record Check Submission of Satisfactory Vulnerable Sector Check and Child Intervention Record Check Valid Alberta Class 5 Driver’s license and submission of a 5-year Driver’s Abstract with less than 7 demerits 
ScrapedJobID183:
Assist with the design, development, optimize, and document features of our internal compute graph project Ensuring a high level of architectural quality, performance in the developed code and features Debugging and fixing deficiencies Support members of other teams / clients as they adopt the technology developed Support the technology on multiple hardware platforms Partnering and collaborating with peers and managers Currently pursuing a B.Sc (or equivalent experience), Master’s or Ph.D. in Computer Science/Engineering, Math/Physics/Statistics or a related field Strong Python and C++ skills (best if we can see your GitHub) Experience working in large scale code bases/ projects A solid sense of software architecture Proven ability to optimize code / data for performance Phenomenal team player and collaborator Excellent verbal and written communication Experience with CUDA or GPU Background of graphics or experience with OpenGL, Direct3D, Vulkan API Knowledge / experience with HPC architectures Knowledge of USD 
ScrapedJobID184:
Develop and maintain web applications using modern technologies like HTML 5, CSS, JavaScript, Vue, Nuxt, MySQL Use issue and project tracking tools like Atlassian Jira Use Github to submit changes to our repositories Help with the creation of automated functional tests Provide client support when necessary Strong interest to learn more about technology Willingness to learn multiple new technologies quickly Friendly attitude A client service attitude Self-motivated Able to work without constant supervision Self-identifies as belonging to an under-represented group: Indigenous Black and people of colour 2SLGBTQQIA+ Neuro-diverse Persons living with a visible or invisible disability Women Youth from care Non-binary Other Must be eligible to work in B.C. Has completed training or education, whether at a post-secondary institute or through other recognized pathways: Must have completed the training program on or after December 1, 2019 Can be a student, including co-op students and international students If a student, is enrolled at an accredited post-secondary institution in B.C. or has completed a recognized training program that the employer feels has prepared them for effective employment. Access to professional online training courses to learn HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Vue, Nuxt, Github Dedicated time to take the training courses One-on-one sessions with experienced professionals You can work from home. We do not have an office to work from. The work hours are flexible. You will need a reliable high-speed internet connection. You will need a reliable laptop or desktop with a webcam and microphone. $ 20 per hour / 35 h per week 6 days of paid vacation/sick time Monthly allowance of $ 50 to cover costs for internet, electricity, computer, etc. 
ScrapedJobID185:
Informer et divertir via les applications de Bell Fibe TV et les applications de TV5Unis; Alimenter la passion des fans de hockey via l’application du Canadien de Montréal; Repenser l’épicerie via les applications de Sobeys/IGA; Donner accès à un médecin 24/7 via l’application de télémédecine Olive; Planifier et simplifier des sorties en motoneige via l’application BRP GO! de BRP; Faciliter la recherche et la découverte de vins et spiritueux via l’application de la SAQ; Assurer un service d’information régionale via l’écosystème de journaux numériques de CN2i/Omerlo; Bâtir la pharmacie de demain via l’écosystème de Familiprix. Tu collabores à la conception et à la réalisation de produits numériques de calibre mondial (applications mobiles, applications Web et services Cloud Native); Tu participes aux cérémonies agiles et tu as ton mot à dire sur l’évolution des produits, peu importe ton rôle dans l’équipe; Tu enrichis l’équipe avec tes connaissances; Tu contribues à créer des expériences utilisateurs exceptionnelles. Tu es passionné.e et toujours orienté.e vers les résultats. Tu es capable d’évaluer et gérer les priorités et tu as une bonne capacité à analyser et comprendre les situations. Tu as une expérience de travail variée et tu es familier.ère avec les frameworks modernes Web ou mobiles. Tu as des connaissances Elixir, Kotlin, Swift, Ruby, TypeScript, Java, React ou GraphQL (ou pas, pourvu que tu veuilles apprendre!); Tu as la volonté de bâtir des produits et services de haute qualité; Tu es autonome et proactif.ve; Ton savoir-faire et ton savoir-être contribuent à rendre l’équipe meilleure; Tu as un minimum d’expérience en développement logiciel; Tu as une connaissance approfondie des concepts fondamentaux de design, de développement orienté objet (ou de développement fonctionnel!) et tu as un intérêt pour la programmation réactive. Inform and entertain via the Bell Fibe TV apps and the TV5Unis apps. Fuel the passion of hockey fans via the Montréal Canadiens app. Rethink grocery shopping via the Sobeys/IGA apps. Provide 24/7 access to a doctor via the Olive telemedicine app. Plan and simplify snowmobile outings via BRP’s BRP GO! app. Facilitate the search and discovery of wines and spirits via the SAQ app. Provide a regional news service via CN2i/Omerlo’s digital newspaper ecosystem. Build the pharmacy of tomorrow via the Familiprix ecosystem. Collaborate on the design and delivery of world-class digital products (mobile apps, web apps and cloud native services) Participate in agile ceremonies and contribute to product evolution, regardless of your role on the team. Make the team stronger through sharing your knowledge. Help create exceptional user experiences. You need to be comfortable in French since we have a predominantly French speaking work environment. You are passionate and always committed to results. You can assess and manage priorities. You demonstrate a good ability to analyze and understand situations. Your work experience is diverse and you are familiar with modern web or mobile frameworks. Knowledge of Elixir, Kotlin, Swift, Ruby, TypeScript, Java, React or GraphQL—and if not, being strongly motivated to learn them. A commitment to building high-quality products and services. Autonomy and proactivity. The expertise and people skills that help make the team better. A minimum of experience in software development. A deep understanding of fundamental design concepts, object-oriented development (or functional development!) and an interest in programmation réactive. 
ScrapedJobID186:
Work with cutting edge technology to develop new solutions Collaborate with our UI/UX and visual designers to craft the best user experience Work closely with other software developers, as well as the hardware design and development teams, to ensure our entire technical ecosystem interoperates smoothly Build software and services primarily in JavaScript and TypeScript Develop new features in React (web) and React Native (mobile) Help improve our software development processes Participate in brainstorming sessions and contribute ideas to our technology and products Work towards the achievement of the company vision statement Diploma/Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field combined with software development training Minimum of 1 year of relevant software development or web development work experience Experience with JavaScript and modern frameworks Experience with relational and NoSQL databases Experience with cloud technologies (AWS preferred) Experience with version control systems (Git preferred) Trunk Based Development experience would be considered an asset Experience working in a Agile environment Analytical thinker, with a creative mind, and an adaptable nature Ability to work well on your own, or as part of a team Excellent communication skills with the ability to clearly present solutions, while efficiently multi-tasking A rewarding career path that helps you learn, grow, and showcase your talent An environment in which you are recognized and appreciated for what you do Unlimited paid vacation (Yep. Unlimited. Paid. Vacation (within reason, of course!) Flexible hours (no set ‘office hours’— you work 40 hours per week and meet your role requirements) Training and Development Allowance Program Health and Wellness Allowance Program Competitive salary structure Annual salary increases Employee Stock Option Purchase Plan Comprehensive Group Health, Dental and Vision Benefit Plan Employer-matched RRSPs Maternity & Parental Leave Top-Up Program Modern, open, fun office environment (we work hard, but we’re not scared of a good time) Dynamic downtown location with free parking Fun, quarterly team-building events New pair of high-quality noise reducing headphones Innovative workflow software and technology (we’re major Slackers — internal communications have never been more awesome) 
ScrapedJobID187:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code, Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required, Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions, Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software, Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements, Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications, Program special effects software for film and video applications, Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications A bachelor's degree in computer science or in another discipline with a significant programming component or Completion of a college program in computer science is required. Experience is an asset. 
ScrapedJobID188:
Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care On-site parking Vision care 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID189:
As a Programmer/Analyst, you will be heavily involved in programming and customer support activities – In doing so, you will provide first response by phone and/or by email to clients upon receipt of case/tickets; investigate, analyse, debug, and rectify simple and minor issues; and follow-up on customer needs, concerns, or inquiries, and handle troubleshooting to ensure requirements are met Implement simple code, application edits, and cosmetic (re)designs within established application functions and procedures, potentially involving rewriting and adding whole new application functions and procedures Analyze, design, implement (Execution of Coding and Form Design), test, communicate and coordinate parallel testing and migration with both Client and QA Perform work outlined by Team Leader via the Case Management System and the Project and Implementation Infrastructures Participate in customer requirement studies to gather information and understand customer needs/requirements Perform all assigned project tasks to execute Statement of Work (SOW) Compose and publish knowledgebase articles Provide on-call after hours support on a rotating basis/as required A coder and skilled problem solver who enjoys working in a tight-knit group An excellent communicator both when writing and speaking – you’re comfortable speaking with clients and coordinating with internal teams to ensure timely resolution of support-related cases Someone who is open to learning new technologies and, on occasion, working with legacy applications Someone who gets excited about making our customers happy A sense of humor goes a long way! A Degree/Diploma in Computer Science or a related field 1 - 3 years of hands-on programming experience – recent grads are welcome! Previous experience in customer support or client facing roles considered an asset Demonstrated ability implementing core solutions utilizing effective programming and database technologies Demonstrated knowledge of relational database technology Award-winning culture that fosters growth, diversity and inclusion for all Paid day off for your birthday Access to LinkedIn learning courses Continued education with our education reimbursement program Flexible schedules Free unlimited access to our refreshment stations (fully stocked with tea, coffee and other beverages) Two paid days for volunteer opportunities 
ScrapedJobID190:
A profound respect for user privacy and information security. Experience with contributing to the complete development lifecycle of a project from initial planning, through development, and into customer support. A critical eye for detail while understanding that perfect is the enemy of good. Consideration for code quality with an ability to deliver appropriate and effective feedback to teammates. A willingness to make “someone else’s problem” into “your problem”. A strong understanding of how servers and clients interact, API design, and efficient database design. Experience working in any modern server-side language, with bonus points for Go (which is what we use). Demonstrate abilities in other server-side languages and we trust that you will learn Go just fine. Experience building web applications with JavaScript. Familiarity with Typescript and modern frameworks like React (both of which we use) are certainly nice, but not required. The most important part of this job is approaching new challenges with curiosity and the drive to fix root causes, not paper over symptoms. We provide mentorship opportunities to those who want it, and support professional development on the job, with a budget to back it up. If you bring a desire to do the right thing for our customers, a sense of ownership over the product you work on, and a focus on shipping quality code, we want to hear from you. To assist with designing, building, deploying, and support new and existing features in key areas including our client web application, command-line tool, integrations, security reporting, billing system, developer tooling, and more. To write a lot of Go and/or Typescript with robust unit and integration tests. To document the decisions you make when creating new features so the rest of your team members can follow along. To keep security and privacy front of mind in all aspects of your work. A collaborative group where the team succeeds as a whole. We understand that balance is important in life and deeply value our supportive and flexible work environment. Remote-first environment with flexible working hours to accommodate work-life balance Competitive salary, a comprehensive benefits package, and RRSP or 401K match program Employee Stock Options Program Flexible vacation and time off including additional personal and sick days Wellness programs, Employee Assistance Program and an annual wellness allowance Paid parental leave programs Professional development and peer recognition opportunities Company swag and a free family 1Password subscription (and a discount for friends!) 
ScrapedJobID191:
Eclipse Consulting firm Telecommunications industry Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications XML Object-Oriented programming languages Java JavaScript HTML CSS SQL Python Subversion (SVN) Criminal record check Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Unix Linux Database software Programming software HTML editing software Web service design Software development Data analysis software Business diagram software API Business intelligence Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Client focus Judgement Organized Remote work available Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits 
ScrapedJobID192:
or equivalent experience Consulting firm Startup company Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications MySQL JavaScript HTML DHTML CSS XML Technology (XSL,XSD,DTD) SQL Ajax JQuery React.js Angular.js Git Unix Linux Internet Database software Servers Security software Mail server software Programming software HTML editing software Software development API 
ScrapedJobID193:
Casual dress Company events Dental care Discounted or free food Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday JavaScript framework (React, Angular etc): 1 year (preferred) SQL: 1 year (preferred) academic software or electrical engineering studies: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID194:
Create, validate, maintain and QA custom document transformation “profiles” using Conexiom’s proprietary toolset and C# Real-time troubleshooting and fixing of “live” profiles using Conexiom’s proprietary toolset and C# Maintain and advance internal technical documentation for the Connection Development team Written and verbal communication with clients After-hours support on a rotational basis Post-Secondary degree in Computer Science, Engineering or other relevant degree with strong programming skills 1 year corporate experience using C# (preferred) or Java, or other equivalent experience strongly preferred Excellent English communication skills both verbal and written Outstanding attention to detail Ability to work independently and in a team setting Experience creating and/or maintaining technical documentation is an asset Casual work environment with exceptional growth opportunities Generous time off policies in all locations, including an Open Paid Time Off Policy in North America, and Flex days in the UK Comprehensive health, dental & vision insurance Competitive salary In-office lunches and snacks Company-sponsored happy hours, social events, and great swag 
ScrapedJobID195:

ScrapedJobID196:

ScrapedJobID197:
Transform business requirements and research into winning delivery solutions that meet performance goals. Rigorously build and test applications. Systems administration: monitor, configure, back-up, authenticate, tune. Aim for defect-free programming, create and maintain quality code, provide support during testing cycles and post-production deployment, engage in peer code reviews. Contribute to project plans, estimations and status updates. Identify issues, develop and maintain processes that address and resolve them, (communicate with stakeholders as needed). Primarily focus on day-to-day activities. Make enhancements and troubleshoot. Configure and develop custom components with technology partners (analysts, developers, designers etc.) to meet requirements and goals. Make sure applications are free of common coding vulnerabilities (and follow standard security practices). Complete unit and integration testing (per standards and design specs). Take part in scope assessment, risk and cost analysis. Stay on top of state-of-health monitoring and monthly SLA targets. Apply and share technical expertise during incident management life cycle (e.g. analyze reports and outages, perform impact assessments, facilitate stakeholder communication). Undergraduate Degree or Technical Certificate. 2-3 years relevant experience. Sound knowledge of the business, technical environment, standards, processes, procedures, programming languages and operating systems. Readiness and motivation to work on low to moderately complex tasks under general supervision. Ability to develop program specifications. adapt, integrate, code, test and debug programs, as well as execute several components of the development life cycle. Commitment to and belief in the quality of your deliverables. Inspire a positive work environment and help champion quality, innovation, teamwork and service to the business. Learn voraciously, stretch your thinking, 
ScrapedJobID198:
Code, test and maintain applications, web services and components in Microsoft C# and ASP.NET, and .NET Frameworks Write scalable, maintainable code using Microsoft naming conventions and best practices. Extensive knowledge of Object-Oriented Design, architecture and design patterns Clarify business requirements by working with business analysts and end users; create high-level and detailed design specifications to address user goals; formulate plans – outlining steps required to develop programs for design deliverables Participate in peer-reviewed requirements and design Estimate assigned work effort and be accountable for deliverables and completion dates Analyze, review and modify programs to increase operating efficiency Follow and improve established software delivery lifecycles, programming standards and frameworks Development includes new product investment initiatives and client-requested custom modifications and enhancements Ability to adapt in an environment that demands customer satisfaction Provide 24x7 (Tier 3) production and UAT/QA application support Require occasional overtime and travel Computer Science Degree or 3+ years of web development experience. 1+ years experience working in Java, .NET or another C-style language through personal or work experience 1+ years of experience with Web technologies (HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, jQuery Mobile, etc.) 1+ years of extensive development with MySQL or MSSQL databases Understanding of client/server and multi-tier architectures Understanding and experience writing SQL queries and schema design. Experience developing UI and graphical components Understanding of REST and SOAP web services Experience building web applications and integrations using REST and SOAP web services Experience with a source control management solution (e.g. Subversion, GIT, etc.) Experience deploying web applications on Microsoft Internet Information Server and related technologies Experience leveraging open source components and technologies Full life cycle experience on enterprise or commercial software projects Experience developing UI and graphical components for various client layers Strong English documentation skills Strong problem-solving, analysis and troubleshooting skills Drive to continually improve and learn Ability to comprehend & follow established procedures Ability to make decisions using critical reasoning Ability to prioritize, manage multiple responsibilities and meet deadlines Strong communication skills (written, reading comprehension, listening, verbal) in English Ability to work independently without high degree of supervision Ability to collaborate and communicate effectively with team members and maintain effective working relationships Ability to adapt and change as priorities and needs change Exceptional customer service approach working with internal users and external customers Bonus pay Dental care Extended health care RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Can you, after employment, submit your verification of your right to work in the United States or Canada? Yes 
ScrapedJobID199:

ScrapedJobID200:
Proficiency in a web development language, such as Python, Golang, PHP or Ruby Experience with Javascript, preferably Angular, TypeScript, ES6 or other common JS frameworks Experience with relational databases and SQL, preferably MySQL Linux experience Background or interest in web engineering at scale Ideally, a Github page with contributions to open source software Tertiary Degree in Computer Science / Engineering (or related) 
ScrapedJobID201:

ScrapedJobID202:
CSS, HTML5 and JavaScript Net Environment (ASP.NET MVC) jQuery, LESS/SASS, Bootstrap, AJAX and RWD Front-End Debugging Tools (ex. Chrome) Git, JIRA, Confluence and Slack Create, integrate and maintain responsive design Collaborate in an Agile environment along with a dynamic team composed of software developers, architects, product managers and quality assurance specialists Innovate and optimize Web structure to maximize reuse and facilitate maintenance Ensure the trusty performance of our sites on all platforms: mobile, Web and tablet Configure and test the display of each site on multiple platform screens (responsive design) ensuring its compatibility with different Web browsers Optimize and improve website user experience (UX) Recommend and apply best Web practices Technical or Collegial diploma pertaining to Web Development or Multimedia Integration 7-8 years’ experience in a similar position Excellent knowledge of French and English (spoken and written) Excellent knowledge of our technologies, especially CSS and HTML Excellent Knowledge of JavaScript Knowledge of Frameworks Javascript (Angular, VueJS) Strong interest for technology watch Critical spirit related to Visual Design Ability to communicate, write and synthesize information Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Strong sense of organization and prioritizing Basic knowledge of Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator applications Competitive compensation package Comprehensive employee benefits Career Development opportunities Flexible hours and collaborative working spaces Possibilities of international assignments 
ScrapedJobID203:

ScrapedJobID204:
Investigating and correcting client custom work in TSQL/SSIS/SSRS/C#. Investigating and correction of integration solutions using various technologies such as SQL Server, WCF Services and Web APIs in C#, JSON, SML and Microsoft SQL Server Data tools. Thorough unit testing of development work. Engage with the Support Team Members, Team Leads, Managers, account managers, Technical Solutions Expert, Clients and Management. Development of new client requirements. Comparing technical specification and updating of technical specification where required. Investigating and correcting of Qlik dashboards. BSC Computer Science or relevant qualification. Advanced T-SQL (Minimum 4 years' experience). Intermediate level SSRS, SSIS. Intermediate C#. Understanding of RESTful Web services / Web API's / WCF Services and JSON. Experience in a customer facing role. Understanding of N-Tier systems: Presentation, application and database layers that form large systems. Experience in Qlikview / QlikSense dashboard development. Client support. Power BI experience. Database design, development. Knowledge of SSAS. Integration or dashboard/reporting experience. Administration Knowledge of SQL Server. Ability to document technical specifications, processes and procedures. Good understanding of different development methodologies. Excellent communication Skills – written and oral. Positive attitude, team player. High attention to detail. Quality conscious, analytical, assertive, ability to multitask. Self-starter and quick learner. Professional and presentable. Own It! Do the right thing Embrace Ideas Win together Think Beyond 
ScrapedJobID205:
Design, develop, and test simple and comprehensive APIs that enable games to communicate with our global services. Collaborate with other Harbour teams working on global services. Guide game development teams throughout SDK integration. Maintain and optimize SDK performance. Support operations teams in deploying and debugging Harbour services. Stay up to date on technological advancements to continuously improve our efforts. An undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent Knowledge of object-oriented and C ++ programming languages & standard template libraries * Solid analytical capabilities and synthesis skills A highly collaborative spirit & results-oriented focus Attention to detail, resourcefulness, and plenty of flexibility Knowledge of online or web development an asset 
ScrapedJobID206:
Participate in the entire application lifecycle, focusing on coding and debugging Write clean code to develop functional web applications Troubleshoot and debug applications Perform UI tests to optimize performance Collaborate with Front-end developers to integrate user-facing elements with server side logic Gather and address technical and design requirements Liaise with developers, designers and system administrators to identify new features Proven work experience as a Back-end developer In-depth understanding of the entire web development process (design, development and deployment) Hands on experience with programming languages like Java, Ruby, PHP and Python Working knowledge of CMS framework Familiarity with front-end languages (e.g. HTML, JavaScript and CSS) Excellent analytical and time management skills Teamwork skills with a problem-solving attitude BSc degree in Computer Science or relevant field Yes 
ScrapedJobID207:
Contribute as a designer and developer to design, code, and release software for an Android / multi-process RTOS OS such as QNX Participate in the implementation of the Vehicle Audio Control Service Participate in improving and maintaining existing Infotainment Software Participate in feature requirements analysis and test-case design review Participate in feature prototyping, testing, and refinement Participate in improving and tailoring existing drivers, stack and applications to our needs Provide clear and complete documentation based on the definition of the software development process Collaborate with other engineers by using Scrum/Agile development process. Be able to occasionally travel domestically and internationally 3+ years designing and developing in C++ or Java Experience in object-oriented software development, algorithms, and data structures Experience working with large code bases, developing entirely new code and maintaining existing code Exposure providing guidance, leadership, and mentoring to team members Ability to investigate issues based on limited information. Demonstrated high level of analytical ability to resolve complex problems Creative, disciplined, strong sense of responsibility, delivery and schedule commitment Strong interpersonal communication and organizational skills Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent field Advanced degrees preferred 
ScrapedJobID208:
or equivalent experience Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Research and evaluate a variety of software products Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications MySQL SQL Python Git Shell script Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Handling heavy loads Manual dexterity Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Willing to relocate Relocation costs not covered by employer Unix Linux Internet Database software Networking software Networking hardware Networking security Servers Security software Programming software Software development API Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Judgement Organized Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits Vision Care Benefits 
ScrapedJobID209:
Create complete end-to-end applications using NodeJS, TypeScript, MongoDB and React Build large scale REST API’s serving over 1 million requests a month Help bridge the gap between the sales and engineering teams Engage with other engineers to identify root problems and create fixes Build internal administration tooling to streamline user management, onboarding, reviews and other internal operations Provide input to product design and help optimize UX flows for our customers Work closely with customers and identity, debug and help fix their issues Participate in agile project planning Work with product management to plan features and estimate their complexity Manage a portfolio of key clients Identify attrition risks and develop custom retention plans Be a voice for accounts internally and other team members to understand product concerns, shortcomings, and missing features that are retention risks. Have a minimum of 2+ years experience in a full stack engineering or developer position, preferably in the tech / startup universe. Have experience with JavaScript/TypeScript - we’re a Node.js, TypeScript, React platform Have strong knowledge of REST API services and how they are designed Have experience working with and creating REST API documentation Have strong written and communication skills, with the ability to explain complicated technical systems in a way that non-technical people can understand Are perpetually curious and always learning - whether about the latest languages, frameworks, best practices or the tech industry in general Rise to a challenge and can handle change and uncertainty, at times Are a team-player - our team is small and mighty, and we collaborate constantly - we want someone who is always willing to pitch in and isn’t afraid to ask for help Are a self-starter, a problem-solver, and a creative thinker The opportunity to help shape our client and its engineering practices as it scales A huge impact building automated solutions with the potential to go international Personal and professional growth. We care about getting better everyday and leveling up. Our goal is to make Our client a step-change career opportunity. A competitive salary + equity for the right candidate (in the future) Bonus pay Dental care Extended health care On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday "Are you comfortable communicating with clients/prospects?" REST API: 1 year (preferred) MongoDB: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID210:
Develop visually appealing front-end/back-end website architecture, including mock-ups and wireframes from our UX and UI designers Maintain, improve, and test our web and mobile applications Develop functional databases, applications, and servers to support the website on the back end Give and receive constructive feedback on your team’s work via code reviews and testing Effectively contribute suggestions and new ideas to enhance performance and usability Keep your skills up-to-date and make recommendations on software approaches, architectures, and vendors Aspire to take a high degree of code, process, and delivery responsibility Enthused to work in an agile / high-paced environment where code backed by automated tests is shipped into production frequently Collaborate with a cross-functional team to plan, design, and execute sprints Develop and implement low-latency, highly performant server-side components by writing efficient, reusable, and maintainable code Collaborate with team members to contribute to improvements in process and infrastructure Leverage available tools/systems to proactively identify and resolve defects Implement effective security protocols and data protection measures Work with frontend developers on the integration of application elements Proficiency with fundamental front end languages such as HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Experience working in diverse teams Must have at least 1 year of experience working as a Back-end developer Proficient level of Node.js experience with components, classes and associated technologies Good knowledge of popular node libraries/components in open source community Brainstorm, concept, and collaborate with architects, front-end, and product team to come up with practical application solutions. Following and implementing the latest coding trends, tricks/hacks and best practices along with conveying the message to the other team members Excellent verbal and written communication skills and able to interact professionally with a diverse group of people Familiarity integrating with external APIs and SDKs Strong skills writing testable and maintainable code Strong foundation with unit testing Good understanding of asynchronous programming Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git Experience with MongoDb and Redis data storage solutions, or other DB solutions Collaborate with team members to contribute to improvements in process and infrastructure Leverage available tools/systems to proactively identify and resolve defects Implement effective security protocols and data protection measures Work with frontend developers on the integration of application elements Node.js, Typescript, JavaScript, Express.js, MondoDb, Redis, Jest, Yarn and related technologies React.js, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Jest, Yarn and related technologies An Agile mindset with experience working in Agile environment Swift/Kotlin experience A spirit of collaboration and transparent communication A natural curiosity for new scripting languages , frameworks and technologies High personal code/development standards (peer testing, unit testing, documentation, etc) Team spirit and a sense of humour is always great Bonus pay Company events Discounted or free food Flexible schedule Paid time off Profit sharing Stock options Tuition reimbursement Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Overtime Node.js: 1 year (preferred) Express.js: 1 year (preferred) React: 1 year (preferred) Amazon Web Services: 1 year (preferred) Microservices: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID211:
Develop visually appealing front-end/back-end website architecture, including mock-ups and wireframes from our UX and UI designers Maintain, improve, and test our web and mobile applications Develop functional databases, applications, and servers to support the website on the back end Give and receive constructive feedback on your team’s work via code reviews and testing Effectively contribute suggestions and new ideas to enhance performance and usability Keep your skills up-to-date and make recommendations on software approaches, architectures, and vendors Aspire to take a high degree of code, process, and delivery responsibility Enthused to work in an agile / high-paced environment where code backed by automated tests is shipped into production frequently Collaborate with a cross-functional team to plan, design, and execute sprints Develop and implement low-latency, highly performant server-side components by writing efficient, reusable, and maintainable code Collaborate with team members to contribute to improvements in process and infrastructure Leverage available tools/systems to proactively identify and resolve defects Implement effective security protocols and data protection measures Work with frontend developers on the integration of application elements Proficiency with fundamental front end languages such as HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Experience working in diverse teams Must have at least 1 year of experience working as a Back-end developer Proficient level of Node.js experience with components, classes and associated technologies Good knowledge of popular node libraries/components in open source community Brainstorm, concept, and collaborate with architects, front-end, and product team to come up with practical application solutions. Following and implementing the latest coding trends, tricks/hacks and best practices along with conveying the message to the other team members Excellent verbal and written communication skills and able to interact professionally with a diverse group of people Familiarity integrating with external APIs and SDKs Strong skills writing testable and maintainable code Strong foundation with unit testing Good understanding of asynchronous programming Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git Experience with MongoDb and Redis data storage solutions, or other DB solutions Collaborate with team members to contribute to improvements in process and infrastructure Leverage available tools/systems to proactively identify and resolve defects Implement effective security protocols and data protection measures Work with frontend developers on the integration of application elements Node.js, Typescript, JavaScript, Express.js, MondoDb, Redis, Jest, Yarn and related technologies React.js, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Jest, Yarn and related technologies An Agile mindset with experience working in Agile environment Swift/Kotlin experience A spirit of collaboration and transparent communication A natural curiosity for new scripting languages , frameworks and technologies High personal code/development standards (peer testing, unit testing, documentation, etc) Team spirit and a sense of humour is always great Bonus pay Company events Discounted or free food Flexible schedule Paid time off Profit sharing Stock options Tuition reimbursement Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Overtime Node.js: 1 year (preferred) Express.js: 1 year (preferred) React: 1 year (preferred) Amazon Web Services: 1 year (preferred) Microservices: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID212:
or equivalent experience Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Object-Oriented programming languages Java C C++ C# Python Scala Hadoop Fast-paced environment Attention to detail TCP/IP Spreadsheet MS Windows Internet Database software Networking software Networking security Extranet Intranet File management software Security software Presentation software Mail server software Web service design Mapping and data visualization software Database management MS Office Initiative Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Organized Medical Benefits 
ScrapedJobID213:
Development of production processes Develop manufacturing and processing procedures Develop computer applications for machines and processes Read blueprints and drawings Criminal record check Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Tight deadlines MS Excel MS Windows Computer numerical control (CNC) machines Programming software MS Outlook Computer-aided design (CAD) Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Organized Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits 
ScrapedJobID214:
Develop and iterate on new features, working closely with Design and Backend engineers to achieve a polished product Create and enhance ways to display analytical data to our users, primarily using Highcharts Regularly conduct peer reviews, code audits and promote good practices Influence design direction and work directly with design members to iterate UX solutions Work with other teams to build a technical ecosystem that enables high velocity, low-waste development Work with the integrations team to deliver shared reporting features. 5+ years using HTML/CSS 5+ years using Javascript 3+ years using React College/ University degree Profit-sharing, distributed quarterly Frequent promotions 3 weeks vacation and paid sick days Happy Hour every Friday Extended health benefits Continued education allowance Annual fitness allowance Work from anywhere in the world Join a bootstrapped, product-focused, & customer-oriented team 
ScrapedJobID215:
Control the design of new and exciting features involving both backend / frontend work Improve website SEO and website / app UI/UX Set up and manage external APIs interacting with betstamp’s backend Optimize database queries and endpoint speed Build analytic features to analyze betstamp’s backend data Port pages from the web to the app or vice versa (and optimize them) Python Django / Django Rest Framework React (web) React Native / Expo (mobile) Strong passion for sports / sports betting 2+ Years of Software Development Experience 
ScrapedJobID216:

ScrapedJobID217:
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or Engineering. 2+ years of development experience Ability to work and consult with colleagues as well as independently Eager to learn from senior staff Collaborate and bring forward ideas in team meetings Utilize established development tools, guidelines and conventions including but not limited to ASP.NET, SQL Server, HTML, CSS, JavaScript/JQuery, and C# Experience with both Web Forms and MVC Design, code and test new Web software applications Enhance existing systems by analyzing business objectives, preparing action plan and identifying areas for modification and improvement Maintain existing software systems by identifying and correcting software defects Investigate and develop skills in new technologies Create technical specifications and test plans Company events Dental care Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID218:
As per the Canada Summer Jobs Program, participants must be between 15–30 years of age and must be legally entitled to work according to the relevant provincial/territorial legislation and regulations. 
ScrapedJobID219:
Own the product from a technical perspective making changes to stack, adding services, refactoring code, changing infrastructure, and adding or removing any tools as necessary Collaborate with Tax Specialists and Developers in drafting functional specifications Develop software with an emphasis on concretely enhancing user experience (reducing delivery times for engagements, reducing error rates, etc.) Architect, code and debug problematic code Improve cloud-based applications infrastructure and deployment pipelines Change database structure and write queries that optimize performance and/or resource usage when possible Work with containers and Kubernetes in development and production environments Take part of code reviews as both a reviewer and reviewee BS in Computer Science or equivalent combination of education and professional work experience 3-5 years of demonstrated development experience building web applications Experience with HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript, requiring solid cross-browser ES6+ skills/TypeScript Experience with automated testing frameworks and pipelines Proficiency using any Reactive Front-End frameworks like AngularJS, React, Vue.JS, Svelte, etc. Experienced building scalable and maintainable REST APIs using Node.JS or other back-end frameworks Strong fundamental knowledge of relational databases (SQL in particular) and ability to write performant queries Ownership; we need you to help own codebase, infrastructure, and write performant and maintainable code that both you and your team can work with Experience using version control software (i.e. Git), and Waterfall and Agile development methodologies Practical Experience using mainstream cloud services AWS, MS Azure and GCP Fundamental knowledge of Linux system administration Hungry for experience, and eager to learn in a rapidly changing industry A curiosity that looks to redefine the norm and sees technology and innovation as a tool to open new doors and new opportunities Passionate and capable of delivering solutions with a high attention to detail Ability to communicate complex ideas to different audiences 
ScrapedJobID220:

ScrapedJobID221:
Expert at HTML+CSS Expert with Javascript (JQuery, Script.aculo.us, Prototype) Familiarity with cross-browsing and responsive technologies Knowledge of frameworks (Bootstrap, Symfony, PHPCake, Zend, etc) Back-end programming experience Knowledge of PHP or ASP.NET Experience with Different types of Databases (MySQL, MsSQL, etc.) 3+ years of Front End developing and testing Experience working in a formal software development environment Linux, Mac O/S, MySQL, PHP 4/5, Apache/Light HTTP technology experience based on LAMP model 
ScrapedJobID222:
Build and maintain our project using JavaScript ES6 Translate design and wireframes into high quality code Optimize code for maximum performance across multiple browsers Mentor and grow junior developers to help ramp up their knowledge Troubleshoot and monitor issues occurring in production Future-oriented:  You have the future in mind when you are building the project Team player:  You work well within a team environment and are not afraid to give honest feedback to your peers Communicative: You enjoy contributing to technical discussions with your peers and are not afraid to ask questions 3+ years of web development experience using JavaScript 2+ years of experience using React.js Strong proficiency in JavaScript, including DOM manipulation Experience writing quality tests and achieving test coverage goals Experience using TypeScript Experience with common front-end development tools such as Babel, Webpack, etc Thorough understanding of React.js and it’s core principles Familiarity with newer specifications of EcmaScript Familiarity with good JavaScript design principles and patterns Familiarity with RESTful APIsFamiliarity with modern front-end build pipelines and tools Understanding of SOLID and Dependency Injection principles Experience with Vue.js Experience with CircleCI or Github Actions Experience with iFrames Experience with WebSockets 
ScrapedJobID223:
Job Type: Full-time. Keywords: Developer, Java, JSON, RESTful APIs, Web services, C#, .Net. Job Location: Canada. Flexibility: Efficient and disciplined professionals can work from home, or in hybrid mode at the office and at home. Competitive compensation package based on proficiency and experience. Generous and unique benefits. Possibility of rapid advancement based on performance. The person in this role will learn to work with the Salesforce platform. The person in this role can progress onto the role of Salesforce Developer. Analyze complex business problems and requirements. Contribute to the design and implementation of solutions on the Salesforce platform (Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Experience Cloud, CPQ, etc.). Including but not limited to: flow, workflow, process builder, APEX trigger, batch jobs, Lightning components, visual flows and integrations to third party applications via API (web services - REST/JSON). Work in close collaboration with various internal teams and external customers. MANDATORY: 2+ years of development experience using one or several of Java, JSON, RESTful APIs, Web services, C#, .Net. MANDATORY: Good written and spoken English. BA or College/CEGEP degree in IT or equivalent, or self-taught with a high level of competency. Good cultural fit: helpfulness, communication, dynamism, motivation, autonomy. #WeCareWeLead unique culture of helpfulness and leadership with all colleagues and customers. High growth company with its dynamism and challenges. Flexible schedule and ability to work from home. Personal and professional growth. Generous and unique benefits. 1% Pledge with Nonprofits. 
ScrapedJobID224:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Bondable Work under pressure Attention to detail Initiative Team player Dependability Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID225:
or equivalent experience Xcode Microsoft Visual Studio Sublime Text Consulting firm Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications XML Visual Basic VB Script Object-Oriented programming languages MySQL JavaScript HTML CSS COBOL ASP XML Technology (XSL,XSD,DTD) SQL Soap Ajax JQuery C# .NET ASP.NET Python React.js Angular.js Git Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) Model-View-Controller (MVC) PowerBuilder Subversion (SVN) Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Relocation costs covered by employer Spreadsheet Database software Security software Programming software HTML editing software Web service design Software development Website creation and management software MS Office API Business intelligence Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID226:
Design, develop, deploy, and maintain software solutions with a focus on quality and simplicity, keeping performance, maintainability, and reliability in mind Communicate effectively with the team members to identify and resolve technical issues Work closely with the product team to understand and implement the business requirements Follow standards and processes to complete and support application projects 1-4 years of experience in software development Interest in health care and how technology can be used to improve it Experience working with modern web technologies and cloud-based solutions A self-starter with the ability to work in a fast-paced environment with minimal supervision and adapt to the changing needs of a project Effective communication skills with technical and non-technical team members in a fully remote working environment A desire for continuous growth through mentorship, peer review, and individual contributions A degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field Proficient with any part of our technology stack: React, React Native, TypeScript, Node.js, and Postgres Experience with SQL, TypeORM or other ORM frameworks Experience with AWS and CircleCI Commitment to your development and growth through a professional development budget, in-house coaching, and mentorship Work remotely at a company that has been remote-first for years Work with a high-energy, fast-paced, and high-performing team Salary: 75-110k/year, commensurate with experience + benefits package Necessary equipment and tools to enable you to do your best work A challenging and fulfilling opportunity to make a tremendous impact on the vision and success of the company Profit sharing and paid vacation Bonus pay Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Profit sharing Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Are you eligible to work in Canada without employer sponsorship? Yes 
ScrapedJobID227:

ScrapedJobID228:
Work with a team to develop and extend the Sentry product by writing software in either Python or JavaScript (or both) Be responsible for full software development lifecycle - design, development, testing, and operating in production Communicate effectively with other engineers in the same team, with other teams, and with various other stakeholders (such as product managers) Act on feedback, coaching, and mentorship from your manager and teammates You want to actively use the product you're building (we dogfood Sentry every day) You want to start your career at a high-growth startup You want to join a modern software development team that iterates & ships code rapidly You're excited at the opportunity to contribute to an open-source project every day B.S. or higher in Computer Science (or similar degree program) graduating in Fall 2021 or Spring 2022 At least 1 previous internship or equivalent practical experience Implementation skills with one or more general-purpose programming languages, e.g. Python, JavaScript, Java, etc. Good knowledge of algorithms, data structures, and object-oriented design principles Experience working with version control and unit testing The start date is September 2022 Competitive salary and meaningful equity 100% medical, dental, and vision coverage for employees, 75% company-paid for dependents Monthly commuter subsidy Learning & Development stipend Charitable matching program Generous parental leave policy Flexible working schedule and vacation policy, work from home policy, and real work/life balance Catered lunches Company events (Hack Weeks, All Hands, quarterly social events) and friends and family events Relocation assistance - you are living in, or willing to relocate to, Toronto, Canada area 
ScrapedJobID229:
Maintain clean and functional codebase for both frontend and backend services Work closely with operation team members to understand moderately complex product requirements, and translate them into software designs Collaborate with engineering, product management, and other teams in an agile environment to design, develop, test, and maintain SavvyPro’s core web ecosystem Successfully implement development processes, coding best practices, and code reviews Take ownership of the modules, and always be ready to share the knowledge with the team Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related discipline 1-3 years experience with frontend web development (HTML/CSS/JS, ReactJS/VueJS/AngularJS) 1-3 years experience with backend api development using NodeJS, Python or Golang Knowledge of MySQL/PostgreSQL [SQL] and MongoDB [NoSQL] databases Good verbal and written communication skills for documenting workflows, tools, or complex areas of a codebase Experience with CI/CD, Message Queue and ElasticSearch is considered an asset Employee discount Referral program 8 hour shift Frontend Development: 1-3 years RESTful/GraphQL APIs: 1-3 years NodeJS, Python or Golang: 1-3 years Mandarin (Preferred) Company events Paid time off 8 hour shift Front-end development: 1 year (preferred) NodeJS, Python or Golang: 1 year (preferred) Mandarin (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID230:
Review protocols for CDISC conformance Review Case Report Forms and eCRFs with CDISC CDASH and SDTM conformant elements Write and manage SAS code for mapping clinical data to SDTM data structures in conformance with Emmes’ SDTM Implementation Guide, project standards, and the study protocol Create DEFINE specifications for mapping of SDTM compliant datasets Review and QC submission ready SDTM datasets, define.xml, and supporting documentation, as appropriate Provide CDISC training and serve as a subject matter support to project staff Maintain and coordinate CDISC standards efforts, ensure maximum reuse of applied standards, involvement in ongoing process improvement efforts and working with teams to provide technical and process guidance Stay current with the evolution of all CDISC standards and be involved in creation and maintenance of process documentation Other duties as assigned Bachelor’s degree, scientific discipline preferred with at least 2 years of SAS programming experience in the production CDISC-compliant data structures including SDTM SAS Certified Base Programmer certification required Experience with development, documentation, and testing of analysis data and programming code to meet regulatory and company standards Good organizational and communication skills, the ability to work in a collaborative environment, and a desire to improve skills are essential 
ScrapedJobID231:

ScrapedJobID232:
We are passionate about public safety. We are highly skilled, problem-solvers. We are collaborators who are invested in the communities we work in. We are more than employees; we are serving the greater good. We are committed to life-long learning and development. We operate with the highest integrity. Help design and build business critical reports and dashboards in PowerBI and other BI tools Analyse data and generate insight to answer key management and operational questions Identify, analyse, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets Work with the business to prioritize business and information needs Understand business processes and data to establish transformation and consolidation rules to support report development Write and maintain SQL scripts as needed Work with data transformation & ETL to support report development Support data profiling, governance, and cleansing activities Investigate technical issues in data cleansing and transformation scripts Document data related requirements and current state processes Undergraduate or graduate degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, or Engineering, or an equivalent combination of education. 5 years of experience as Data Analyst, Business Intelligence Analyst or Report developer Experience with MS Excel, Power BI, CRM Dynamics 365, Oracle, Azure ADF, Synapse or similar products. Deep understanding of database design principles, query execution plans, stored procedures Strong ETL concepts Expert level of knowledge of SQL and T-SQL or PL/SQL Expertise in Data cleansing, Governance and Data transformation Tools and best practices – ie. DQS, Attacama, Collibra, AWS, Azure, etc. Excellent documentation and presentation skills 
ScrapedJobID233:
Developing user-facing applications using Vue.js Building modular and reusable components and libraries Optimizing your application for performance Implementing automated testing integrated into development and maintenance workflows Staying up-to-date with all recent developments in the JavaScript and Vue.js space Keeping an eye on security updates and issues found with Vue.js and all project dependencies Proposing any upgrades and updates necessary for keeping up with modern security and development best practices. Highly proficient with the JavaScript language and its modern ES6+ syntax and features. Highly proficient with Vue.js framework and its core principles such as components, reactivity, and the virtual DOM. Familiarity with the Vue.js ecosystem, including Vue CLI, VueX, Vue Router, and Nuxt.js Good understanding of HTML5 and CSS3, including SASS and Less. Understanding of server-side rendering and its benefits and use cases. Knowledge of functional programming and object-oriented programming paradigms. Ability to write efficient, secure, well-documented, and clean JavaScript code. Familiarity with automated JavaScript testing, specifically testing frameworks such as Jest or Mocha. Proficiency with modern development tools, like Babel, Webpack, and Git. Experience with both consuming and designing RESTful APIs. Bonus pay Work from home 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID234:
You are between 15 and 29 years of age You are a resident of Ontario You are able to commit for the duration of the program Individuals from black communities, indigenous communities, visible minorities, persons with disabilities and women are encouraged to apply You have either studied or have experience in design, information technology (coding/ computing etc.), marketing or business Tuition reimbursement Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID235:
Build and maintain our project using JavaScript ES6 Translate design and wireframes into high quality code Optimize code for maximum performance across multiple browsers Mentor and grow junior developers to help ramp up their knowledge Troubleshoot and monitor issues occurring in production Future-oriented:  You have the future in mind when you are building the project Team player:  You work well within a team environment and are not afraid to give honest feedback to your peers Communicative: You enjoy contributing to technical discussions with your peers and are not afraid to ask questions 3+ years of web development experience using JavaScript 2+ years of experience using React.js Strong proficiency in JavaScript, including DOM manipulation Experience writing quality tests and achieving test coverage goals Experience using TypeScript Experience with common front-end development tools such as Babel, Webpack, etc Thorough understanding of React.js and it’s core principles Familiarity with newer specifications of EcmaScript Familiarity with good JavaScript design principles and patterns Familiarity with RESTful APIsFamiliarity with modern front-end build pipelines and tools Understanding of SOLID and Dependency Injection principles Experience with Vue.js Experience with CircleCI or Github Actions Experience with iFrames Experience with WebSockets 
ScrapedJobID236:
Assurer le bon déroulement des activités production; Maîtriser les automates programmables de type Allen-Bradley et Siemens; Remplir tous les documents reliés au travail; Entretenir et calibrer les circuits électriques des équipements; Réparer les systèmes de contrôles industriels électroniques et/ou mécaniques ; Effectuer du troubleshooting électronique/mécanique des lignes de production; Inspecter le fonctionnement des équipements électriques et mécaniques; Effectuer de la maintenance préventive sur les équipements; Programmer les équipements de production (automates); Maintenir son environnement de travail rangé, propre et salubre; Participer à des travaux lors de nouvelles installations, apporter des solutions innovantes et apporter des améliorations aux installations actuelles; Répondre à des demandes d’informations précises concernant des travaux d’entretien en cours. Détenir un DEC en génie électrique ou équivalent.
Spécialisation: instrumentation & contrôle, électronique industriel ou électrodynamique (ou équivalent) Spécialisation: instrumentation & contrôle, électronique industriel ou électrodynamique (ou équivalent) Détenir une certification en électricité (licence C) Expériences suivantes sont considérées comme des atouts :
Siemens S7
Allen-Bradley 5000 (Device Net)
Calibration des senseurs pression, niveau, etc.
Asi- & Profi-bus. Ethernet.
Programmation HMI
Factory Talk
RS View Siemens S7 Allen-Bradley 5000 (Device Net) Calibration des senseurs pression, niveau, etc. Asi- & Profi-bus. Ethernet. Programmation HMI Factory Talk RS View Avoir le sens de l’organisation, le sens des responsabilités et posséder un sens de l’analyse poussée. Être alerte, attentif, vigilant et avoir un sens très développé de la santé et de la sécurité en entreprise. Appliquer et respecter en tout temps les normes de sécurité. Pouvoir travailler sous pression et garder son sang-froid Posséder au moins 3 à 5 années d’expérience comme électromécanicien dans un milieu manufacturier; Dynamisme, bon jugement, esprit d’analyse, sens de l’initiative; Être un joueur d'équipe et démontrer beaucoup de débrouillardise; Capacité à résoudre des problèmes dans des délais très courts; Faire preuve de beaucoup d'autonomie (être capable de travailler avec un minimum de supervision). Être capable de suivre les procédures écrites en regard aux procédés et équipements en place. Environnement de travail qui met l’accent sur la santé et la sécurité Culture de travail dynamique et inclusive qui vous encourage à vous montrer tel que vous êtes dans le cadre de votre travail Environnement de travail qui encourage la diversité 
ScrapedJobID237:
According to the Deloitte Fast 50 and Deloitte Fast 500, respectively. Write and test code that is performant, scalable, maintainable and meets functional requirements Collaborate with software developers, designers and product managers to build and drive innovation in our products Participate in code reviews and brown bags to help nurture a culture of growth and learning within the organization Bachelors' degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent experience 2+ years experience working in a similar or related role (including internships) Strong understanding of object-oriented software development Strong knowledge of Kotlin and the Android SDK Previous work experience with AWS is an asset Great verbal and written communication skills Ability to work independently or in a group setting Generous stock option package We match 100% of your contribution to your retirement plan up to $4000 annually Monthly public transportation stipend Annual gym membership stipend Dialogue membership - unlimited free video calls and texts with nurses and doctors anytime - they’ll even help you book IRL appointments 4 weeks of vacation and 5 sick/personal days Weekly happy hour Frequent team outings and off-sites Private healthcare - includes massages 
ScrapedJobID238:
As per the Canada Summer Jobs Program, participants must be between 15–30 years of age and must be legally entitled to work according to the relevant provincial/territorial legislation and regulations. 
ScrapedJobID239:
Working knowledge of Unity3d. Writes clear, maintainable, and highly functional code C# code Professional experience in Android or iOS development Writes and maintains custom shaders across a range of mobile device Experience writing unit tests and clean documentation. Experience with vertex level shaders and HLSL Responsible for mitigating risk on projects by ensuring we have the right resources doing the right work and flagging concerns in a timely manner Be proactive and solution oriented in the day-to-day and long term needs of the studio Liaison with technical/management/art team members to maintain vision/uphold quality Contribute to team cohesion and identity. Look for points of friction within the team and offer ideas for solutions. Identify opportunities for team building events and practices 
ScrapedJobID240:
The consultant should be proficient in COBOL, VSAM, JCL, DB2, CICS, MF Utilities and FM aspects of Mainframe technology Coding Retail or Grocery store experience is a must 
ScrapedJobID241:
Considerable knowledge of the recreational, social and cultural interests, requirements and resources of the area served. Considerable knowledge of organized community recreation principles and practices. Sound knowledge of methods, policies and procedures applicable to the work. Sound knowledge of all aspects of recreation programming including sport, children and youth, seniors, fitness and aquatics, among others. The ability to work with program budgets and operating schedules; supervise; and assist community groups. Direct experience working with volunteers and community in planning for services. A high level of interpersonal skills, flexibility and adaptability, and the ability to work independently with sound judgment. Proficiency with PerfectMind, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Publisher. Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Weekend availability No 
ScrapedJobID242:
Ideally 1+ years of hands-on experience in building enterprise-scale applications using Python. If you don't have 1 year of experience but feel you have the below skills & are a fast learner apply! Proficient in python with a focus on extracting information from HTML and other sources such as PDF – Selenium | Beautiful Soup | OCR (e.g., Textract, PDFMiner) Proficient with RDBMS and writing SQL queries – MySQL | PostgreSQL |SQLAlchemy Excellent written and oral communication skills Experience in cloud deployment – AWS (e.g., EC2, RDS, S3) | Google Cloud | Azure Understanding of popular API and web frameworks – Flask | FastAPI Understanding of industry-standard best practices such as design patterns, coding standards, testing, etc. Casual dress Stock options Work from home 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID243:
Linux + Bash Jira (Administrator skills) Confluence (Administrator skills) 
ScrapedJobID244:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Program special effects software for film and video applications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications 
ScrapedJobID245:
Bachelor's degree in Software Engineering or Computer Science, Computer Systems Technology Diploma, or related technical degree, diploma or certificate Proficiency in modern software language (JavaScript) Must be a permanent Canadian resident (Optional) Proficiency / interest in marketing Develop software with the ability to take on tasks and independently work on them to completion Follow best practices to write clean, maintainable, scalable, and tested software Maintain and improve the performance of existing software Clearly and regularly communicate with management and development team Test and maintain software to ensure strong functionality and optimization Recommend improvements to existing software programs as necessary Company events Dental care Extended health care Vision care Wellness program 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID246:

ScrapedJobID247:

ScrapedJobID248:
Company events Dental care Discounted or free food Employee assistance program RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Monday to Friday Product Developing: 3 years (preferred) Driver's License (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID249:
Supports research and development of development frameworks, and definition of standards. Leads and implements initiatives as required to deliver business objectives. Conducts independent analysis and assessment to resolve strategic issues. Builds effective relationships with internal/external stakeholders and ensures alignment. Monitors and tracks performance, and addresses any issues. Reviews the work of other team members as required. Provides input into the planning and implementation of operational programs. Decomposes business requirements and translates them into detailed design specifications and code. Interacts with key business & technology stakeholders to define, analyze, and deliver requirements that reflect the needs of both the business and end-customers. Assesses the costs and benefits for different solutions and recommend/decide on appropriate designs. Designs solutions, writes code, performs unit testing, develops appropriate artefacts / documentation, and facilitates final delivery. Supports production issues, includes independently completing root-cause analysis and diagnosis. Devises new algorithms and data structures for target environment and platform attributes in alignment with architectural patterns. Builds solutions that are supportable, scalable and achieve our aspiration of common assets. Recommends or automates approaches to streamline and integrate technological processes and/or systems to improve operational efficiency and effectiveness. Supports the management of specific project deliverables & outcomes. Identifies opportunities to strengthen the development capability, such as: sharing expertise to promote technical development, mentoring employees, building communities of practice and networks. Stays abreast of industry technical and business trends through participation in professional associations, practice communities & individual learning. Focus is primarily on business/group within BMO; may have broader, enterprise-wide focus. Exercises judgment to identify, diagnose, and solve problems within given rules. Works independently on a range of complex tasks, which may include unique situations. Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed. As a full-time employee, we would require 2-4 years of experience, however as part of the BMO campus program, we are looking for motivated individuals with a strong desire to learn. Knowledge of software development practices, concepts, and technology obtained through formal training and/or work experience. Knowledge of required programming languages and can code with little oversight. Knowledge of technical/business environment and processes. Understand functional aspects and technical behavior of the underlying operating system, development environment, and deployment practices. Have facility with and understanding of the ecosystem that code operates in. Technical proficiency gained through education and/or business experience. Verbal & written communication skills - In-depth. Collaboration & team skills - In-depth. Analytical and problem solving skills - In-depth. Influence skills - In-depth. Data driven decision making - In-depth. 
ScrapedJobID250:
Write maintainable, testable, and performant software in collaboration with our world class team Participate in code review and performing extensive testing to ensure high quality software Research new technology and tools and share those findings with the team Communicate clearly and effectively with all members of our team Experience programming in .net or C# Graduated from a Computer Science, Software Engineering, or similar program Experience creating either web or native mobile applications Experience developing eCommerce solutions Strong command of important programming and computer science concepts Fundamental knowledge of core web principals (HTTP, the DOM, SSL, web servers) Great interpersonal skills - we work very closely together as a team and require a lot of communication Proactive personality and a desire to deliver your best work 
ScrapedJobID251:
Plan, design, implement, and help maintain efficient business and systems solutions in support of a custom on-demand solutions for various clients. The individual will be responsible for working closely with business end-user community, internal IT staff, and external staff. This position has hands-on responsibility for system prototyping/ configuration, development, testing, and support. Write and deliver code while understanding customer and business needs. Regularly give and receive feedback on designs and software product decisions. Work closely with Senior Developers performing maintenance and break/fix tasks Work closely with Senior Developers completing system enhancements Respond to requests for technical assistance via phone and electronically Diagnose and resolve technical hardware and software issues Inform Senior Developers of recurring problems Stay current with system information, changes and updates Perform other duties as required Bachelor's degree preferred Background in planning, developing, implementing, and maintaining custom software systems NET, C#, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, MYSQL, JavaScript, Query, Ajax, Python Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills; Attention to details is critical Ability to use source control / configuration management tools. Application/systems support experience Oral and written communication skills detailed analytical skills Learning skills Customer service orientation Problem analysis Problem-solving Adaptability Team interaction Planning and organizing Attention to detail Stress tolerance Follow the philosophy of Willowbrae Academy program and be able to communicate its goals and objectives to others. Attend regular staff meetings for the purpose of systems improvement, design and planning Keep all information pertaining to company software confidential. Dress suitably at all times following corporate dress code policy Except in the case of emergency, personal phone calls and texting are permitted only during lunch or breaks Start Date: As soon as possible Years of Experience Required: 2 Overnight Travel: None Dental care Life insurance Vision care 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID252:
Work with the Corra team on new ecommerce projects, from initial business development and discovery phases through implementation and deployment of the completed project Maintain and enhance existing ecommerce websites while adhering to best practices Play a significant role in the requirements gathering, working with Design and Delivery Managers by providing technical suggestions Work with Corra Design team to provide UX/UI technology direction to meet client budgets Partake in Scrum and Sprint planning calls and provide technical input (approach, estimate) Perform code review before deployment and provide technical review/ feedback to engineers Have a detailed technical understanding on work happening in assigned projects Have technical ownership of groups of projects React experience required Significant Frontend experience, including experience in HTML, CSS, and strong Javascript skills (including frameworks/libraries such as jQuery). NodeJS is a plus Experience using GraphQL API Familiarity with PWA concept Working experience with the ecommerce development process, and the ability to create solutions for common questions/concerns on this type of platform Understanding of common web analytics suites (Google Analytics, Omniture) and experience implementing these systems Comfortable researching and adopting new web technologies Familiar with SEO / SEM best practices Understanding of ADA compliance and coding practices around it 
ScrapedJobID253:
You will be embraced by a massive community of like-minded individuals You will level up your skills and experience what true mastery feels like You will get your fingerprints on really cool stuff Casual and flexible work environment, including the opportunity to work fully remote Competitive company-paid benefits plan Generous professional development budget Half day Fridays in the summer and extended holiday break in December An Ottawa office that offers collaborative workspaces, an in-office pool table, golf simulator, large kitchen and more! Develop software specifications that tailor case management solutions to our clients’ unique business needs Act as the link between our clients and our technical team, while working collaboratively with developers and testers Elicit requirements from clients varying in size (2-25+ stakeholders) while ensuring customer satisfaction as the primary deliverable Document process flows, business requirements and configurations Work alongside the Delivery Manager to determine project schedule while planning and leading sprint sessions Participate in activities to assist with process and documentation improvements Proven track record in analysis and implementation of business software applications Experience in a similar private sector role Ability to travel 10-20% of the time (once travel restrictions lift) Ability to multitask and prioritize competing responsibilities Excellent interpersonal skills and commitment to outstanding customer service Strong communication skills, both verbal and written, with a superior command in English Software programming knowledge would be considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID254:
Attitré·e à l’un ou plusieurs de nos différents projets en IA & Apprentissage Automatique, contribuer activement au développement de nouvelles méthodes de production et de test de jeux vidéo, en utilisant des modèles de pointe; Selon les aptitudes démontrées, participer à la résolution de problèmes de développement (de la détection d’émotions en utilisant la vision par ordinateur, à l’apprentissage par renforcement...); Collaborer avec les membres des équipes de jeu et de programmation sur divers projets de recherche. Étudiant·e au Baccalauréat ou à la Maîtrise en Sciences Informatiques, Génie Informatique ou Logiciel, Mathématiques appliquées ou autre domaine connexe; Solides connaissances du langage de programmation Python; Bonnes connaissances du langage de programmation C++ ou C#, un atout; Notions de tout outil d’Apprentissage Automatique (Scikit-learn, Pytorch, TensorFlow), un atout; Expériences diverses en Programmation (participation à des Game Jams, développement de projets d’études et/ou personnels), un fort atout; Bilinguisme français-anglais. Curiosité et désir de repousser les barrières du jeu vidéo; Autonomie, débrouillardise; Rigueur; Attitude positive et bonne communication; Collaboration et maturité à recevoir et partager des critiques constructives. De la passion et de l’ambition pour le Jeu vidéo sont essentielles! Intérêt marqué pour l’IA et l’Apprentissage Automatique, fortement apprécié. Assigned to one or more of our various AI & Machine Learning projects, actively contribute to the development of new ways of making and testing video games, using state of the art models; Based on your skills, participate in solving development problems (from emotion detection using computer vision to reinforcement learning agents...); Collaborate with game and programming teams on various research projects. Bachelor’s or Master’s degree student in Computer Science, Computer or Software Engineering, Applied Mathematics or in a related field; Solid knowledge of the programming language Python; Good knowledge of the programming language C++ or C#, an asset; Notions of any Machine Learning framework (Scikit-learn, Pytorch, TensorFlow), an asset; Diversified experience in Programming (participation in Game Jams, development of school and/or personal projects) a strong asset; Bilingualism: French-English. Curiosity and desire to push the boundaries of Video game; Self-driven and resourceful; Rigor; Positive attitude and good communication skills; Collaborative and maturity to receive and share constructive criticism. Passion and ambition for Video game are essential! Keen interest in AI & Machine learning, strongly appreciated. 
ScrapedJobID255:
1 year of front-end email development Experience building table-based HTML email layouts Experience building responsive email from scratch Experience using Salesforce Marketing Cloud (formerly ExactTarget) or another email deployment platform Experience testing HTML emails in Litmus Confidence without ego A glass-half-full type – positive attitude takes you places Focused on every last detail because you get the big picture Eager to question things – there is opportunity in questions Accountable – even when that means highlighting a mistake Eager to make those around you better Always up for a challenge Monday to Friday front-end email development: 1 year (required) building table-based HTML email layouts: 1 year (required) building responsive emails from scratch: 1 year (required) using email deployment platform: 1 year (required) English (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID256:
When you get in in the morning, you sync up to the latest code and data, and check your email. Then it's off to your morning scrum, where the team discusses issues that have arisen. You present avenues for AI improvement, and what you will be working on for the day – which is programming AI for non-playable characters' (NPCs) behaviours, navigation, decisional systems and traffic systems, for instance, and fixing AI-related bugs. In collaboration with designers, you ensure that the game's AI systems are coherent and maintain high standards of quality. An undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, or equivalent training or relevant experience Excellent understanding of C++, including refactoring, optimization, debugging and testing Strong experience in profiling and low-level optimizations Significant knowledge and experience with existing and cutting-edge AI technologies (e.g. pathfinding, behavior trees, planning, character controllers) Experience from modern game development and a never-ending curiosity for the games industry and new technology That rare mix of attention to detail and flexibility in your work organization A proficiency to communicate with all disciplines and to support and elevate the team in terms of quality and vision of the game You are creative and thirsty for innovation A hybrid, flexible work model Six weeks of vacation An enhanced parental leave program Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefits Package:
Disability Insurance
Dental Insurance
Extended medical insurance
(Optional) RRSP contribution
Relocation Assistance
Bonus (If Applicable) Disability Insurance Dental Insurance Extended medical insurance (Optional) RRSP contribution Relocation Assistance Bonus (If Applicable) 
ScrapedJobID257:
Kubernetes / OpenShift Docker Linux / Unix Must be eligible for an 4 month work term commencing January 2022. Java Python Bash Github Jenkins Co-op or internship program enrollment is preferred. 
ScrapedJobID258:
Leading functional programming and feasibility studies; Managing client and stakeholder relationships; Developing and refining project specific engagement processes; Assessing client needs and requirements; Developing strategic space plans through conceptual exploration and design development; Organizing and analysing data efficiently to inform space planning exercises; Collaborating alongside a broad, multidisciplinary consultant team and client groups; and Working on a variety of projects across the country. 
ScrapedJobID259:
Photos Any certificates that have photo identification Driver’s licences Police records checks Responsible for scheduling and assists with supervision of staff, including hiring, evaluation and discipline. Provides staff with the necessary training to supervise a safe and enjoyable swim program, promote good public relations, and facilitate public need. Ensures that all codes, standards, and regulations are clearly communicated and adhered to. Provides information and reports, keeps records and makes recommendations on matters pertain to the section. Receives and responds to public inquiries and requests, including pool bookings. Provides vacation relief for the Program Supervisor Aquatics. Performs such other related duties as may be assigned. Current certifications: CRCS/LSS Instructor, National Lifeguard Service, Standard First Aid CPR Level C, Aquatic Supervisory Training Two years’ experience as a head lifeguard, senior instructor, or other related position Ability to direct others and to issue and accurately comprehend written/oral information and instructions Ability to communicate effectively and concisely, both orally and in writing Ability to identify, understand,, and meet/exceed the requirements of internal and external customers Strong interpersonal skills Strong leadership skills, including the ability to motivate and recognize staff Self-starter with strong organization skills and the ability to work independently Basic skill level in word processing and spreadsheet software Must be competent within the meaning of the Occupational Health & Safety Act NSPF Certified Pool Operator First Aid Instructor and AED provider certification Must maintain all awards current from data of application until end of employment period Must undergo a successful Police Vulnerable Sector Check (PVSC) Must become certified as a First Aid and AED Instructor within 1 year of being hired Will be required to work irregular hours and weekends 
ScrapedJobID260:
Develop or assist in the development of a statement of requirements for software development projects Confer with systems analysts, engineers, programmers, and others to design system and to obtain information on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements, and interfaces Modify existing software to correct errors, allow it to adapt to new hardware, or improve its performance Develop and direct software system testing and validation procedures, programming, and documentation Establish and maintain customer/internal data creation standards. BS in Computer Science or related degree, or equivalent work experience. 3 - 6 years of experience in a technical role with direct hands-on skill set Strong .NET Skills: Web API, LINQ, Entity Framework, MVC Good at writing stored procedures, creating tables/DML queries Web development: HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular/React Good English communication skills' Bonus pay Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday What is your expected salary ? What is your resident status ? .NET: 5 years (preferred) JavaScript: 2 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID261:
Work with the Corra team on new ecommerce projects, from initial business development and discovery phases through implementation and deployment of the completed project Maintain and enhance existing ecommerce websites while adhering to best practices Play a significant role in the requirements gathering, working with Design and Delivery Managers by providing technical suggestions Work with Corra Design team to provide UX/UI technology direction to meet client budgets Partake in Scrum and Sprint planning calls and provide technical input (approach, estimate) Perform code review before deployment and provide technical review/ feedback to engineers Have a detailed technical understanding on work happening in assigned projects Have technical ownership of groups of projects React experience required Significant Frontend experience, including experience in HTML, CSS, and strong Javascript skills (including frameworks/libraries such as jQuery). NodeJS is a plus Experience using GraphQL API Familiarity with PWA concept Working experience with the ecommerce development process, and the ability to create solutions for common questions/concerns on this type of platform Understanding of common web analytics suites (Google Analytics, Omniture) and experience implementing these systems Comfortable researching and adopting new web technologies Familiar with SEO / SEM best practices Understanding of ADA compliance and coding practices around it 
ScrapedJobID262:
Must be completely proficient in the C# and/or C++ programming languages Working experience with Visual.NET development platform and C++ or C# Knowledge of C++ and/or C# libraries and tools, such as the template library, is needed Educational background in computer science, engineering, and/or mathematics 
ScrapedJobID263:
Participate in requirements analysis Collaborate with internal teams to produce software design and architecture Write clean, scalable code using .NET programming languages Test and deploy applications and systems Revise, update, refactor and debug code Improve existing software by suggesting areas for improvement along with possible solutions Develop documentation throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC) Proven experience as a .NET Developer or Application Developer 3+ years of experience in Angular 4+ 3+ years of experience in C#, .NET framework, .NET Core 3+ years of experience using HTML/CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, and Bootstrap Working knowledge of ASP.Net, XML, JSON, Ajax, MVP/MVC Working knowledge of data modeling, database design and programming (SQL, Oracle, PL SQL) Strong background in OOP, software design patterns and best practices Familiarity with architecture styles/APIs (REST, RPC) Excellent troubleshooting and communication skills Attention to detail Bachelor’s in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field Bonus pay Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Work from home Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID264:
Canadian Citizen or Permanent Resident (No exceptions) University Degree or Technical Degree in a technical discipline NextJS SQL Async Calls Socket / Websockets Node.Js Sequelize Flexible schedule Profit sharing Stock options Monday to Friday Have you read and confirmed you meet the eligibility criteria for this role? NextJS: 1 year (preferred) ReactJS: 1 year (required) Node.js: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID265:
You will be embraced by a massive community of like-minded individuals You will level up your skills and experience what true mastery feels like You will get your fingerprints on really cool stuff Casual and flexible work environment, including the opportunity to work fully remote Competitive company-paid benefits plan Generous professional development budget Half day Fridays in the summer and extended holiday break in December An Ottawa office that offers collaborative workspaces, an in-office pool table, golf simulator, large kitchen and more! Develop software specifications that tailor case management solutions to our clients’ unique business needs Act as the link between our clients and our technical team, while working collaboratively with developers and testers Elicit requirements from clients varying in size (2-25+ stakeholders) while ensuring customer satisfaction as the primary deliverable Document process flows, business requirements and configurations Work alongside the Delivery Manager to determine project schedule while planning and leading sprint sessions Participate in activities to assist with process and documentation improvements Proven track record in analysis and implementation of business software applications Experience in a similar private sector role Ability to travel 10-20% of the time (once travel restrictions lift) Ability to multitask and prioritize competing responsibilities Excellent interpersonal skills and commitment to outstanding customer service Strong communication skills, both verbal and written, with a superior command in English Software programming knowledge would be considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID266:
Create functional PLC and HMI Programs using mechanical and controls design and information, using Allen Bradley Studio5000, FactoryTalk View, Siemens TIA Portal, and Ignition Develop and implement the communication and I/O interfacing between devices and systems Download offline programs into the machinery and troubleshoot I/O, communications, and machine function Develop a safety PLC program in accordance with OSHA, RIA, and CSA standards for the automated system to ensure proper function. Document results on safety checklists Understanding of standard communication protocols between machinery and functionality of custom equipment (Ethernet, DeviceNet, IO-Link) Identify deficiencies within the process and make the necessary adjustments for improvement Work with customers, project managers, designers, millwrights, and electricians to solve problems Commission the equipment at the customer location by testing the interfacing between equipment, setting up communications between devices, performing I/O checks, and completing unit tests A Degree or Diploma in Electrical Engineering and/or sufficient industry experience and training Minimum 2 years PLC experience in automation/custom machine build field Preference given to those familiar with GM and Magna standards Computer Expertise: Windows 10, Microsoft Office, Adobe PDF Knowledge of custom machine building and processes including welding, assembly, vision, laser, etc. Ability to work openly in a team environment and communicate ideas and problems clearly to projects team Strong ability to work with Allen Bradley Studio 5000 software, FactoryTalk View HMI development, Siemens TIA portal, and Ignition Understanding of Ontario Electrical Code and Electrical Circuits Knowledge of pneumatics and pneumatic circuit function Familiarity with how the different systems interface to the PLC Familiarity with common industrial networking protocols. Knowledge of OSHA, RIA, CSA Safety Standards Excellent verbal communication skills and able to participate in high-level machine operation discussions Sound analytical thinking, planning, prioritization, and execution skills Effective attention to detail and a high degree of accuracy Effective research and Information gathering Ability to work openly in a team environment and communicate ideas and problems clearly to the projects team Creativity and decision making Troubleshooting and communicating clearly and concisely Ability to meet deadlines and execute multiple project tasks Ability to travel for on-site commissioning (USA, Canada, Mexico) Overtime pay 10 hour shift 12 hour shift 8 hour shift Day shift Night shift Overtime Weekend availability No 
ScrapedJobID267:
Managing the IT environment Internal management of IT environments, such as supporting internal departments in the implementation of SaaS or On-Prem solutions. The system administrator leads the migration of On-Prem services to the Cloud and links data from different systems together (accounting system, HRMS, project management software, and others). Maintaining the IT environment The system administrator acts as a specialist for the Microsoft 365 Power Suite (Power Apps, Power Automate, Power Bi, etc.). Assists the IT team with internal support requests. Develops and maintains technical documentation, references, and procedures. Developing the IT environment The system administrator participates in transformation projects and in the improvement of IT tools and processes (with the help of Power Apps, web, SaaS, Powershell, etc.). They integrate Cloud environments (Amazon Web Services, Azure, etc.), manages Intranet sites (SharePoint Online) and collaborate in the evolution of existing technologies by recommending solutions to improve the reliability and capabilities of systems and tools. College diploma or bachelor’s degree in computer science (or equivalent training) with a minimum of five years of relevant experience In-depth knowledge of the Office 365 suite (Power BI, Power Apps, Power Automate, SharePoint lists, etc.) and Microsoft Azure Mastery of scripting languages (especially PowerShell) Excellent knowledge of SharePoint Online development Bilingual (English and French), both spoken and written Flexible schedule with an option to work from home Generous paid time-off package to support and encourage work-life balance (vacation leave, personal paid time-off, company-wide paid time-off during the holiday season in addition to statutory holidays). A comprehensive compensation and benefits package, including medical, dental, vision, life insurance, long-term disability and 401K 24/7 Employee Assistance Program and telemedicine Team-oriented, collaborative work environment where curiosity and risk-taking are encouraged The opportunity to take ownership of results and see projects through from design to implementation Focused professional nurturance to help you shape your own career 
ScrapedJobID268:
Previous dimensional measurement experience either on a coordinate measuring machine (CMM) or portable arm Understanding of GD&T Excellent communication skills 
ScrapedJobID269:
A post-secondary degree in Recreation/Leisure Studies or a two (2) year community college diploma in Therapeutic Recreation Gerontology Certificate an asset Minimum one year work experience in providing leadership in recreation planning and implementing of programs in a long-term care setting an asset Possess current Class Four Driver’s License, or be willing to obtain such, with excellent driving record Possess current Emergency First Aide/CPR Certification Maintaining an active membership with the NS Therapeutic Recreation Association and keeping current with new programming approaches and trends in the field, an asset Must possess the following characteristics and skills: strong interpersonal skills, including active listening and empathy; effective oral and written communication skills; excellent organizations and planning skills; creative problem-solving and good assessment skills Basic computer skills required Free Parking & on Bus Route Competitive benefits package Comprehensive Orientation A supportive work environment No 
ScrapedJobID270:
Ensure that all business activities are performed with highest ethical standards and in compliance with ATS code of business conduct. Adhere to all Health and Safety rules and procedures. Comply with all ATS Policies / Procedures / Instructions as defined Ensure that all business activities are performed in accordance with the ATS Confidentiality Policy. Lead or Participate in Continual Improvement Activities Assist in completing tasks to ensure product quality is consistent to original design. Aid in the procurement of new measuring devices. Facilitate the repair or external calibration / verification of measuring devices. Work with manufacturing team members to perform process troubleshooting and process / part resolution. Coordinate daily cross functional review of suspect parts for MRB disposition Assist and coordinate with engineering the launch of new parts. Assist in PRP (Product Realization Planning) activities, as appropriate. Complete reviews of part First Article Inspections. Co-ordinate and execute gauge capability studies, MSA’s Program and setup inspection equipment including the CMM Monitor metrology, environment stability. Order and coordinate set up of new inspection equipment. Coordinate the completion of special tests in lab. Coordinate instructions and lab activities. Coordinate calibration activities of the plant by using applicable third party companies or calibrating equipment in-house. Assist the FAT / ATP run as appropriate Monitor and ensure compliance to ISO policies and procedures. Perform other duties as related to those outlined above, or which may be completed based on individual skill or experience. Quality Technicians must possess a grade 12 education or equivalent with additional upgrading courses involving CMM technology. Must be a Certified Quality Technician or possess equivalent experience. Minimum one year experience Programing CMM equipment or equivalent. PC-DMIS experience would be considered an asset Knowledge of fundamentals of quality assurance program (graduate from a recognized program an asset). Able to understand and apply SPC (statistical process control) program. (graduate from a recognized program an asset) Knowledge of GD&T (geometric dimensioning & tolerance) (graduate from a recognized program an asset). Must be able to use measuring equipment such as vernier, calipers and micrometers. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Computer literacy and knowledge of Microsoft Office necessary. Work in compliance with divisional health, safety and environmental procedures Refrain from removing or altering safety devices or guarding unless hazardous energies are controlled through lockout-tagout methods Report any unsafe conditions or unsafe acts Report defect in any equipment or protective device Ensure that the required protective equipment is used for the assigned tasks Attend all required health, safety and environmental training Report any accidents/incidents to supervisor Assist in investigating accidents/incidents Refrain from engaging in any prank, contest, feat of strength, unnecessary running or rough and boisterous conduct 
ScrapedJobID271:
Production of clean, structured, documented, efficient, error-free, and concise code. Responsible for the full understanding of task requests and providing the best solutions based on both client and company needs, as well as overall development goals. Effectively communicate and prioritize needs, resolve conflicts, and develop the best possible solutions within the budget and timeline constraints provided. Participate in peer code review and provide constructive feedback and support to peer developers. Responsible for seeking feedback from subject matter experts during planning, development, and code review, including peer developers and development directors. Responsible for using and understanding modern development tools including, but not limited to: PhpStorm, git, Gitlab CI, Sass, NodeJS, npm, Yarn, Gulp, etc. Accurately track time spent on tasks through the use of detailed time log descriptions. Communicate risks, issues, or potential problems and escalate to the appropriate stakeholder, regardless of the size or scope of the issue at hand. A College diploma, University degree, or relevant job-related experience. We welcome highly experienced, self-taught, and self-motivated learners who express a strong passion for web development Working knowledge of Javascript, HTML, and CSS as well as understanding how to use Front-end build tools, such as yarn, sass, gulp, etc. Ability to use Bootstrap and/or Foundation, as well as LESS and/or Sass Experience with LAMP and LNMP Development Stack (Linux(Ubuntu), Apache/Nginx, MySQL, PHP) Experience with Git Source Control and best practices Experience with PHP 5/7, OOP, MVC, XML/XSLT, REST Object-oriented JavaScript Experience (Ajax, jQuery, NodeJS, JSON etc.) Experience with MySQL databases, data modeling/design technique and database tuning Knowledge of any additional languages, such as Java, Python, C++, Ruby, etc. 
ScrapedJobID272:
Linux Film or video production company Python Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Tight deadlines Relocation costs covered by employer Software development Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized Remote work available Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Dental Benefits Life Insurance Benefits Vision Care Benefits Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID273:
Work with UX specifications and deliver on clean and responsive front-end (HTML, CSS, minimal JS) code to customer specifications. Develop user interfaces, and write code to support cross-device, cross-browser compliant user actions based off provided requirements. Very strong English verbal and written communication skills. Strong client-facing, presentation and relationship skills. Focus primarily on front-end development using HTML, CSS and some JavaScript. Comfortable with using other frameworks besides jQuery. Experience with working to UI specifications. Add polish and support the release of a Riot.Js applications. Utilize team-oriented version control software (Git) in accordance with company standards. Comfortable in owning the testing of own scope prior to release back to team. Minimum 5 years of development for mobile web, specifically with responsive web development. HTML + CSS3, ideally LESS/SASS experience on other projects that included multiple streams of work. Experience in creating dynamic web 2.0 application. Experience in assessing scope and deadlines and working to them. Assets: riot.js/react framework, ecommerce front-end development. Solid understanding of responsive/mobile-first design, web standards, UI/UX best practices. Able to work efficiently and meet/exceed deadlines under pressure. Willingness to learn domain knowledge when required 
ScrapedJobID274:
Process and structure human resources activity data from a variety of sources. Design and develop effective business intelligence solutions consistent with the studio's needs: build dashboards, create query and data modelling tools, implement reporting systems, produce ad hoc reports, etc. Provide guidance to HR members on how to understand and use data while facilitating groupthink processes. Maintain a direct link with the HR community to be aware of issues, goals, and problems. Maintain business intelligence solutions + ensure data integrity and accuracy. Promote sharing of best practices with your team and ensure that business intelligence evolves. Experience in data engineering (or other relevant experience) A thorough understanding of Tableau and MicroStrategy Good knowledge of SQL programming language (Python is an asset) A degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering (or other relevant training) Effective English and French communication skills: you can interact with people from other departments and adapt your message to technical and non-technical audiences alike Very thorough, detail-oriented, and accurate data processing: you care about the quality of data and show integrity and discretion managing confidential data Your CV, highlighting your background and skills 
ScrapedJobID275:

ScrapedJobID276:
Able to write high quality code. The position will primarily involve programming in Go and Perl, but we are happy to hear from people with experience in other languages. A programming exercise will be given to all applicants. Comfortable developing for Linux or a similar platform. Experience writing tests and documentation. Excellent written and spoken communication skills. The ability to work with a geographically dispersed team. An interest in picking up new languages. Though most of our code is Perl and Go, we maintain open source libraries in several different languages. Open source contributions. Tell us about them! An interest in performance and security. Experience working with a cloud provider. Our systems run on Google Cloud Platform. Experience doing code reviews. Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID277:
Implement front-end applications using technologies like React, Redux, Next.js, styled-components, Node.js, Express, GraphQL Apollo, KeyCloak, Docker Interact with the development and products team in the design and implementation process Write well-designed and tested code Create and update technical documentations Support continuous improvement by investigating alternatives and technologies and presenting these for architectural review A BS/MS degree in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent qualifications Strong analytical skills and knowledge of algorithms and data structures 2+ years of proven, hands-on application development experience Experience in scalable, testable, and composable application design and implementation Proven working experience in TypeScript / JavaScript and React Capacity for building server-side components using Node.js and Express as application server Understanding of UX Design best practices Experience in using GraphQL and Rest API microservices Communication skills for effective teamwork Ability to keep pace with an agile environment Fluency in English Flexible working hours and arrangements An entrepreneurial, international, and dynamic work environment A shared mission to drive accountability and responsible behavior of companies, thus creating positive change A company that embraces diversity, because life would be boring if we were all the same! Casual dress Dental care Flexible schedule Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID278:
Perform controlled incident resolution including prioritization and escalation, involving business and technology partners as appropriate. Service applications and systems, provide application, systems, operational availability levels that meet or exceed standards and service levels already established, while minimizing operational risk. Promptly schedule packaging and release new applications in a timely manner, reduce change execution times by planning implementations with parallel work streams (while working with stakeholders as appropriate). Strive to improve production environment stability by working with others to set up, maintain and monitor applications and systems, while meeting availability targets. Provide prompt, effective day-to-day support, accurately identify and resolve issues, perform controlled and timely incident resolution all while making client satisfaction a top priority. Deliver effective and defect-free support (application, software and operations), research system issues and opportunities, recommend changes, oversee execution, keep accurate documentation. Design, review, integrate application requirements (e.g. functional, security, integration, performance, quality, operations). Address application, cross-capability and cross-release issues. Gain understanding of technical aspects of project and break-fix development related to the application, advise developers and solution designers. Assume incident management role (communicator, tracker, escalator, driver, etc.). Monitor system life cycles, ensure both specs and functionality support business objectives and architecture decisions, re-develop as required. Use meaningful metrics to monitor environment performance. Improve performance and resource utilization by assessing and analyzing opportunities to optimize the operational environment. Follow established processes/standards, business technology architecture, risk and production capacity guidelines; plan, monitor and escalate issues as required. Comply with both disaster and business recovery plans. Identify/implement process improvements to enhance revenue, customer experience and reduce costs. Support business case development, RFI/RFP and SLAs with vendors. Undergraduate Degree or Technical Certificate. 5-7 years relevant experience. Adeptness at configuring, upgrading, and administering business applications, in co-ordination with appropriate stakeholders. Ability to work independently in a senior/lead role on a diverse range of tasks and may be relied upon to coach/ educate others. Strong subject matter expertise, as you prepare to provide clients, team, and/or project team with technical guidance and assist with highly complex troubleshooting/problem resolution. High comfort level in leading the support of highly complex and/or comprehensive applications/systems and/or business lines. Strength in identifying root causes and implementing targeted and controlled remediation plans. Readiness to review, participate in and implement procedures. Strength in consulting with other functional areas to provide technical expertise on area of specialization by acting as a reference on technology, trends and processes related to your own area. Strong interpersonal communication skills and can work effectively with vendors to fulfill support requirements. Possession of effective change management discipline. Willingness to work effectively as a team, helping others to resolve critical service issues. Leadership in enhancing knowledge/expertise in TD services, applications, infrastructure, analytical tools and techniques that can contribute to effective solution development/delivery. Interest and drive to enhance knowledge/expertise by staying abreast of industry and business trends, research industry standards, best practices and new innovations, make recommendations. Confidence acting as a reference for team members or clients. Inspire a positive work environment and help champion quality, innovation, teamwork and service to the business. Learn voraciously, stretch your thinking, 
ScrapedJobID279:
You will be embraced by a massive community of like-minded individuals You will level up your skills and experience what true mastery feels like You will get your fingerprints on really cool stuff Casual and flexible work environment, including the opportunity to work fully remote Competitive company-paid benefits plan Generous professional development budget Half day Fridays in the summer and extended holiday break in December An Ottawa office that offers collaborative workspaces, an in-office pool table, golf simulator, large kitchen and more! Primarily develop in full stack JavaScript/Node.js (we’re proud to have a fully JS platform!) Be a part of a work culture that encourages learning, growth, and collaboration, believing that it is with great people that we achieve great things Get to learn and experiment with different technologies, learning technologies and design patterns that are tried and true as well as newer emerging ones Collaborate in peer design and code reviews, write automated tests, and participate in daily scrums Work with additional technologies to assist the DevOps team in delivery service-oriented architecture, including Linux, Docker, JVM and more 3+ year degree/ diploma in engineering, programming or computer science or equivalent work experience as a developer An intermediate to senior understanding of Node.js, JavaScript and SQL backed by at least 1-2 years of professional experience with those technologies Strong understanding of middleware, asynchronous functions, streams and functional programming concepts in Node.js/ JavaScript Familiarity with the OWASP Top 10 web application security risks Capable of working well within a team and desire to provide a strong product experience Comfortable with receiving constructive criticism and compromising on proposed solutions Strong communication and self organization skills DevOps experience deploying an application in a Linux environment with tools such as Kubernetes and Docker Intermediate to senior understanding of Express, LESS, Bootstrap, and Backbone Familiarity with core i-Sight technologies, processes, and standards such as gitflow style branching, semver style versioning, GitHub, JIRA, OSX, Agile, Scrum, etc. 
ScrapedJobID280:
Work with a squad of go-getters to deliver clean and effective solutions Produce workable prototypes to illustrate concepts iteratively and be able to provide detailed specifications for use by the other team members Deliver high quality implementations by practicing best software development practices Be a culture champion pivotal in driving culture change at all levels Experiment & learn! Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) Database knowledge (Postgres, Oracle, SQL Server, etc.) Programming Languages (Java, JavaScript, React, C , C++ etc.) Development tools (Jenkins, Maven, Artifactory, etc.) Agile Methodologies (Scrum, Kanban, XP, etc) 
ScrapedJobID281:
Analyze, develop, and test software applications. Configure and use test environments. Evaluate efforts and schedules. Contribute to the documentation of software. Participate in development work-planning activities. Participate in different phases of application development. Perform other job-related duties. Communicate orally and in writing to report activities. Knowledge of programming languages and technologies:
PHP
MVC, Phalcon
AJAX
HTML
CSS
XML
JQuery
Angular JS PHP MVC, Phalcon AJAX HTML CSS XML JQuery Angular JS Familiarity with the following tools:
My SQL
Apache
Jira
GIT My SQL Apache Jira GIT Ability to develop solutions and to solve problems Ability to take both detail-oriented and broad-based approaches to a problem Ability to work both independently and in a team Ability to communicate effectively regarding technical issues Agile development an asset TEC provides a unique and advantageous RRSP program: invest in TEC where you can make a difference! TEC offers group insurance for employees Free snacks: we regularly have fresh fruit, bagels, and donuts Monthly 5@7 and other impromptu gatherings Free coffee and tea Gym on premises Free parking or we pay your public transit pass Flexible hours Accessible management: open-door policy 
ScrapedJobID282:

ScrapedJobID283:

ScrapedJobID284:
Build delightful, usable, and accessible interfaces for a global user base Deliver projects from scoping requirements to actual launch and assume long-term ownership Build reusable FE components that would be leveraged by all apps at Coursera Work with other developers to advance UI frameworks and make front-end development easier, faster, and better for everyone at Coursera! Foster strong working relationships with cross functional partners from design & product Apply your knowledge of accessibility to work cross functionally to ensure an accessible experience for millions of users Take holistic ownership of your work by understanding how things work, even if they take you outside your area of expertise Ensure you follow best software development practices including but not limited to unit testing, code reviews and documentation Bring thoughtful perspectives, empathy, creativity, and a positive attitude to take on problems at scale Communicate effectively (both written and oral) with colleagues at all levels of the organization Bachelors in computer science or relevant experience Proficiency in the core technologies of the web: Javascript, HTML, and CSS, experience in at least one modern UI framework (e.g. AngularJS, ReactJS, etc), and experience in building large-scale web applications Proficiency in implementing responsive web designs and writing FE unit and integration tests Fervent belief in engineering quality and building technical leverage for others Comfortable working in a fast-moving team environment (we deploy many times a day!) Data-driven and strongly motivated by success and learnings through experiments and metrics analysis 
ScrapedJobID285:
Develop new user facing features by writing highly maintainable and testable code that scales and interfaces well with our backend systems Analyze business requirements, determine appropriate scenarios and workflow, and create UI prototypes to reflect your solutions Play a key role in design sessions, providing expert input, suggestions, and advice on page design, site flow, usability, and overall user experience Collaborate with project team in the execution of projects to achieve quality customer experiences Ensure product quality by developing towards the highest level of usability, desirability, and customer satisfaction Ability to work collaboratively with DevOps, QA, and Product teams, understanding project timelines, prioritizations, and shared successful outcomes Solve UX problems by working closely with PMs and graphic artists Assist back-end developers with diagnosing and troubleshooting issues Demonstrable work experience in creating front end layers or interface protocols Experience with ReactJS is required Experience writing robust unit and integration tests for front-end components Strong HTML5, JavaScript and CSS3 skills Experience with other Node.JS servers and frameworks is a plus (EmberJS, NextJS, etc.) Experience with Angular and Angular material design is a plus Experience with Typescript Solid understanding of fundamental design principles (typography, layout, grid systems, hierarchy, color, composition) Experience with industry standard tools such as Jira, Confluence, documentations, ticketing system, and change control processes Experience with design tools such as Figma, Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop is a plus Strong team spirit, flexibility, problem solving and time management skills Knowledge of CI/CD tools and processes is a plus Computer Science degree or relevant diploma Competitive salary commensurate on experience Medical, Dental and Vision coverage Three weeks’ vacation, five personal days, six sick days Be part of a great office culture that encourages a positive environment Flexible work from home policy 
ScrapedJobID286:
Develop new user facing features by writing highly maintainable and testable code that scales and interfaces well with our backend systems Analyze business requirements, determine appropriate scenarios and workflow, and create UI prototypes to reflect your solutions Play a key role in design sessions, providing expert input, suggestions, and advice on page design, site flow, usability, and overall user experience Collaborate with project team in the execution of projects to achieve quality customer experiences Ensure product quality by developing towards the highest level of usability, desirability, and customer satisfaction Ability to work collaboratively with DevOps, QA, and Product teams, understanding project timelines, prioritizations, and shared successful outcomes Solve UX problems by working closely with PMs and graphic artists Assist back-end developers with diagnosing and troubleshooting issues Demonstrable work experience in creating front end layers or interface protocols Experience with ReactJS is required Experience writing robust unit and integration tests for front-end components Strong HTML5, JavaScript and CSS3 skills Experience with other Node.JS servers and frameworks is a plus (EmberJS, NextJS, etc.) Experience with Angular and Angular material design is a plus Experience with Typescript Solid understanding of fundamental design principles (typography, layout, grid systems, hierarchy, color, composition) Experience with industry standard tools such as Jira, Confluence, documentations, ticketing system, and change control processes Experience with design tools such as Figma, Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop is a plus Strong team spirit, flexibility, problem solving and time management skills Knowledge of CI/CD tools and processes is a plus Computer Science degree or relevant diploma Competitive salary commensurate on experience Medical, Dental and Vision coverage Three weeks’ vacation, five personal days, six sick days Be part of a great office culture that encourages a positive environment Flexible work from home policy 
ScrapedJobID287:
At least 5 years of experience as a programmer A passion for all things C++ A knack for code optimization and debugging at both the low and OS levels A good eye for details and acute analytical skills (you could have been a detective in another life) A proactive mindset with a thirst to learn more Comfortable with working in a hybrid office/home environment within a multicultural team Autonomy, curiosity, and resourcefulness that motivate you to talk to others A positive outlook with a focus on healthy interpersonal relationships Flexible in the organization of your work, allowing you to adapt to changes Work experience with gaming consoles (Xbox, PlayStation, etc.) A familiarity with game engines, browsers, renderers, and game development 
ScrapedJobID288:
Design and specify study data tabulation models and analysis data models for clinical trials or for the integration of clinical trial data from multiple trials (e.g. ISS and ISE datasets). These designs and specifications are completed in accordance with common industry standards and conventions, statistical requirements and specifications, and/or clinical trial sponsor’s requirements. Generate complete and efficient analysis data models following approved dataset designs or specifications. Perform independent validation of datasets created by other programmers or statisticians. Develop SAS programming codes and generate complete and accurate statistical output reports of trial data in well-defined formats. Develop SAS programming codes to independently validate statistical output reports of trial data generated by other programmers or statisticians. Develop and test SAS codes for clinical trial database logical checks and reports for ongoing data review. Document data and programming information in accordance with corporate SOPs and guidelines. Archive clinical trial data (study data tabulation models and analysis data models) and programming information in accordance with corporate archival SOPs and guidelines. Develop and provide expertise in other programming and system administration areas when required. Provide technical guidance and support to less experienced Statistical Programmers. Contribute to the continuous improvement of the statistical programming processes and procedures. Contribute to the establishment of therapeutic area programming standards/conventions/procedures within assigned therapeutic areas as a lead programmer. Contribute to the establishment of client specific programming standards/conventions/procedures for assigned clients when required. A Master’s in Computer Science or Math/Statistics with at least five years experience 
ScrapedJobID289:
Design, code, and test major features in collaboration with your fellow Developers and technical team to deliver complex changes to our infrastructure Define, design, and implement, multi-tiered object-oriented distributed software applications Maintain and modify existing applications Perform custom programming as assigned by the VP of Engineering Fix defects and add features to software Debug and test software implementation Provide design documents and documentation to ensure efficient maintenance and code reuse Participate in the design and implementation of databases Ensure the functionality, performance, scalability, reliability, realistic implementation schedules and system architecture for each assignment Interact with key partners and internal users regarding timelines, technical issues, and infrastructure integration Implement software modules, on the embedded platform and analysis workstation Ensure work progress to schedule and keep (internal) customers informed of the project's progress Stay current with trends, techniques, technology and other factors impacting the FinTech industry Actively participate in team meetings and offer recommendations /ideas on design projects You are in pursuit of a post-secondary degree or diploma in Computer Science or a related field If you’ve got previous work experience using Clojure, TypeScript and/or Rust you’re a rockstar Work with web applications is a big bonus - and if you have experience in server side applications, that’s even better Work experience in ecommerce is preferred but not required You’re able to effectively communicate technical concepts to other technical staff members You also have the ability to effectively communicate with non-technical members of the organization (we don’t all have an understanding of the technical jargon!) You have demonstrated aptitude for learning new technologies in previous roles, and can provide examples You have excellent teamwork and team building skills and are comfortable with ambiguity You can work well under pressure and meet set deadlines under the direction of a Project Manager You are capable of managing your time effectively, multitasking, and have the ability to prioritize tasks with minimal supervision in a remote work environment You have a high level of critical and logical thinking, analysis, and/or reasoning to identify underlying principles, reasons, or facts 
ScrapedJobID290:
Be the primary contact for maintaining the existing reporting suite based on SSRS and Power BI and dashboards with the support of other experienced BI team members Collaborate with stakeholders to define the business layer and presentation layer of the BI model that is business-friendly and supports a self-service environment where appropriate. Review functional and design specifications to ensure full understanding of individual deliverables. Ongoing monitoring of existing key reports to ensure data quality and integrity Conduct a comprehensive review of all current BI reporting to establish a BAU Reporting Requirements Definition for all business functions. Diploma in Data, Analytics or Computer Science 2+ years of professional experience in a report development (SSRS & PowerBI ideally) Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement. Experience delivering solutions on the Azure platform (Data Lake, Synapse, Data Factory & Cosmos DB) SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases. 
ScrapedJobID291:
Working with Project Manager to define future requirements and define logical system design for each piece of development Working with staff to define any new application requirements and define the logical system design for each development Managing the programming of the application Monitoring and maintaining the application performance Managing the programming of the development request Attending meetings to understand nature of business relationship and integration needs Mapping out process flows and defining logical system design for integration Providing backup support for all network functions Post-secondary diploma or degree in IT, computer systems or technology 5+ years development experience programming with .NET (C#) and TSQL Proficiency in .NET Core, & MSSQL Experience with SSRS, Kendo UI, Azure Devops an asset Knowledge of HTML 5 & Typescript an asset Familiarity with and sound understanding of OO design patterns including MVVM Experience writing unit tests/mocking Ability to work independently and as part of a team Excellent written and verbal communication skills Excellent problem solving and analytical skills Telephone: (416) 307-3300 (please ask to speak to a Human Resources representative) Mail: 200 Bay Street, North Tower, Suite 2600, Toronto, ON M5J 2J2 Fax: (416) 981-7214 Bonus pay Overtime pay Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday No weekends Are you proficient in .NET Core, & MSSQL? Explain Software development: 5 years (preferred) programming with .NET (C#) and TSQL: 5 years (preferred) SSRS, Kendo UI, Azure Devops: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID292:
Design experiments for process and product development Design, modification and analyze of electronic hardware, systems, and PCBs Design, Develop, Assemble, test prototype and pre-production products Investigate origin and cause of failures, damages or defects in electrical fields Evaluate off-the-shelf and custom drivers, components, PCBs, PCAs, etc. Develop software systems to control circuits and other electronic segments Write reports on technological developments in the industry Ensure designs meet regulations and quality standards by the IPC, FCC, IC, etc. Create reports and document the entire process Collaborate with others in R&D projects Familiar with working in a fast-paced agile environment Bachelor's degree in engineering or similar. Master's degree preferable. Practical experience with design software. Experience in design recommended. Excellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skills. Strong written, verbal, and telephonic communication skills. Excellent research and interpersonal skills. Strong analytical skills. Day shift Monday to Friday Vancouver, BC: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) Bachelor's Degree (required) citizenship, PR or refugee status (required) work permit/ study permit (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID293:
Telecommunications industry Internet Service Provider (ISP) Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Cloud Analyze user's requirements, and design and develop system architecture and specifications 
ScrapedJobID294:
HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React Experience with Gatsby, SASS or LESS is a plus Strong experience with using NPM, and Webpack to build and streamline processes Proven ability to translate approved UI / UX design mock-ups to feature-rich, pixel-perfect websites and web applications Ability to write clean, modular, high-performance, reusable code/ UI components/libraries Experience integrating RESTful services and APIs Dental care RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday React JS: 4 years (required) NPM: 1 year (required) HTML5: 4 years (required) CSS: 3 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID295:
As a Front-end UI/UX developer, you should be able to contribute to both the front-end AND back-end codebase of any project you are a part of. Be able to lead the front-end development of a project from beginning to end. Be able to take constructive criticism and learn from it 2+ years of Frontend Development experience creating responsive Mobile-Ready SPA’s with React 2+ years of professional experience with React Native. Strong experience with JavaScript (ES6), JQuery, HTML5, CSS3, Sass/SCSS, Grid, Flexbox Experience developing iOS and Android mobile application with XCode and Android Professional experience designing UI/UX prototypes with Figma Experience with unit testing and performance testing Experience with REST API design Strong knowledge and use of Git, merging, branching, rebasing Experience with VSCode, prettier, and eslint Experience with Unix Experience with PhotoShop Familiar with ES6 Node, Docker, Mongo, MySQL / PostgreSQL Development experience in other modern web technologies like Vue and Angular Experience with testing frameworks such as Mocha Work remotely Competitive Salary Paid Vacation Health and Dental Benefits 
ScrapedJobID296:
Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Vision care 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID297:
Analyze and understand functional business requirements and design specifications Design, develop, enhance and implement custom applications and integrate custom solution with other back end solutions Assist in User Acceptance Testing prior production go live Write quality code and complete full functional testing Collaborate with other team members and customers when needed Work with project manager and provide work/time estimates Working on building Conversational Dialog using NLU from Google Dialogflow, building out Google Cloud projects, Genesys Cloud application development. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent Professional experience in software/application development an asset Proficient with at least one of programming languages: Java, C++, C#, JavaScript, typescript or Angular Solid understanding of OO principles and strong knowledge of SDLC Strong debugging and troubleshooting skills, experience with large scale applications Must have good verbal, written, and interpersonal skills Fast learner and ability to quickly adapt new technologies Demonstrated ability to achieve results under limited supervision 
ScrapedJobID298:
Diplôme universitaire ou diplôme d’étude collégiale (de préférence en informatique, ingénierie, mathématiques ou similaire) Une aptitude naturelle pour la technologie et un fort désir d'élargir vos compétences techniques. Exposition ou familiarité avec un ou plusieurs langages de programmation (Python, JavaScript, Java, C, C++, C#). Exposition à un ou plusieurs systèmes d'exploitation (Microsoft, Linux). Compréhension des bases de données et SQL. Capable de s'engager à travailler pour FDM pendant au moins deux ans en tant que consultant FDM après la période de formation. Capacité à communiquer efficacement en français (de préférence) et en anglais Admissible à travailler au Canada. Une chance de travailler pour certaines des entreprises les plus prestigieuses au monde. Possibilité d'obtenir des certifications professionnelles liées à votre cheminement de carrière. Contrat de deux ans dans l'industrie. Accompagnement professionnel continu et montée en compétences de FDM. Ensemble d'avantages complet et compétitif. Accès à un réseau de mentors et de personnes partageant les mêmes idées. Formation rémunérée reconnue par l'industrie. Degree or Diploma (preferably in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or similar) A natural aptitude for technology and a strong desire to expand your technical skill set. Exposure or familiarity with one or more programming languages (Python, JavaScript, Java, C, C++, C#). Exposure to one or more operating systems (Microsoft, Linux). Understanding of database and SQL. Able to commit to work for FDM for a minimum of two years working as an FDM consultant following the training period. Ability to communicate effectively in French (preferred) and English Eligible to work in Canada. A chance to work for some of the most prestigious companies in the world. Opportunity to earn professional certifications related to your career path. Two-year contract in industry. Continuous career support and upskilling from FDM. Comprehensive and competitive benefits package. Access to a network of mentors and like-minded individuals. Industry recognized paid training. 
ScrapedJobID299:
You are a team player and fierce collaborator, though can also work independently You are proactive and self-directed You maintain a high awareness of industry issues and trends, particularly in regards to accessibility, usability, and emerging technologies You understand major browsers and browser development tools, and are familiar with browser testing and debugging across multiple browsers, platforms, and devices, including smartphones and tablets You have great communication skills – both written and verbal You are Knowledgeable and experienced with web development methodologies (agile, waterfall) Develop clean, efficient, maintainable, modular (JavaScript/HTML/CSS/ PHP) code Provide accurate timing estimates on work Contribute to documentation (instructional, pitch, and technical specification) Collaborate and guide other non-technical staff, particularly designers, on how they can help with the process Discuss technical solutions with clients and provide innovative new ideas and solutions Constantly seek to develop yourself by experimenting with new technologies and assess what could be useful for the team Conduct code reviews with fellow team members Consistently meet deadlines and have the ability to prioritize multiple projects Minimum 2-6 years of web development experience in agency or in-house Experience with WordPress is a must, preferable to have experience with other content management systems as well (e.g., HubSpot, Adobe Experience Manager, Joomla, Drupal, Umbraco, Webflow, Contentful, Contentstack) Knowledge of email marketing platforms such as Marketo, Silverpop, HubSpot, Oracle Marketing Cloud (Eloqua), Salesforce Pardot Fluency in Adobe Creative Suite, Microsoft Office/Apple software (Word, PowerPoint, Keynote, Excel), and wireframing software (Figma, InVision, Sketch, Adobe XD, etc.) Experience working in B2B or business marketing in complex categories is a plus 
ScrapedJobID300:
Participating in all stages of design and development of a wide range of software products: functional design, architecture, organic analysis and programming Developing new functionalities in the applications Implementing and testing the functionality of our software Managing OBS (bugs) and finding appropriate solutions to fix them. Providing technical support to the development and project teams that use the features developed by your team Writing organic analysis documents You have completed at least two years at the bachelor's level in an appropriate or related discipline (computer science, computer or software engineering, etc.) You like and are familiar with object-oriented programming You like to work in a team and be in a collaborative environment You communicate in French, spoken and written, like a pro Flexible work schedule, including telecommuting A warm welcome and a progressive learning program 
ScrapedJobID301:
Participating in all stages of design and development of a wide range of software products: functional design, architecture, organic analysis and programming Developing new functionalities in the applications Implementing and testing the functionality of our software Managing OBS (bugs) and finding appropriate solutions to fix them. Providing technical support to the development and project teams that use the features developed by your team Writing organic analysis documents You have completed at least two years at the bachelor's level in an appropriate or related discipline (computer science, computer or software engineering, etc.) You like and are familiar with object-oriented programming You like to work in a team and be in a collaborative environment You communicate in French, spoken and written, like a pro Flexible work schedule, including telecommuting A warm welcome and a progressive learning program 
ScrapedJobID302:
Partner with your team lead to plan short-term priorities and long-term goals. Collaborate with designers to define user interfaces. Participate in prototyping to explore visualization opportunities. Develop new and maintain existing frameworks for 3D rendering and front-end data visualization; writing reliable, scalable, and secure code. Synchronize with your team to discuss work-in-progress and blockers; brainstorm ideas; overcome issues; etc. Come up with solutions to enhance visual quality and performance + improve current graphical features and propose the development of new ones. Stay up to date on technological advancements to help develop our best practices. An undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent Around 2 years of programming experience Knowledge of GPUs, OpenGL, and WebGL Advanced mathematical capabilities Proficiency with JavaScript* A highly collaborative and innovative spirit Solid communication and interpersonal skills A long-term approach to problem-solving Attention to detail Motivation to make complex information accessible and understandable to all Understanding of Typescript, C, C++, and WebAssembly, a huge plus Your CV, highlighting your experience, education, and skills provide real-time visibility on how Ubisoft titles are played; and an understanding of the habits and preferences of the people playing them. 
ScrapedJobID303:
post-secondary graduates, who are up to 30 years, or younger, at the start of the internship; legally entitled to work in Canada (ONLY candidates with Canadian citizen, Permanent Resident or person who has been granted refugee status); and, self-assess as underemployed, meaning they are employed below their level of education, outside their field of study, or hold part-time employment. Flexible schedule Work from home Day shift Are you a Canadian Citizen or Permanent Resident? Are you currently in school ore recently graduated? Yes 
ScrapedJobID304:
Assisting the web development team with all aspects of website and application design. Assisting with the testing and maintenance of backend and front-end applications. Brainstorming new tech applications such as digital storage and mobile technology. Collaborating with developers to implement new web features. Keeping up to date with the latest technology and programming trends. Converting video, audio, written, and graphic components into compatible formats for the web. Using user feedback to identify and correct problems with a client's website. A Bachelor's degree in information technology, computer science, or a similar field. Experience working with coding languages such as HTML, Python JQuery, JSON, and Ajax. Solid understanding of web design and development principles. Good planning, analytical, and decision-making skills. A portfolio of web design and projects you have worked on. Critical-thinking skills. Flexibility in the workplace. In-depth knowledge of software prototyping and UX design tools. Goal-orientated and deadline-driven. On call Yes 
ScrapedJobID305:
Proficiency with Unix/Linux and multicast networking. Experience building low latency trading engines and algorithms in C++ using Knowledge and experience on agile software development practices Experience developing client-server, distributed, real-time, performance-critical, highly Experience coding for a latency sensitive trading environment is a strong plus Knowledge of financial technologies (e.g. FIX protocol) and business applications is useful but Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
ScrapedJobID306:
Bring your expertise to customers who want to transform their company into a data-driven organization. You will be able to leverage all the existing assets created by Deloitte around AI applications, and combine them with your knowledge to build perfectly tailored applications for each customer Work with high profile clients on a variety of Canadian and international engagements, including opportunity to travel across Canada and internationally (as needed) Experience in development deployment automation using Terraform. Experience in deployment automation Some experience in working with the AWS technologies stack Working knowledge of cloud security Experience in developing Terraform automation within the AWS technology stack Working knowledge with the following technologies in AWS Athena and Sagemaker, Beanstalk, ELB Experience in working with GitHub and a CI/CD infrastructure automation workflows. Experience working with AWS security and advance security measure such as temporary credentials. You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID307:
Cutting up designs and building out the front-end to integrate with Drupal (our CMS of choice) Building reusable components for designs systems Building front-ends for headless systems, using React or other JS frontends. Working with clients and internal team members to deliver top notch projects HTML, CSS, JS, GIT, and other tech a plus Ability to work with responsive designs for use across multiple devices Ability to double check your work React experience an asset Nice to have
PHP
Twig
Node PHP Twig Node 2+ years designing and hand-coding websites Experience with Drupal 8 theme development MUST have samples showing off your work Nice to have
Experience with continuous integration and build scripts like gulp or grunt Experience with continuous integration and build scripts like gulp or grunt Flex start times & Earned days off: Do you prefer to start at 8:00? or 9:00? We'll work with you. Want every second Friday off? Well we've got a program for that too! Paid Overtime for all roles...including salary positions: What? What?! Yep you heard right. We pay for all approved OT...not that we want everyone working so hard, but with the natural ebb and flow of our industry sometimes it's needed to blast out the OT in order to keep our heads above water. We find this little pay cheque nugget is a nice reward for the over timerz. Slappies: Tougher to explain but once a month we get together and have a little ceremony, some food, a few brews - no altars or corporate chants involved. Fun day: We aim to have fun every day; however, every year for a day we cram a bunch of fun on ourselves. Weee! SPARC Events: Sometimes we have an in-house breakfast, team building events, (less corny than it sounds), competitions, or just a plain little reward for no reason. It's a little spark in our usually normal days. Warning, we make you wear costumes. Often. Culture: We're a certain type of people. We're all a little different and unique in our own way but we seem to work well together. No one’s perfect and we embrace that. We take our work seriously, but we don't take ourselves too seriously. Check out our site to get to know us! Remote work available! 
ScrapedJobID308:
We use a state of the art architecture powered by services written with Node / Express, Python / Flask, React / Redux, and our proprietary chatbot engine. We use Postgres for storage and Redis for caching. We use Gitlab for version control and (along with Docker) CI/CD, and our infrastructure is hosted on AWS, making use of Elastic Beanstalk, RDS, etc. We invest heavily in monitoring and automated alerting using Datadog. We log application-level information using a proprietary logging pipeline, and leverage data analysis using Snowflake. We use Amplitude, Hotjar, and LogRocket for client-side metrics and experimentation. As a developer on our team you will: Ship high-impact projects end-to-end in a fast-paced, iterative environment Have the opportunity to very meaningfully propel the business forward, and see the impact of your work on the company's business metrics and user experience Own features, services, caches, and databases Be data-driven and close to the customer, running experiments for nearly everything you launch Work in a agile team of 5 engineers with a get-things-done attitude, so you'll have lots of autonomy to create impact while tackling complex technical challenges You have at least 6-18 months of full-stack software development work experience, preferably with exposure to a dynamic, startup environment You learn quickly, regardless of the languages and technologies used You have experience taking ownership and shipping entire features end-to-end You thrive on solving complex problems with logical, well-reasoned solutions 
ScrapedJobID309:
Develop and maintain custom Shopify themes. Contribute to internal projects and planning discussions. Develop reusable code and libraries for future use. Develop documentation for code standards, and workflows. 1-2 years of development experience. Strong knowledge of HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3. Excellent written & verbal communication skills. Great sense of teamwork. Sharp attention to detail. Strong problem-solving abilities and comprehension of greater business objectives. Demonstrated commitment to personal and professional growth. Strong desire to help other businesses grow. Desire to learn the Liquid (Shopify) templating language and master the Shopify & Shopify Plus platforms. Familiarity with GIT version control. Passionate about technology. Experience building Shopify themes or using the platform. Knowledge of the Liquid templating language. Experience with Sass (CSS) and Vue.js HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Liquid, Vue.js, Sass Git through GitHub Webpack Shopify Theme Kit Jira Slack Google Suite Medical, dental & life insurance! Hybrid work model – work from the home or the office at your preference Flex dollars to be used on anything you feel will increase your physical and mental well-being Access to Dialogue, a telemedicine application that gives easy access to nurses, physicians, therapists, nutritionists, etc. Cellphone and gym allowance MacBook Pro / Lenovo Thinkpad for business and personal use No dress code, but please wear pants :) 
ScrapedJobID310:
A university degree or a diploma in an applied field; Familiarity with the following: JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Python, and SQL; Familiarity with database design; and Familiarity with Unix. 
ScrapedJobID311:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Program special effects software for film and video applications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Initiative Accurate Team player Organized 
ScrapedJobID312:
Design and implement safety monitor algorithms depending on specific program needs. Collaborate with System and Software Safety Engineers in defining requirements, and design reviews to drive software solutions Develop Simulink models, C code, software requirements documentation, and test cases Conduct software verification (unit testing, simulation, and in-vehicle as needed) Collaborate with team members through Scrum/Agile. Utilize agile software development methodologies including continuous integration and continuous deployment. Develop creative and innovative solutions and protect intellectual property through patents and publications Be an integral part of a new and energetic team Lead or participate in safety strategy discussions, interfacing with GM teams globally Ensure adherence to GM safety and software development processes Develop, allocate, and verify software safety requirements to ensure completeness, consistency, and alignment to system-level safety requirements A minimum of 3 years embedded controls algorithm design and development experience for safety-critical systems (automotive, aerospace, medical, nuclear) Proficiency MATLAB Simulink. Proficiency in C/C++ embedded programming. Demonstrated performance in a position requiring excellent understanding of embedded software implementation details as well as the larger systems picture Full software development lifecycle experience (software requirements, design, coding, verification) Excellent oral and written communication skills Ability to work independently and in a team environment, interfacing with GM engineers globally Strong organizational skills with attention to detail Experience performing or evaluating safety analysis methods such as HAZOP, FMEA, FTA, and STPA Familiarity with ISO 26262 or other functional safety standards such as IEC 61508, IEC 62304, or DO-178C Knowledge of software architecture and design patterns Experience reviewing and/or developing software requirements from system-level requirements Multi-core programming and real-time operating system experience Familiarity with automotive systems and with active safety and automated driving systems in particular Knowledge of in-vehicle communication networks (CAN, FlexRay, LIN, Ethernet) Ability to travel to the US Have a valid Canadian driver's license Bachelor's Degree in Engineering (Software, Computer, Control, Mechatronics) or Computer Science Advanced degrees preferred Successful candidates will be required to attest to, and be prepared to provide proof of, their vaccination status and that any job offer will be conditional on the candidate being fully vaccinated. 
ScrapedJobID313:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls 
ScrapedJobID314:
Create responsive user experiences by building interfaces that are simple and easy to comprehend, using modern tools like React. You will work closely with the Product Manager, the UI/ UX Designer and Engineering team to ensure alignment with the product roadmap. Help shape Interaptix's technical roadmap At least two (2) years of software engineering experience Experience with HTTP/REST and web technologies like webRTC Experience creating automated test suites and ensuring quality in your code. Experience working with and instrumenting web metrics, monitoring and analytics systems Deep knowledge of data structures and algorithms and an ability to use them practically when implementing solutions A proven teammate and owner- willing to take on ownership of the systems, and think about operations, maintenance and reliability of his/her systems You've worked on front-end teams that utilized 3d rendering components such as ThreeJS Experience with computer graphics pipeline. Be part of a high performing team of solving real-world problems with AR & VR Access leadership and growth opportunities as the company and spatial computing industry scale. A high degree of autonomy and accountability A team of risk-takers, innovators and builders who own it, and build awesome products 
ScrapedJobID315:
Participate in software system (PDA) requirements analysis and function design. Participate in technical solution design. Be responsible for code development and document writing. On-time and with high quality to complete the delivery of the work results and ensure the robustness and correctness of the code logic. Be able to quickly locate and fix software bugs in time. Experience in Android development Experience in Java development Experience in HTML5, CSS, JavaScript Experience in UI/UED is preferred Experience in MySQL database Strong communication skills. Teamwork player Experience with Axure is preferred Experience in PDA development is preferred Experience in warehouse management system development is preferred Language: Mandarin (Preferred) 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Mandarin (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID316:
Collect and document user's requirements and develop logical and physical specifications Research, evaluate and synthesize technical information to design, develop and test computer-based systems Develop data, process and network models to optimize architecture and to evaluate the performance and reliability of designs Plan, design and co-ordinate the development, installation, integration and operation of computer-based systems Assess, troubleshoot, document, upgrade and develop maintenance procedures for operating systems, communications environments and applications software Lead and co-ordinate teams of information systems professionals in the development of software and integrated information systems, process control software and other embedded software control systems Java HTML C++ Groovy Internet Networking software HTML editing software Software development Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Organized 
ScrapedJobID317:
Develops and documents a detailed statement of requirements for the proposed alternative recommended in the preliminary analysis report. They analyse functional requirements to identify information, procedures, and decision flows. Evaluates existing procedures and methods, identifies and documents database content, structure, and application sub-systems, and develops data dictionary. Defines and documents interfaces of manual-to-automated operations within application sub-systems, to external systems and between new and existing systems. Defines input/output sources, including detailed plans for technical design phase, and obtains approval of the system proposal. They design data structures and files, sub-systems and modules, programs, batch, on-line, and production monitoring procedures, testing strategy and systems. Document’s system design, concepts, and facilities, presents and obtains approval of detailed system design. Writes user manual covering manual processes and operational procedures defines user acceptance testing checklist and obtains user acceptance thereof. Identifies and documents system-specific standards relating to programming, documentation, and testing, covering program libraries, data dictionaries, naming conventions etc. Initiate’s hardware/software acquisition develops conversion plans and parallel operation procedures and estimates resource and cost requirements. They produce an operational system including all forms, manuals, programs, data files, procedures, and training material. Creates system production library, operations manual, training manuals, and test system. Implements quality assurance standards to be used during implementation phase, designs program and presents program design, and writes modules and procedures. Develops test system and test modules, programs, subsystems, system and procedures, analyses performance and tunes system, and completes system documentation. They perform independent verification and validation of software applications and system function and performance. Additional they may review documentation standards and the existing project documentation. Determines documentation requirements and makes plans for meeting them. Gathers information concerning the features and functions provided by automated information systems from users and system developers. Assesses the audience for the manuals which are required and prepares a statement of purpose and scope for each manual and develops a table of contents. They investigate the accuracy of the information collected by making direct use of the system being documented., assists the development team in testing the application prior to implementation, prepares or co-ordinates the preparation of any required illustrations and diagrams. They design the layout of the manuals, uses word-processing, desk-top publishing, and graphics software packages to produce final copy and prepares training materials. Establishes, presents, and obtains approval of detailed plan for installation phase. Gathers and analyses data for the conduct of studies to establish the technical and economic feasibility of proposed computer systems, and for the development of functional and system design specifications. They design methods and procedurs for small computer systems, and sub- systems of larger systems, develops, tests, and implements small computer systems, and sub-systems of larger systems, writes user, operations and training manuals and trains user and operations personnel. Develops and prepares diagrammatic plans for solution of business, scientific and technical problems by means of computer systems of significant size and complexity. Analyses the problems outlined by the systems analysts/designers in terms of such factors as style and extent of information to be transferred to and from storage units, variety of items to be processed, extent of sorting, and format of final printed results. Selects and incorporates available software programs. Designs detailed programs, flow charts, and diagrams indicating mathematical computation and sequence of machine operations necessary to copy and process data and produce the results. Translates detailed flow charts into coded machine instructions and confers with technical personnel in planning programs. They correct program errors by revising instructions or altering the sequence of operations. Test’s instructions, and assembles specifications, flow charts, diagrams, layouts, programming, and operating instructions to document applications for later modification or reference. 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) working in the IT industry: 7 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID318:
Interact with staff to identify business requirements Deliver data warehouse solutions using Microsoft’s SQL Server with SQL Server Integration Services, Analysis Services, Reporting Services, and Power BI Deliver database backed software applications and enhancements using the .NET technologies, HTML, XML, and CSS Rewrite legacy database applications to .Net based platforms. Create documentation for system requirements, design, testing, and user guides. Ability to learn new technology and apply them to software solutions Other duties as required BSc Computer Science or equivalent certificate from a recognized institution, or a related field of equivalent practical professional experience. MS Office and MS Windows environments Familiarity with MS SQL Server including Integration Services and Analysis Services Familiarity with reporting tooling including MS Power BI, SSRS, Excel Familiarity with .Net, HTML, XML, CSS, Transact SQL, Javascript, DAX Familiarity with Adobe Experience Manager Forms and Workflow Good oral and written communication skills Demonstrate a personal commitment to IMP Occupational Health, Safety and Environment policies. Continually focusing on your individual safety and the safety of others who may be affected by your work and to fully comply with all Federal Health and Safety Legislation. Participate in Continuous Improvement activities in your area. Incumbents must be able to pass and maintain Public Services and Procurement Canada (PSPC) and Transport Canada security clearances. The successful applicants will be eligible to meet requirements for the U.S International Traffic In Arms Regulations (ITAR), and Canadian Controlled Goods Program (CGP). Applicants must be able to pass and maintain a Level II (Secret) security clearance with the Department of National Defence. 
ScrapedJobID319:
Collect needs and specify the functionalities to be implemented. Develop the different parts of the application from the user interface to data management Implement, test and deliver functionalities according to our standards. Very dynamic position, many challenges to be met Team and project on a human scale, sense of mutual support, high level of skills Agile methodology (SCRUM): PO/Sponsors who are caring, competent and demanding Experience in Java and/or Python development Experience with workflow implementation Expérience de développement d’API Web development experience (React/Angular) Good knowledge of SQL language Very strong autonomy and ownership over their work A person who learns quickly and enjoys working in a very dynamic environment, with rapidly changing priorities. Rigorous, dynamic, detail-oriented and able to work in an agile environment. Analytical and problem-solving skills. Teamwork skills to contribute to the development of homogeneous applications Knowledge on modeling process in with a ETL will be a plus Understanding of the Agile Methodology is an asset Are you looking for a stable company with international opportunities? Societe Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. A major player in the economy for more than 150 years, Société Générale employs more than 138,000 people in 62 countries and supports 29 million customers worldwide every day. A diverse cultural mix thanks to an established French company in the Americas: Société Générale opened its first office in the United States in 1938 and in Canada in 1974 and now has approximately 2,500 professionals working in 8 U.S. cities, 3 cities in Canada and as well as in Latin America. A pillar of the economy building the world of tomorrow: Societe Generale is not just a financial institution, it is a group that places innovation and positive, sustainable financial impact at the heart of its culture. The Societe Generale Group has made digital a key lever to transform the banking relationship. The 2019 edition of the eCAC40 Trophies ranks Societe Generale as the top bank that has best negotiated the digital shift! An opportunity to express yourself and get involved: Our employee resource groups such as Pride and Allies, American Women Network, Black Leadership Network, One planet are a testament to our employees' involvement in their community 
ScrapedJobID320:

ScrapedJobID321:
Designing sample page layouts including text size and colors Designing graphics, animations and manipulating digital photographs Presenting initial design ideas to clients Coding using a variety of software Working with different content management systems Search engine optimization (SEO) Proofreading content and making changes where necessary Editing content, debugging code and re-designing web pages Working with other web specialists including web developers and graphic designers Testing the website to ensure it is working Researching current design trends Continual professional development to keep up to date with new software developments. Current college junior or senior pursuing a bachelor’s degree in Cloud Computing and Big Data, or a related field Minimum commitment of 5 days per week. Good knowledge of HTML, CSS, Adobe Suite, SQL. 
ScrapedJobID322:
Develop and test game applications/scripts to program lottery ticket games that meet customer and game specification requirements and delivery deadlines Analyze data generated by software to ensure accurate randomization of data to meet all security requirements Ensure all new software development has its own architecture while fitting into the departments overall software architecture Ensure programs and Game Gen support applications remain in an operational state; maintain base codes and process bug fixes Create technical game documentation A proven self-starter capable of working in a team and autonomously An excellent communicator with outstanding verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills A highly organized individual who manages timelines effectively and meets deadlines Bachelor degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or an equivalent combination of education and experience Experience in application development preferably within Unix environments Working knowledge of C and C++ Written and verbal communication skills Demonstrated ability to work both with a project team and independently Ability to use logic and an analytical approach to problem solving Ability to perform work with high levels of concentration and attention to detail Demonstrated organizational and priority management skills Ability to interpret and write technical documentation A strong background in mathematics and statistics is preferred Experience in software development amongst a deadline-oriented manufacturing environment would be considered an asset Experience with object oriented programming, rational database design and programming in an agile environment would be an asset Casual dress Commuter benefits Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Profit sharing Store discount Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID323:
Concevoir, développer et maintenir des applications de gestion de contenu Web, en mettant l'accent sur les plates-formes Web de niveau entreprise. Collaborer avec les experts commerciaux, les clients et le personnel technique pour rassembler les exigences et les solutions d'architecture pour gérer le contenu et d'autres problèmes techniques d'intranet S'assurer que les fonctionnalités des applications Web répondent aux besoins des utilisateurs, y compris les propriétaires de contenu et les visiteurs du site. Rechercher constamment les tendances émergentes dans les technologies front-end et les meilleures pratiques en matière d'expérience utilisateur, et faire des recommandations pour la mise en œuvre de ces tendances et pratiques. Guider le travail du personnel technique moins expérimenté, s'assurer que le développement se fait dans les limites des ressources données et défendre l'utilisation continue de processus de développement agiles et pilotés par les tests au sein de l'équipe. S'assurer que la solution fournie respecte les meilleures pratiques et exigences de sécurité du secteur. Esprit d'équipe, dynamique et motivé pour développer nos efforts de gestion de contenu. Excellente maîtrise de Python en tant que langage de programmation backend. Connaissance approfondie du cadre de développement Web Django. Capable de sécuriser et d'optimiser les requêtes de base de données avec PostgreSQL RDBMS. Il est bon d'avoir des connaissances NOSQL. Exposition au serveur Linux. Expérience avec le contrôle de version (Git). Capable de créer des codes personnalisés selon les normes de codage et les meilleures pratiques, pour tester la qualité et la sécurité du code écrit. Capable de gérer des tâches de backend complexes telles que la migration, la personnalisation de la recherche et la programmation de services Web. Le poste exige des compétences exceptionnelles en programmation, des capacités de résolution de problèmes et un souci du détail. Capacité à bien communiquer et à résoudre les problèmes de manière créative. Des connaissances en CSS, HTML et JavaScript seront un avantage supplémentaire. Design, develop and maintain web content management applications, with a focus on enterprise level web platforms. Collaborate with business and sales experts, customers and technical staff to gather requirements and architect solutions to manage content and other enterprise-class intranet technical problems Ensure that web application features respond to the needs of users, including content owners and site visitors. Continuously research emerging trends in front end technologies and user experience best practices, and make recommendations for implementation of those trends and practices. Guide the work of less experienced technical staff, ensure development is within given resources, and champion the ongoing use of agile, test-driven development processes within the team. Ensure the provided solution follows industry’s best security practices and requirements. Dynamic, motivated team player to develop our content management efforts. Highly proficient in Python as backend programming language. Extensive knowledge of Django web development framework. Able to secure and optimize database queries with PostgreSQL RDBMS. NOSQL knowledge is good to have. Exposure to Linux server. Experience with version control (Git). Able to create custom codes according to coding standards and best practices, to test the quality and security of the code written. Able to handle complicated backend tasks such as migration, search customization, and web service programming. The position requires exceptional programming skills, problem solving abilities, and an eye for detail. Ability to communicate well and solve problems in creative ways. Knowledge in CSS, HTML, and JavaScript will be an added advantage. 
ScrapedJobID324:
Design, create, and modify websites & internal applications. Create back-end code and interfaces for new web platforms. Analyze user needs to implement web site content. Integrate web sites with other computer applications. 2nd or 3rd year post-secondary education. Preferred qualifications in Computer science (emphasis on software development using Microsoft Technologies and Microsoft tools) Two years of experience developing software in an educational environment Previous experience in web development or other related fields Familiarity with HTML, JavaScript, or other related languages Strong problem solving and critical thinking skills Strong attention to detail Theory knowledge in Dot Net & C/C++ Theory knowledge in MS SQL Server PowerShell scripting knowledge 
ScrapedJobID325:
Plan effectively to ensure all assigned duties are completed on schedule. Ensure proper operation of coordinate measuring machines. Keep programs and instruction binders up-to-date with any process or engineering changes as needed. Read and interpret blueprints, sketches, drawings, manuals, specifications or sample parts to determine dimensions and tolerances of finished work pieces. Instruct, train and test employees on the proper use of gauges and inspection of equipment. Review and recall latest geometric call-ups. Perform basic preventative maintenance on CMM’s and maintain/update maintenance log. Communicate effectively with all departments, co-workers and supervisors in both oral and written form. When quality standards are not met, raise appropriate notices to production personnel ensuring corrections can be made. High School Diploma or equivalent general education. Working towards QA Certificate from a recognized post-secondary institution. Computer literate. Previous programming experience and knowledge of specific software (CMM’s); knowledge of programming techniques in applicable programming language. Exposure to machining practices, experience with Meterology, SPC, knowledge of GDT, measuring techniques, gauging, and inspection equipment. Effective communication skills; ability to communicate in both oral and written form. Opportunities for career advancement. Community based outreach supporting both local and global initiatives and charities. Social committees and sports teams. Discounts for local vendors and events, including auto supplier discounts. 
ScrapedJobID326:
Dental care Extended health care Vision care Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID327:
currently an undergrad in Computer Science demonstrate ability working with REST APIs and JSON comfortable with a HTML/CSS/JavaScript/node.js stack ability to code with React.js, Bootstrap tables, and HighCharts able to use a MySQL database location: WeWork @ 1 University Ave, Toronto must be interested in finance/blockchains/trading-bots gain valuable experience in the fintech sector jumpstart your career while completing your degree gain access to our extensive professional network 
ScrapedJobID328:
Overtime pay Casual dress Dental care Extended health care On-site parking 8 hour shift Overtime Bachelor's Degree (preferred) AutoCAD: 1 year (preferred) Programming: 1 year (preferred) custom residential millwork: 1 year (preferred) English (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID329:

ScrapedJobID330:
Plans, executes and documents the evolution of the fraud detection applications Participates in the maintenance of complex systems and databases (Oracle) Maintains the documentation of the environments Participates in data modeling, mapping, integration and capacity planning efforts Deploys source code Manage database structures and ensure system integrity Represents the sector and acts as a consultant to business partners on major projects Technological knowledge required: Oracle, SQL, PL/SQL, VB6 Desired knowledge : Java, XML, Unix scripting (ksh, csh), SQL Server, JSON Analytical skills, resourcefulness, versatility and tolerance for ambiguity Excellent ability to adapt to change (autonomy, rigor and leadership) Good team player and good communicator French (spoken/written) 
ScrapedJobID331:
currently an undergrad in Computer Science demonstrate ability working with REST APIs and JSON comfortable with a HTML/CSS/JavaScript/node.js stack ability to code with React.js, Bootstrap tables, and HighCharts able to use a MySQL database location: WeWork @ 1 University Ave, Toronto must be interested in finance/blockchains/trading-bots gain valuable experience in the fintech sector jumpstart your career while completing your degree gain access to our extensive professional network 
ScrapedJobID332:
Overtime pay Casual dress Dental care Extended health care On-site parking 8 hour shift Overtime Bachelor's Degree (preferred) AutoCAD: 1 year (preferred) Programming: 1 year (preferred) custom residential millwork: 1 year (preferred) English (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID333:

ScrapedJobID334:
Plans, executes and documents the evolution of the fraud detection applications Participates in the maintenance of complex systems and databases (Oracle) Maintains the documentation of the environments Participates in data modeling, mapping, integration and capacity planning efforts Deploys source code Manage database structures and ensure system integrity Represents the sector and acts as a consultant to business partners on major projects Technological knowledge required: Oracle, SQL, PL/SQL, VB6 Desired knowledge : Java, XML, Unix scripting (ksh, csh), SQL Server, JSON Analytical skills, resourcefulness, versatility and tolerance for ambiguity Excellent ability to adapt to change (autonomy, rigor and leadership) Good team player and good communicator French (spoken/written) 
ScrapedJobID335:
Analyze and understand functional business requirements and design specifications Design, develop, enhance and implement custom applications and integrate custom solution with other back end solutions Assist in User Acceptance Testing prior production go live Write quality code and complete full functional testing Collaborate with other team members and customers when needed Work with project manager and provide work/time estimates Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent At least 2 years post-education professional experience in software/application development Proficient with at least one of programming languages: Java, C++, C# or JavaScript Experience with SQL and Web services (Restful and SOAP-based services) an asset Experience with IVR or Call Center platforms an asset Solid understanding of OO principles and strong knowledge of SDLC Strong debugging and troubleshooting skills, experience with large scale applications Must have good verbal, written, and interpersonal skills Fast learner and ability to quickly adapt new technologies Demonstrated ability to achieve results under limited supervision Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID336:
Attitré·e à l’un ou plusieurs de nos différents projets en IA & Apprentissage Automatique, contribuer activement au développement de nouvelles méthodes de production et de test de jeux vidéo, en utilisant des modèles de pointe; Selon les aptitudes démontrées, participer à la résolution de problèmes de développement (de la détection d’émotions en utilisant la vision par ordinateur, à l’apprentissage par renforcement...); Collaborer avec les membres des équipes de jeu et de programmation sur divers projets de recherche. Étudiant·e au Baccalauréat ou à la Maîtrise en Sciences Informatiques, Génie Informatique ou Logiciel, Mathématiques appliquées ou autre domaine connexe; Solides connaissances du langage de programmation Python; Bonnes connaissances du langage de programmation C++ ou C#, un atout; Notions de tout outil d’Apprentissage Automatique (Scikit-learn, Pytorch, TensorFlow), un atout; Expériences diverses en Programmation (participation à des Game Jams, développement de projets d’études et/ou personnels), un fort atout; Bilinguisme français-anglais. Curiosité et désir de repousser les barrières du jeu vidéo; Autonomie, débrouillardise; Rigueur; Attitude positive et bonne communication; Collaboration et maturité à recevoir et partager des critiques constructives. De la passion et de l’ambition pour le Jeu vidéo sont essentielles! Intérêt marqué pour l’IA et l’Apprentissage Automatique, fortement apprécié. Assigned to one or more of our various AI & Machine Learning projects, actively contribute to the development of new ways of making and testing video games, using state of the art models; Based on your skills, participate in solving development problems (from emotion detection using computer vision to reinforcement learning agents...); Collaborate with game and programming teams on various research projects. Bachelor’s or Master’s degree student in Computer Science, Computer or Software Engineering, Applied Mathematics or in a related field; Solid knowledge of the programming language Python; Good knowledge of the programming language C++ or C#, an asset; Notions of any Machine Learning framework (Scikit-learn, Pytorch, TensorFlow), an asset; Diversified experience in Programming (participation in Game Jams, development of school and/or personal projects) a strong asset; Bilingualism: French-English. Curiosity and desire to push the boundaries of Video game; Self-driven and resourceful; Rigor; Positive attitude and good communication skills; Collaborative and maturity to receive and share constructive criticism. Passion and ambition for Video game are essential! Keen interest in AI & Machine learning, strongly appreciated. 
ScrapedJobID337:
Uses strong analytical, data, database, and Microsoft SQL-Server skills to design and develop applications, databases, queries and reports that meet a variety of internal business requirements, such as data-based decision-making. Develop and build solution in Power BI using advanced development techniques to deliver high quality dashboard with excellent User Experience. Conceptualize business needs into insightful/interactive dashboards. Query data, perform analysis, and present findings through clear and innovative visualizations using Power BI. Participate in system analysis and design, coding, user acceptance testing, implementation, production support, and documentations on applications assigned. Extracts data and transforms it to fit business needs. Develops, enhances, refines, and continually improves information resources and data essential for evaluation, planning and effective decision-making. Regularly reviews and where necessary, revises and/or creates statistical queries and reports to ensure that information is accurate. Maintains current knowledge of technology platforms and development methodologies, particularly as they relate to data analysis, transformation and reporting. Advises on best practices with respect to applications, dashboards and reports development Performs all levels of testing to ensure applications, dashboards and reports are error free and in accordance with report specifications and business requirements. Performs ad hoc requests for data. Carries out other duties as assigned. 
ScrapedJobID338:
Java development (Kotlin a plus but not required) Android application development Delivered production application Communication / collaboration Willing to tackle myriad of tasks Using 3rd party toolkits / dependencies git / android studio / GitHub Comfortable getting and giving PRs Ability to work during Pacific Time Zone 
ScrapedJobID339:
take knowledge of the framework and development methodology; participate, if required, to the collection and the definition of user requirements; inspect the functional folder and the folder of design; perform the programming related to the field of technology; prepare and modify the existing tests; unit testing and make the necessary corrections; support the realization of functional tests and acceptance tests; identify and resolve technical problems perform the migration of the components; offer technical support analysts and other members of the team; prepare production files and support production; write and update documentation; any other activity in relation to this post. old a DEC or Bachelor's degree in computer science or other relevant discipline; have at least two years in a similar role; have good expertise in the Microsoft .NET environment (Visual Studio.Net, Visual Basic.Net, C #, ASP.Net, Framework 3.5, WCF, WPF, SharePoint, Azure, Biztalk, MVC, Ms Dynamics, etc.). a schedule flexible and variable; changing challenges: say goodbye to the monotony. a career plan customized; an active social life, many activities are waiting; full collective insurance; Transport paid; and much more! 
ScrapedJobID340:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls JavaScript HTML CSS Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines 3D graphic software Initiative Organized 
ScrapedJobID341:
Writing Javascript/ES6 applications Writing applications with one or more major JS frameworks, specifically React. Vue or Angular is a big plus. Working with and consuming from RESTful APIs ES2015+ (and transpilers) Design patterns CSS preprocessors Automation, Python/backend framework (Django) experience, Unit testing, Familiarity with SVG, Familiarity with web components, Familiarity with node.js, Experience with browser developer tools, Open source contributions. give you the newest MacBook Pro with accessories. care about your professional development (training). opportunities for domestic and international travel. mobile reimbursement. public transportation reimbursement. comprehensive health benefits. competitive salary and bonuses. Working closely with internal team members and client stakeholders to deliver high-quality software products, features, and/or updates. Helping to define features and implementation specifications based on business requirements. Developing high-quality frontend components for backend systems and APIs. Deploying software to cloud infrastructure and supporting DevOps. Fixing bugs, adding automated tests and improving usability. visit our website and our career page a short cover letter (paragraph) describing why this seems like a good fit to you a link to your GitHub profile (if any) your LinkedIn profile (if any) 
ScrapedJobID342:
Code, test, debug, implement, and document new software, either simple tools or parts of more complex applications; initiate design, develop new features, develop validation/test plans and provide support for rollout to production Participate on the design and development of the automation of the solution deployment and operations Assist in the completion of unit testing by preparing test data, running tests and evaluating results; develop screen tests and debugging problems; develop test plans to verify logic of new or modified programs Develop and provide technical documentation, participate and oversee test-plan development, integration and deployment Support Cloud service deployments into new locations Master degree in computer science, information systems, or equivalent experience English language 0 -1 years of professional experience in the practice area, or experience from school projects At least basic Linux administration or Windows Basic Scripting knowledge (bash, PowerShell or other scripting languages) Knowledge of one or more of the following languages: C, C++, JAVA, Perl, Python At least basic knowledge and/ or practical experience with Microsoft Azure/ Amazon Web Services (AWS) / Google Cloud in an advantage Experience with version control tools Git or SVN is an advantage Chance to start up career. Opportunity to growth in high IT environment. Work with international team and learn from professionals. Opportunity to work with new technologies. We offer salary min. 1200 brutto/ month, based on experience and knowledge, the salary is likely to be higher. 
ScrapedJobID343:
Production of clean, structured, documented, efficient, error-free, and concise code. Responsible for the full understanding of task requests and providing the best solutions based on both client and company needs, as well as overall development goals. Effectively communicate and prioritize needs, resolve conflicts, and develop the best possible solutions within the budget and timeline constraints provided. Participate in peer code review and provide constructive feedback and support to peer developers. Responsible for seeking feedback from subject matter experts during planning, development, and code review, including peer developers and development directors. Responsible for using and understanding modern development tools including, but not limited to: PhpStorm, git, Gitlab CI, Sass, NodeJS, npm, Yarn, Gulp, etc. Accurately track time spent on tasks through the use of detailed time log descriptions. Communicate risks, issues, or potential problems and escalate to the appropriate stakeholder, regardless of the size or scope of the issue at hand. A College diploma, University degree, or relevant job-related experience. We welcome highly experienced, self-taught, and self-motivated learners who express a strong passion for web development Working knowledge of Javascript, HTML, and CSS as well as understanding how to use Front-end build tools, such as yarn, sass, gulp, etc. Ability to use Bootstrap and/or Foundation, as well as LESS and/or Sass Experience with LAMP and LNMP Development Stack (Linux(Ubuntu), Apache/Nginx, MySQL, PHP) Experience with Git Source Control and best practices Experience with PHP 5/7, OOP, MVC, XML/XSLT, REST Object-oriented JavaScript Experience (Ajax, jQuery, NodeJS, JSON etc.) Experience with MySQL databases, data modeling/design technique and database tuning Knowledge of any additional languages, such as Java, Python, C++, Ruby, etc. 
ScrapedJobID344:
Fully remote and flexible working environment - Every one of our employees works from home every day of the week, and we provide a home office allowance to help you get set up to do your best work. Outcome-driven - We don’t micromanage developers; if you get the job done, you can do so anyway you like. Outstanding people - Every day, employees from every department get together to chat about tech, coffee, hobbies, jeeps, and much more. If you ever need help, there will always be volunteers available. Top-notch tech - Our application has been completely reworked from the ground up and uses a combination of Typescript, Vue, Sass, GraphQL, WebSockets, and more. Continuous improvement - We check in often, take feedback and make adjustments where we need to improve. Ideas are always welcome and received with an open mind. Generous compensation - The benefits package includes health, vision, dental and more. Plus yearly performance reviews and raises. A real team player - You’ll be joining a close-knit group of people who think of one another more like friends than coworkers. So a positive outlook and the ability to handle constructive criticism are musts. Passion for engineering - We don’t build run-of-the-mill software, and we like to move fast; there’s no room for lukewarm developers here. An always learning attitude - Software development is a fast-changing field, and our drive for continuous improvement means that you should expect to push your boundaries. The ability to think outside the box - Our app isn’t built to any standard, so don’t expect to jump into a bog-standard React/Redux or Vue/Vuex stack. Instead, some of our work will challenge you to rethink how you approach development. No agencies/contract work/etc. We are looking for individual, full-time employees. Only hiring in the USA or Canada — no exceptions. Provide a sample of your code. For example, a personal side project, your GitHub account, a stack overflow answer — anything will do. Please clarify in your cover letter how you meet the technical requirements listed - we always get a ton of applications, and lots of them are people that really aren't qualified. So help us help you - call out that you've read what we are looking for and speak to how you are a good fit. 
ScrapedJobID345:
Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls MySQL Java HTML Python JavaOS Team player Medical Benefits Dental Benefits 
ScrapedJobID346:
Development of database driven web sites, medium sized content management systems and corporate communication portals Using WordPress for developing web content Planning and gathering user requirements Designing web site mock-ups to review with the client Coding web sites adhering to W3C web standards Experience with third-party libraries and APIs Evaluating WordPress plug-ins for compatibility and use Testing web sites Develop supporting documentation for existing client WordPress sites Completed post-secondary education with a majority of course work focused on computer sciences Minimum of two (2) years of experience using maintaining and creating web sites and data applications Experience creating web pages including graphic and multi-media design Experience with the following tools/technologies: HTML, CSS, Visual Studio, and Expression Web Experience with ASP, JavaScript and PHP Experience with .NET, SQL, and Microsoft SharePoint Experience developing and implementing usability tests, analyzing results and modifying designs accordingly Experience developing interactive prototypes showing basic form and functionality used for both usability testing and presentations Excellent communications skills (written and oral) Team experience in the following areas:
Business performance improvement
Digital transformation
ERP, CRM or other enterprise system implementations
Security and/or Managed Service engagements
Data Analytics
Cloud strategy and migration Business performance improvement Digital transformation ERP, CRM or other enterprise system implementations Security and/or Managed Service engagements Data Analytics Cloud strategy and migration Competitive salary Performance incentives Health and dental plan RRSP benefit plan Flexible working environment 
ScrapedJobID347:
Degree or Diploma (preferably in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or similar) A natural aptitude for technology and a strong desire to expand your technical skill set. Exposure or familiarity with one or more programming languages (Python, JavaScript, Java, C, C++, C#). Exposure to one or more operating systems (Microsoft, Linux). Understanding of database and SQL. Able to commit to work for FDM for a minimum of two years working as an FDM consultant following the training period. Eligible to work in Canada. A chance to work for some of the most prestigious companies in the world. Opportunity to earn professional certifications related to your career path. Two-year contract in industry. Continuous career support and upskilling from FDM. Comprehensive and competitive benefits package. Access to a network of mentors and like-minded individuals. Industry recognized paid training. 
ScrapedJobID348:
Read and interpret engineering drawings, blueprints, charts and tables Program computer numerically controlled (CNC) milling machine, lathe and router using MasterCam Create 3D Programs form surfaces and Solids 4th and 5th axis programming on CNC mill Build Process sheets for material flow Self-motivated and able to work with minimal supervision MasterCam Certificate or 3-5 years of practical experience 5+ years or more experience as a programmer Experience in an automation environment will be considered an asset Journeyman Certification as a General Machinist, Tool and Die Maker or CNC Machinist will be considered an asset Program 3D Printer will be considered an asset Live tooling and 4 axis lathe programming will be considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID349:
Join a team to develop the world's most immersive training simulator for the petroleum industry. Work under the lead programmer to add new features as requested by clients Bachelor degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent professional experience 2+ years working on Unity3D in C# as a software developer or game developer Excellent references and coding samples Knowledge of petroleum engineering Unity3D experience in C# Knowledge of advanced mathematics or physics Knowledge of computational modelling techniques Unity3D: 2 years Software Developer Software Engineer Software Programmer Game Developer Gameplay Programmer Game Development C# Programmer C# Developer Unity 3D Unity3D Unity Software Engineering 
ScrapedJobID350:
Establish and implement policies and procedures for information systems Assign, co-ordinate and review projects and programs Plan, organize, direct, control and evaluate daily operations Meet with clients to discuss system requirements, specifications, costs and timelines 
ScrapedJobID351:
System administration of multiple virtual/cloud environments and dedicated self hosted environments Support and development of tools supporting deployment, CI/CD and orchestration Lead test automation and load testing deliverables within the team Work with development team to support, setup and configure environments Establish and maintain security practices for operation of our data center environments Establish and maintain internal operational processes Customer solution implementation and operational support Documenting changes to self hosted environments and deployment procedures Ability to quickly pick up and learn new environments, OS and frameworks Experience with AWS, Azure and GCP environments; certifications are an asset Experience with Kubernetes and related tools (Helm, Kubectl) Experience with Jenkins or other CI/CD platforms Experience with Linux-based servers Experience with load balancing high available servers and building secure networks (VPN experience is an asset) Experience with relational and non-relational databases (MySQL, MongoDB, SQL, Mariadb) Other development experience with languages like Python, PHP, NodeJS, Ruby, ReactJS, and Java is also an asset Comfortable working in a team environment and solo if required Capable of recognizing architectural bottlenecks and tradeoffs You’re meticulous with security and housekeeping to ensure proper patching and life cycles Making a real difference A fast growing organization A family friendly culture Ongoing staff engagements Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Stock options Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday DevOps: 1 year (required) Software Development: 2 years (preferred) Mobile applications: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID352:
Create dynamic documents containing data and business rules for pension plans. Receive, analyze and process change requests for documents produced by Ariel, our pension administration software system. Program changes to business rules and document copy. Conduct regression tests to ensure the quality of deliverables. Answer questions from client teams about the changes made. Keep own knowledge of existing Ariel code up to date. College or university education in management information systems or equivalent work experience. At least one year of relevant experience. Good knowledge of C++, C#, and Microsoft Word. Knowledge of SQL and SSRS considered an asset. Very meticulous and committed to doing the job right. Ability to work under pressure and handle several projects simultaneously. Functional English. 
ScrapedJobID353:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls JavaScript HTML C++ Basic Work under pressure Attention to detail Team player Organized 
ScrapedJobID354:
Help desk Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Java JavaScript HTML CSS Basic security clearance Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Handling heavy loads Manual dexterity Attention to detail Sound discrimination Sitting Tight deadlines JavaOS Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized Remote work available Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Dental Benefits 
ScrapedJobID355:
Experience in Python and Javascript programming Development of back-end, microservice infrastructure in Python Application and front-end development in React.js Mobile App development with React Native an asset Knowledge and experience developing microservices Knowledge and experience with cloud technologies, specifically Google Cloud Platform Knowledge and experience developing containerised applications with Docker Dental care Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID356:

ScrapedJobID357:
Develop a safe environment within the Youth Centre. Manage and develop the youth leadership program; scheduling of youth leaders work-shifts and programming activities. Create opportunities for youth to volunteer and be active in their community, make presentations to council as necessary on youth issues and develop intergenerational programming. Coordinate the annual Youth Week using multiple community partnerships. Plan and implement programming and monitor program budgets; maintain monthly and quarterly approved expenses. Network and communicate with regional and government partners in the area of youth. Increase awareness of social issues through presentations, community displays, workshops and seminars. Provide accurate program content for the municipal community guide 3 times a year. Ensure requests to Communication are provided with accurate timely information for program promotion and content on town website. Conduct seasonal program evaluations and surveys to ensure program are meeting the outcomes. Hire, orientate, train and evaluate youth leaders and seasonal summer camp leaders. Post‐secondary education in a Human Services/Youth Work program (Equivalent combinations of education and experience may be considered). A minimum of 3 years of experience working with youth in a community environment. Experience in development and management of a program budget. Valid Class 5 Driver’s License. Valid First Aid Certificate and CPR Training. Suicide Prevention Certification (preferred). The successful candidate will be required to provide an acceptable Vulnerable Sector Criminal Record Check and Driver’s Abstract. On-site parking Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID358:
Develop CI/CD principles Review and modify CI/CD principles, iteratively Maintain CI/CD tools/platforms (if applicable) Develop and maintain pipeline configurations Automate processes Script writing (languages are irrelevant) Ability to interpret and write source code (languages are irrelevant) Management of infrastructure assets (networks, servers, operating systems, DBs) Familiarity with software packing tools (.exe, .deb, .rpm, Docker) Familiarity with version control tools (Git, Subversion, Mercurial) Management of cloud providers (AWS, GCP, Azure) Familiarity with security/vulnerability tools Familiarity with code coverage analytical tools Familiarity with monitoring tools Honesty – Do what’s right, even if it’s tough Collaboration – Leverage our collective genius, be a team Transparency – Be real Accountability – Recognize that if it is to be, it’s up to me Passion – Show commitment in heart and mind Advocacy – Earn trust and business Quality – Ensure what we do, we do well Bonus pay Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Work from home Monday to Friday DevOps: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID359:
Write programmes (PCDMIS) for the CMM Manage programmes to ensure the appropriate revision is used by the operators Responsible for the inspection and acceptance of detail parts in-process in machine shop and surface finishing. Will be required to evaluate products for acceptance to specific criteria, initiate rejection process where required, complete diverse paperwork and system records for traceability and movement of products. Complete First Article Inspection reports using AS9102 format. Able to work under minimum supervision in a team environment is essential. Work safely with heavy parts. Apply 5S workplace organization and Just In Time principals for Continuous Improvement. Must also possess good organizational and decision making skills to ensure completion of paperwork and computerized tasks. Successful candidate must meet all requirements under ITAR and CGD with no restrictions. Bachelor’s Degree and 5 years of relevant experience OR Advance degree and 3 years of relevant experience OR in absence of a degree, 9 years of relevant experience is Required Minimum of 3 years of Quality Assurance experience in a manufacturing environment Completed CMM operation and programming training. Minimum 2 years of CMM programming experience and capability (PCDMIS) Must be able to read and interpret drawings and specifications, including CATIA models (MBD) High competency and understanding of GD&T Experienced in Measurement System Analysis (i.e. gauge R&R) Able to operate CMM in both manual and programme mode (PCDMIS) Fully competent in the use of tools and gauges to inspect machined parts and features Knowledge of AS9102, aircraft industry requirements, and general inspection practices. Successful candidates must meet all ITAR @ CCGP Requirements. Knowledge of basic calibration (recall) system and quality audit experience Must be comfortable in a fast paced work environment and possess good interpersonal skills. Familiar with office computer programs (MS Word, Excel) and SAP 
ScrapedJobID360:

ScrapedJobID361:

ScrapedJobID362:
Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday "Please Confirm that you are eligible for Canada Youth Grant Funding details below. To be eligible, youth must: 1. be between 15 and 30 years of age at the start of the employment; 2. be a Canadian citizen, permanent resident, or person to whom refugee protection has been conferred under the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act for the duration of the employment; and, 3. have a valid Social Insurance Number at the start of employment and be legally entitled to work in Canada in accordance with relevant provincial legislation and regulations. *International students are not eligible participants. International students include anyone who is temporarily in Canada for studies and who is not a Canadian citizen, permanent resident, or person who has been granted refugee status. Awaiting refugee status ruling, as well as those hold a visitor visa, youth visa or work visa are ineligible" Secondary School (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID363:
Support and troubleshoot automated lumbermill systems Handle high priority production system issues Proficient with case documentation and digital communications Operate effectively across development platforms, tools, networks, servers, and databases Experience with infrastructure and support, managing tickets in a service ticket queue Research and develop solutions and improvements on a team-level. Ability to triage, investigate and replicate programming and IT issues Experience writing reports to fully describe problem technical issues and dive deep into root causes troubleshoot network infrastructure issues and subnets Ability to work with others and prioritize issues Liaise and work with IT at Head Office in Colville Minimum of 3 years in IT support and programmer experience Certificate in Computer Science, Engineering or similar field Understanding of automated lumbermill, automation, & configuration management systems Strong problem solving providing simple solutions to complex situations. Experience with time management, case load management, help desk management Read and understand wiring schematics and blueprints. Advanced understanding of Variable Frequency Drives Advanced understanding of TCP/IP networking Familiar with 4-20 ma instrumentation, servo systems, positioning systems and assorted feedback devices. Understanding standard control circuit wiring and troubleshooting Advanced experience and Proficient with Allen Bradley PLC RSLogix 5000 Fluent with Linux based systems as well as Windows. Knowledge of compatibility layers like Mono for Linux systems. Knowledge of Computer systems, server setups, (RAID arrays, UnRaid OS, Virtual Machines) Any experience with COE DTEC trimmer systems would be an asset. Familiar with SCADA based datalogging Languages required: C#, C++, VB.Net (.NET Core & .NET Framework) Advanced VBA Skill (Visual Basics for Applications, for Excel automated spreadsheets) Advanced SQL PHP Ladder Logic Cover Letters & Resumes can be sent to our email or faxed to 250-449-2792 Bonus pay Overtime pay Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Store discount Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program 8 hour shift Midway, BC: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) Do you have knowledge and/or experience in ControlLogix Control Systems or Rockwell Automation Systems? AEC / DEP or Skilled Trade Certificate (required) programmer: 3 years (required) IT support: 3 years (preferred) English (required) Computer Science certificate or similar field (required) No 
ScrapedJobID364:
8 hour shift Monday to Friday Devops: 7 years (required) PowerShell: 3 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID365:
We offer flexibility We offer a diverse work environment Futureproof your career with a job in information security Design and develop new features, in Java, JSP/HTML/JS/JQuery or SQL. Update and implement new cryptographic algorithms based on latest standards Build with tools such as Jira, Confluence, Artifactory, BitBucket, and other open-source tools Enrolled or completed an undergraduate Computer Science or Software Engineering program Completed at least three years of course work in your current program Strong Java expertise Good with details, time management and planning Great at communications and writing skills Can coordinate your activities within a team of energetic developers An understanding of cryptography, PKI concepts and software security practices You are comfortable working with Windows and the Linux family of operating systems You understand object-oriented design and apply design patterns Familiarity with x.509 standards, CMP, PKCS, S/MIME and SSL Leader in the security industry Friendly, supportive & knowledgeable teams Opportunities for on-the-job training You’ll help secure identities! 
ScrapedJobID366:
Perform clinical trial database quality/integrity checks by generating SAS data listings, summary tables, and graphs for data reviewing and cleaning. Develop SAS programs and generate complete, accurate and validated statistical TLGs in well-defined formats. Program SDTM and ADaM datasets according to the dataset specifications. Create SDTM annotated patient Case Report Forms. Develop SDTM dataset specifications under the supervision of a Senior Statistical Programmer or a Biostatistician. Perform data conversion between datasets with two different formats according to conversion requirements/specifications, e.g. converting from Excel data records to SAS datasets, non-CDISC compliant datasets to CDISC compliant datasets. Manage electronic data transfers from trial sponsors or other external clinical trial data vendors, such as central laboratories or other specialty laboratories. Document data and programming information in accordance with Corporate Governing Documents (Policies, SOPs, or Work Instructions). Archive clinical trial data (raw data, SDTM, and ADaM datasets) and programming documentation in accordance with Corporate Governing Documents and/or clinical trial sponsor’s specific requirements. A Master’s degree in Statistics, Biostatistics, Bioinformatics, Computer Sciences, and Mathematics, or other relevant fields required. At least one year of experience using SAS. SAS certification for Base, Advanced, and Clinical Trials Programmers highly preferred. 
ScrapedJobID367:
2+ years experience in a front end web development role Fluency in CSS, HTML, Javascript, React, jQuery and other front end languages Experience in running large scale technical site performance improvement projects Background building interactive web apps Ability to work 25-30 hours per week Webflow experience Experience with ecommerce An understanding of UX/UI and user behavior as it relates to marketing funnels Experience working with Analytics platforms like Segment or Google Analytics. Competitive salary Benefits (vary by location) Equity A highly skilled and dedicated team that is fun to work with Remote work – We are a diverse and distributed team that uses Slack, Zoom, Notion and other tools to stay connected Work in the open: Operate with high integrity and choose what's right over what's easy. Be transparent as a company and with each other People are People: Treat yourself, colleagues, and customers with dignity, empathy, and respect. Start from a presumption of positive intent Win and grow together: Strive to be the best, individually, and as a team. Support and encourage each other. Seek opportunities for growth 
ScrapedJobID368:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls 
ScrapedJobID369:
5+ years (senior) 1+ years (junior) experience working with PHP + bonus points for Laravel; 5+ years (senior) 1+ years (junior) experience with Javascript + bonus points for VueJS; Experience writing functional and unit tests; Passionate about user experience; Competitive salary; Early stock options; Hybrid remote work; 4 weeks vacation per year + 5 flex days $3,000 health spending account ($5,000 with spouse) Brand new MacBook Pro 
ScrapedJobID370:
Our engineers get the opportunity to work on the full stack of our tools, from developing the underlying algorithms, through to building intuitive & artist-friendly interfaces. We work in a collaborative, cross-site environment in the pursuit of simple and performant solutions to complex problems. The team works hand in hand with artists to make the tools we need for the incredibly complex and rich characters and environments featured in our movies. Develop new artist-centric interaction models using the latest hardware and technologies. Professional experience in a software developer role Proficiency in C++, strong software design and engineering skills Excellent problem solving, troubleshooting, and debugging skills Ability to develop and optimize algorithms for efficiency and scalability Exemplary communication, including the ability to engage with artists to understand their requirements and formulate practical solutions Degree in Computer Science or related professional experience Experience working in an Animation production environment Expertise in performance tuning and writing/debugging of parallel and vectorized code Other expertise: Maya, Houdini, USD, OpenGL, Qt, Python Post-graduate degree with specialization in Computer Science, Graphics, or comparable industry experience in a research, studio, or games environment 
ScrapedJobID371:
Own and drive initiatives that support the developer workflow Innovate and deliver great technical solutions Learn and adapt in changing situations Work collaboratively within and across teams Contribute to all levels of the development stack. Web Apps (Angular2+), APIs (nodeJs/GraphQL/REST), Mobile Apps (Flutter, React Native, Xamarin), Unit testing (Jest) as well as the data layer (MySQL, Mongo) Be comfortable leveraging AWS (numerous services including ECS, EKS, RDS, S3, Lamda, MSK) Challenging and meaningful work Incredible teammates, with varied levels of experience Virtual work environment, with remote-first mentality Ability to work from home with the support of full development team in Halifax Extended health and dental benefits plan (cost share program) Company cell phone plan Group RRSP (we match up to 3% of your salary) Team building activities (quarterly, in-person and/or virtual) 20 days vacation for all employees Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID372:
Write maintainable, testable, and performant software in collaboration with our world class team Participate in code review and performing extensive testing to ensure high quality software Research new technology and tools and share those findings with the team Communicate clearly and effectively with all members of our team Started and currently be enrolled in a Computer Science, Software Engineering, or similar program in a University or College Strong command of important core programming and computer science concepts Fundamental knowledge of core web principals (HTTP, browsers, the DOM, SSL, web servers) Good understanding & experience in HTML/CSS/JavaScript or native Android/iOS development Great interpersonal skills - we work very closely together as a team and require a lot of communication Proactive personality, and a desire to deliver your best work A love for improving software development workflows/process Mentorship Program Campus Ambassador Program Service Recognition Programs Socials, Outings & Retreats Culture of Learning & Development Flexible Working Hours Work from Home Flexibility 
ScrapedJobID373:
Write maintainable, testable, and performant software in collaboration with our world class team Participate in code review and performing extensive testing to ensure high quality software Research new technology and tools and share those findings with the team Communicate clearly and effectively with all members of our team Graduated from a Computer Science, Software Engineering, or similar program in a University or College Strong command of important programming and computer science concepts Ability to understand a web application and how it's built from end-to-end Fundamental knowledge of core web principals (HTTP, the DOM, SSL, web servers) Fluency with databases (schema design, querying, optimization etc.) Great interpersonal skills - we work very closely together as a team and require a lot of communication Proactive personality and a desire to deliver your best work. Mentorship Program Socials, Outings & Retreats Culture of Learning & Development Annual tech & travel allowance Comprehensive Health & Wellness Benefits Package Retirement Planning Flexible Working Hours Work from Home Flexibility Service Recognition Programs 
ScrapedJobID374:
Consumer finance experience preferred 5+ years of MS SQL Server experience Advanced understanding of T-SQL programming, SQL queries, and stored procedures Solid understanding of Microsoft SQL Server and Netezza Solid knowledge of database administration and best practices Experience with SSIS packages to load, transform and process data Experience with ETL Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Able to work in a complex and fast-changing environment 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID375:
Write maintainable, testable, and performant software in collaboration with our world class team Participate in code review and performing extensive testing to ensure high quality software Research new technology and tools and share those findings with the team Communicate clearly and effectively with all members of our team Started and currently be enrolled in a Computer Science, Software Engineering, or similar program in a University or College Strong command of important core programming and computer science concepts Fundamental knowledge of core web principals (HTTP, browsers, the DOM, SSL, web servers) Good understanding & experience in HTML/CSS/JavaScript or native Android/iOS development Great interpersonal skills - we work very closely together as a team and require a lot of communication Proactive personality, and a desire to deliver your best work A love for improving software development workflows/process Mentorship Program Campus Ambassador Program Service Recognition Programs Socials, Outings & Retreats Culture of Learning & Development Flexible Working Hours Work from Home Flexibility 
ScrapedJobID376:
Consumer finance experience preferred 5+ years of MS SQL Server experience Advanced understanding of T-SQL programming, SQL queries, and stored procedures Solid understanding of Microsoft SQL Server and Netezza Solid knowledge of database administration and best practices Experience with SSIS packages to load, transform and process data Experience with ETL Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Able to work in a complex and fast-changing environment 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID377:
Write maintainable, testable, and performant software in collaboration with our world class team Participate in code review and performing extensive testing to ensure high quality software Research new technology and tools and share those findings with the team Communicate clearly and effectively with all members of our team Started and currently be enrolled in a Computer Science, Software Engineering, or similar program in a University or College Strong command of important core programming and computer science concepts Fundamental knowledge of core web principals (HTTP, browsers, the DOM, SSL, web servers) Good understanding & experience in HTML/CSS/JavaScript or native Android/iOS development Great interpersonal skills - we work very closely together as a team and require a lot of communication Proactive personality, and a desire to deliver your best work A love for improving software development workflows/process Mentorship Program Campus Ambassador Program Service Recognition Programs Socials, Outings & Retreats Culture of Learning & Development Flexible Working Hours Work from Home Flexibility 
ScrapedJobID378:
Intermediate to senior experience with JavaScript, TypeScript, React, CSS, and other frontend technologies and frameworks. Intermediate to senior experience developing, deploying, and maintaining responsive, single page apps. Intermediate to senior experience debugging, optimizing, and testing (unit/regression/cross-browser) responsive, single page apps. Experience with SOA and REST APIs The type of work. Challenging, stimulating and meaningful work. New and relevant tech stack. We know engineers/developers especially want to work on hard technical and innovative problems. The inspiration from skilled and proven leaders. Entrepreneurial fingerprints on what will be a future billion dollar company anchored in Canada. Culture, team, and the work environment. High degree of autonomy and accountability. High degrees of transparency and high quality communication. Builders Intellectually Curious Ambitious Objective Oriented Supportive Check us out! We gather compensation benchmarking data across BC and Canada’s Tech Industry, and use that data to build a range for our current team and future talent based on skill, capabilities and potential. These positions can range from $85,000-$140,000 CDN based on level of experience, skill, and capacities. So there is always continued conversation around compensation. Benefits. We currently have extended health benefits. Vacation. Unlimited Vacation. We want the team to prioritize wellness and avoid burnout. We want to also give individuals autonomy to choose how and when they take vacation. We understand and respect that everyone’s needs for time off are different, just like our team. Vacation usually falls into 3 categories: recharging, life-event, keeping a work-life balance. just ensure the required work gets done and clear it with your team in advance. In practice we usually see our teams take anywhere from 2-4 weeks a year, and Klue always takes a reasonable approach so we can all continue to benefit from flexibility. Work-life integration: Hybrid work model, flexible working schedules, and a global team. 
ScrapedJobID379:
Reviewing and analyzing data from multiple sources Creating, maintaining, and updating company dashboards Using SQL to Develop Business Contextualized Databases off of Raw Data Writing SQL queries to store,sort and retrieve data for further analysis Supporting the marketing, rewards, customer growth, and engagement teams with their data needs and requirements Extracting and communicating insights from data Handling day-to-day data requests Engaging with the data engineering team to ensure data quality and integrity Reviewing data reports 2+ years of experience creating and maintaining dashboards Experience working in Databricks or other data warehouses Proven track record of being able to convert data into meaningful insights Strong understanding of SQL. Experience using tools such as Looker, PowerBI, or Tableau You have great attention to detail and a high standard of output You challenge the status quo and look for ways to continuously improve You're an effective communicator with strong organizational skills You are incredibly driven and hungry to learn You are a strong team player who can excel in a fast-paced environment 
ScrapedJobID380:

ScrapedJobID381:
Work with a squad of go-getters to deliver clean and effective solutions Produce workable prototypes to illustrate concepts iteratively and be able to provide detailed specifications for use by the other team members Deliver high quality implementations by practicing best software development practices Be a culture champion pivotal in driving culture change at all levels Experiment & learn! Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) Database knowledge (Postgres, Oracle, SQL Server, etc.) Programming Languages (Java, JavaScript, React, C , C++ etc.) Development tools (Jenkins, Maven, Artifactory, etc.) Agile Methodologies (Scrum, Kanban, XP, etc) 
ScrapedJobID382:

ScrapedJobID383:
Review requirements, specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases Estimate, prioritize, plan and coordinate testing activities Design, develop and execute test automation, scripts using open source tools Identify, record, document, track bugs and complete full regression testing Develop and apply testing processes for new and existing products to meet client needs Track quality assurance metrics including open defect counts Stay up-to-date with new testing tools and test strategies Collaborate and participate in a team environment Assist and contribute to our in-house developer and QA best practices Proven work experience in software development Proven work experience in software quality assurance Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes Experience in writing clear, concise and comprehensive test plans and test cases Hands-on experience with both white box and black box testing Experience with automated testing tools is a plus ExperienceSolid knowledge of SQL and scripting is a plus Experience with performance and/or security testing is a plus Capable of recognizing architectural bottlenecks and tradeoffs Must have excellent problem solving skills and love technical challenges Self-motivated, quick learner with the ability to achieve results You love to write clean, reusable code and have a passion for mobile development Not shy in communicating expectations, and sharing your perspective with others You take pride in delivering products that are impressive and outpace competitors You are always looking to develop new skills, learn new platforms and technologies Making a real difference A fast growing organization A family friendly culture Ongoing staff engagements Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Stock options Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Quality Assurance: 1 year (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID384:
Company events Dental care Discounted or free food Employee assistance program RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Monday to Friday Product Developing: 3 years (preferred) Driver's License (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID385:
Determine and analyze IT needs of users Ensure the quality of the programs and IT services according to the standards, norms and procedures in effect while helping them evolve Ensure the daily maintenance and development of in-house software Ensure the development of IT projects Bachelor’s degree or DEC in computer science 3 years of experience in the computer field Bilingual, French and English, oral and written Advanced experience with .Net, Visual Basic, SQL, MVC, Entity framework Knowledge of Test Driven Development and AGILE work methods (Kanban, Scrum...) Permanent full-time position You'll be joining a team that's committed to solving day-to-day issues, but always in a pleasant work environment! The best of both worlds: the resources of a large company and a family-like atmosphere A team that is passionate, attentive and committed to excellence A dynamic and stimulating work environment Flexible schedules that allow you to balance your work and your personal life Group insurance (different plans adapted to your needs) Registered Retirement Savings Plan with employer contributions Employee and Family Assistance Program Social activities 
ScrapedJobID386:
Currently enrolled in an Associate’s, Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design Knowledge of Computer Science fundamentals such as object-oriented design, algorithm design, data structures, problem solving, and complexity analysis. Collaborate with experienced cross-disciplinary Amazonians to conceive, design, and bring innovative products and services to market. Design and build innovative technologies in a large distributed computing environment, and help lead fundamental changes in the industry. Create solutions to run predictions on distributed systems with exposure to innovative technologies at incredible scale and speed. Build distributed storage, index, and query systems that are scalable, fault-tolerant, low cost, and easy to manage/use. Ability to design and code the right solutions starting with broadly defined problems. Work in an agile environment to deliver high-quality software. Previous technical internship(s), if applicable. Experience with distributed, multi-tiered systems, algorithms, and relational databases. Experience in optimization mathematics such as linear programming and nonlinear optimization. Ability to effectively articulate technical challenges and solutions. Adept at handling ambiguous or undefined problems as well as ability to think abstractly. 
ScrapedJobID387:
Work with business units to understand requirements for software development and delivery. Learn and help evolve ARI’s technical standards, bringing fresh perspective and ideas from the academic world into the commercial space. Perform coding build and maintain software Investigates, analyzes and documents reported defects. Creates, documents, and implements test plans and harnesses to ensure high quality work product. Performs related duties as assigned. Provides reasonable and fair estimates for assigned tasks and work efforts. Keeps current with software development trends, make suggestions and take action on IT-related best practices, processes and systems. Must be enrolled in an accredited college or university pursuing a degree in a computer, systems programming or engineering field. Proficiency in programming languages like C#, C++, Java, Swift, Python, JavaScript and others. 
ScrapedJobID388:
Number of job available: 1 Bachelor's degree in a related field A minimum of 4 years of relevant experience For vacant positions available in Quebec, please note that knowledge of French is required 
ScrapedJobID389:
creation of internal shop drawings with CabinetVision v12 including Screen to Machine software and Aspire v8.0 communication with clients, vendors, shop staff and site staff programming of components to send to the Biesse CNC and dowel boring machine preparation of material lists for accounting assisting with product data and LEED submittals and a variety of other tasks as required thrive in a fast-paced environment exhibit a strong attention to detail be able to read construction architectural blueprints have experience with a CNC router be familiar with cabinet making from design and build through assembly and installation respond well to feedback and work well with minimal supervision interact effectively with a variety of people be flexible, adaptable and eager to learn and improve their skills Company events Dental care Extended health care RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday CabinetVision: 1 year (preferred) drafting: 1 year (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID390:
Utilizes CAD/CAM software to develop programs to control contour-path machining of metal parts on 3 through 5 axis machine tools. Utilizes CAM software to develop programs for CNC lathe with twin spindles, live tooling and multiple axis’s Provides tool designs and concepts to achieve end item product build and production rate working within engineering and quality specifications. Ensures conformance to established procedures and quality level. Ensures conformance to Customer Engineering and Specifications. Analyzes drawings and part design data to determine dimension and configuration of cuts, selection of cutting tools, and machine speeds and feed rates, according to knowledge of machine shop processes, part specifications, and machine capabilities. Creates computerized setup documents, including all tool requirements and CNC programs. Continuous improvement of cutting methods to reduce cost, and improve quality. Creates fixture setup documents and planning outlines for CNC programming. Assists with other duties as assigned. High School/GED or equivalent education is required. Requires 2+ years' CAD/CAM experience and extensive knowledge of tool path verification techniques. Strong machining background with cutting tool speeds and feeds required. Ability to push the limits of comfort to try newly released technologies and tools to support the needs of the customer. Must be a self-driven individual with excellent time management skills. Desire to service internal and external customers. Ability to handle diverse assignments from technical analysis to economic justification, to data entry. Aerospace and Oil/Gas experience a plus! Position available to Canadian Citizens or Canadian Permanent Residents ONLY. 
ScrapedJobID391:
Establish and implement policies and procedures for information systems Assign, co-ordinate and review projects and programs Plan, organize, direct, control and evaluate daily operations Meet with clients to discuss system requirements, specifications, costs and timelines 
ScrapedJobID392:
or equivalent experience MS Windows Linux System integration Consulting firm Telecommunications industry Collect and document user's requirements and develop logical and physical specifications Research, evaluate and synthesize technical information to design, develop and test computer-based systems Develop data, process and network models to optimize architecture and to evaluate the performance and reliability of designs Plan, design and co-ordinate the development, installation, integration and operation of computer-based systems Assess, troubleshoot, document, upgrade and develop maintenance procedures for operating systems, communications environments and applications software Lead and co-ordinate teams of information systems professionals in the development of software and integrated information systems, process control software and other embedded software control systems Object-Oriented programming languages JavaScript HTML SQL .NET Model-View-Controller (MVC) Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Willing to relocate Relocation costs covered by employer Word processing software Spreadsheet Internet File management software Presentation software Communication software Project management software Web service design SQL Data analysis software Mapping and data visualization software Website creation and management software MS Office Enterprise Applications Integration (EAI) Desktop applications Business diagram software Business intelligence Cloud Salesforce Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID393:
Develop control code for prototype and production systems, conforming to OEM and national/international standards More specifically, develop software for mechatronic systems to meet the expectations and requirements of customers, including but not limited to:
The software controlling power modules for high-current vehicle applications such as brushed and brushless motors
Software for 16-bit and 32-bit microcontroller-based ECUs for vehicle hardware control
Software for gateway modules for OEM vehicle bus interface
Development of control module software for in-house hardware applications
Diagnosis and repair of existing code for electrical/electronic/mechatronic systems The software controlling power modules for high-current vehicle applications such as brushed and brushless motors Software for 16-bit and 32-bit microcontroller-based ECUs for vehicle hardware control Software for gateway modules for OEM vehicle bus interface Development of control module software for in-house hardware applications Diagnosis and repair of existing code for electrical/electronic/mechatronic systems Establishment, concurrence, documentation and maintenance of software requirements and specifications for assigned projects Lead the verification, validation and testing of developed software solutions for assigned projects, performing both white-box- and black-box-level tests for the developed software Assist in the development of project plans, including timing and deliverables Adhere to version control requirements and change-tracking Be part of the development of Multimatic engineering tools and development systems for electronic components Work closely with other disciplines, such as outside suppliers and mechanical engineers, to achieve project requirements Stay up to date on the latest programming techniques, electronic chip technology and general industry trends Document/present information obtained from conferences and training courses as required University degree in Electrical/Electronics, Mechatronics, Measurement and Control or Computing engineering Experience working with 16/32-bit controllers from Infineon, NXP, Microchip etc. Experience with device-driver-level and application-level software development Experience working with varied IDEs, debuggers and toolchains such as iSystem, Cosmic, Keil, Eclipse, Visual Studio, etc. Experience with computer-aided design and analysis tools such as:
MathWorks’s Matlab, Simulink, Stateflow, or Labview MathWorks’s Matlab, Simulink, Stateflow, or Labview Experience developing embedded systems using:
C/C++ programming including MISRA Coding Standards, Embedded C(++)
Assembly-level programming C/C++ programming including MISRA Coding Standards, Embedded C(++) Assembly-level programming Experience with communication protocols including network modelling such as:
CAN, LIN, SPI, SENT, SSI, I2C CAN, LIN, SPI, SENT, SSI, I2C Experience working with Vector Tools such as CANape, CANoe, CANoe.DiVa, DaVinci, ASAP, VFlash, and CANalyzer Experience with AUTOSAR Experience with Software Configuration Management for version control Experience with Software development for P-SPICE, A-SPICE, CMMI-level compliance Experience in development to ISO 26262, including a good understanding of the ASIL risk classification scheme Exposure to ISO 14229 Road vehicles - Unified diagnostic services tools and disciplines Strong knowledge of state-of-the-art micro-controllers such as PPC and MPC platforms, AURIX, ARM Core, or TI DSP Understanding of power electronics, BLDC motors, DC and AC motors, brush and brushless motor controllers, power conversion, power storage, signal conditioning and digital communication Experience with automotive and industrial control and electromechanical systems, data acquisition techniques/equipment, including associated transducers and instrumentation Hands-on experience with vehicle instrumentation and sensor conditioning Exposure to electronic system testing procedures and tools Exposure to vehicle power closures, active suspension, active aerodynamics systems and vehicle dynamics. Exposure to dSpace ControlDesk and dSpace MicroAutoBox controllers Overall knowledge of the automotive and related electronics industries 
ScrapedJobID394:
Design, implement and support components of our data infrastructure Ensure our data infrastructure and delivery pipeline is stable, robust and can scale to provide an exceptional experience for our customers and users Monitor and optimize the performance of business critical queries and ETL-related processes Be able to write high-quality, well-documented, high-performance code Be eager to learn new technologies and best practices in data engineering by working with a world-class data team Have a working knowledge of at least one programming language (e.g., Ruby, Python, C#, Java, Perl) Have basic knowledge of Git and SQL Be entrepreneurial and enthusiastic about working in a fast-paced start-up environment Have a Bachelor of Computer Science or Computer Engineering or equivalent degree, or equivalent qualifications / experience A competitive salary and incentives Interesting and meaningful problems to work on Colleagues who are smart, motivated, talented and a pleasure to work with Health benefits for yourself and your family Your choice of hardware, software and work setup Flexible office hours and generous vacation policy WFH or in abeautiful, centrally located office filled with sunlight and perks 
ScrapedJobID395:
or equivalent experience Consulting firm Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Java JavaScript CSS XML Technology (XSL,XSD,DTD) Ajax JQuery React Native React.js Angular.js Grunt.js Computer Internet access Willing to travel Fast-paced environment Attention to detail Combination of sitting, standing, walking Tight deadlines Willing to relocate Relocation costs covered by employer Spreadsheet MS Windows Linux Database software MAC JavaOS Security software Project management software Programming software Software development MS Office API Salesforce Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Organized Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID396:
Designing high quality web and mobile applications that are highly scalable and extensible Collaborating with cross-functional team members on features, design and implementation Estimating, tasking and rapid prototyping Contributing clear and maintainable code to a shared codebase Investigating, learning and applying new technologies and processes Clarifying requirements with team and client representatives Proven experience working with high performance, high volume, content-rich websites Fluent and current in HTML5, CSS and JavaScript Experience with JavaScript frameworks for both browser and server development and tooling around dependency management and testing Experience with cross browser development Enthusiasm for modern browser and new online technologies/trends Attention to well-crafted code Exposure to and enthusiasm for Agile approaches to software development e.g. testing, continuous integration, project rooms, pair programming, etc. Usability and User Experience best practices Popular APIs such as Facebook and Twitter Mobile platforms Organizing large CSS codebases (e.g. BEM, SMACSS) Experience with and appreciation for the challenges of developing front ends for large sites 
ScrapedJobID397:
Certification by a provincial or territorial association Develop computer applications for machines and processes Read blueprints and drawings Set machine or equipment controls, oversee production and inspect processes Steel-toed safety boots Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Tight deadlines Computer numerical control (CNC) machines Programming software Initiative Flexibility Team player Organized Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits Vision Care Benefits 
ScrapedJobID398:
You have a good understanding of automation concepts. You have a strong drive to improve and optimize workflows and toolings. You are a strong proponent of DevOps culture and continuous improvement You are a self-motivated person who will work closely with business, development, and other stakeholders. You have a strong focus on business outcomes and delivering value You have a strong sense of ownership and accountability Bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent experience in DevOps engineering 5+ years of professional experience as a DevOps engineer 3+ years of professional experience building and maintaining cloud infrastructure (Preferably GCP) Experience with containerization Kubernetes/Docker Experience with automation technologies such as Ansible, Jenkins, Terraform, Github Actions, and others. Experience with SQL Databases A solid foundation of networking, security, and Linux administration. Python & Bash scripting skills 
ScrapedJobID399:
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience is required. Minimum one year of experience as a web developer is required. Good knowledge of English Language. Solid knowledge of programming applications. Proficient in JavaScript, HTML, CSS, PHP, JQuery and MySQL. Dedicated team player, Organized, Initiative, Dependability. Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment. Solid ability in both written and verbal communication. Knowledge of programming language and technical terminology. Able to develop ideas and processes and clearly express them. Able to solve complex problems. Excellent written and oral communication and Effective interpersonal skills. Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements, Prepare mock-ups and storyboards, Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements, Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website, Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software, Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products, Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity, Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code, Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls 
ScrapedJobID400:
Information Technology Computer Science Computer Software Engineering or equivalent experience Consulting firm Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications XML JavaScript HTML CSS SQL Python Git Internet access Public transportation is available Linux Programming software Software development API Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Client focus Judgement Organized Remote work available Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Vision Care Benefits Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID401:
Design, build, and maintain efficient reporting solutions (mainly with SSRS) and complex datasets using multidimensional data and complexed stored procedures. Analyze source system data and develop ETL packages using tools such as SSIS; Empower the business by creating lasting gateways to their data using Analysis Services tools such as SSAS; Create dimensional data models to support business metrics and analytics, with flexibility for change; As DBA, troubleshooting a critical performance issue or point in time recovery scenarios. Proactively identifying and rectifying security issues, performance auditing, optimizing/tuning, monitoring troubleshooting as well as other duties Developing dashboards, datasets, visuals, and paginated reports with Microsoft SSRS; Ability to interpret requirements and design reports that present information in dashboards and visuals to end users in an intuitive and clear manner; Experience creating and maintaining RDL reports with SSRS; Knowledge and experience in prototyping, designing, and requirement analysis; Highly proficient in multiple programming languages and coding. Excellent ability to design and engineer moderately complex enterprise solutions; Expertise in Windows and Doors segment it is a plus; Design windows and doors needs using WinWrap Basic (Visual Basic Language); Gather requirements and write design specifications; Support the solution to business and IT representatives throughout the software life cycle; Perform testing and prepare documentation; Lead/Manage the projects within all steps: requirements definition, planning, design, development, test and support of the post-deployment product; Work with Business, Application Manager and Project Manager to determine the best technical solution and development process; Prioritize development and support tasks for all projects and ensure dev milestones and tasks are completed as scheduled; Complete data analysis and performance testing to identify process improvements and issues and work on implementation and resolution, respectively. Dental care Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Vision care Day shift No 
ScrapedJobID402:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required MySQL Java SQL React.js Git 
ScrapedJobID403:
We're 100% Canadian, 9 locations across the Country 20+ Year track record of performance excellence and a focus on innovation We've been awarded for our Diversity and Inclusion programs and recognized as one of Canada's Greenest Employers, 11 years in a row! Join us and learn by being part of a winning, high-performance team! Analyze business and product requirements and under the guidance of Developer 2 or 3, support the design of less complex technical solutions in accordance with industry and Symcor standards and software development best practices. Liaise with development team, implementation support and production support staff to support the definition of technical specifications as required. Contribute to the identification of efficient solutions for less complex requirements. Liaise with development team, implementation support and production support staff to support the definition of technical specifications. Under supervision, convert architectures and designs specifications into running code. Provide automated tests to demonstrate correctness. Work with Peers, Support and Customers to diagnose challenges and issues with the product/service. Contribute fresh, new ideas during developer meetings and other brainstorming sessions.Under the guidance of Developer 2 or 3, utilize the design to develop a working technical solution/software application within established timelines, incorporating modern technologies, programming languages, development tools and industry best practices. Test code to ensure the solution is reliable and meets Symcor security standards as well as business and client requirements. Under supervision or subject to peer review: Use a variety of programming languages and development tools to build, test, implement, and support the development of software applications. Write high-quality, re-usable code applying industry standard programming best practices. Assist in estimating resource needs and timelines to complete short and long term projects as well as daily operational tasks. Assist in clarifying stakeholder requirements; communicate questions and address concerns. Fix product defects and develop regressions tests. College diploma or undergraduate university degree in a related discipline (e.g., Computer Science) or a combination of experience, education and/or training deemed to be equivalent. 1-2 years of relevant experience. Demonstrated ability to quickly learn new platforms and technologies. Knowledge of Jython/Python/Javascript would be highly desirable. Project Management Methodologies: Agile (Scrum), Test Driven Development, Waterfall. Strong knowledge of software development life cycle. Familiarity with Prisma or Sefas Post Composition technology an asset. A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities Ability to make a difference and lasting impact Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team Opportunities to do challenging work Opportunities to take on progressively greater accountabilities Work-Life Balance 
ScrapedJobID404:
Tyler Dixon, intern, 16 months Helping game studios integrate multiplayer features into the next ‘Call of Duty’. Developing plugins and extending our automation framework. Developing core features for our allocation and provisioning systems. Evolving, scaling, productizing and supporting our Kubernetes platform. Designing and implementing tools and automations running on distributed systems. Deploying and maintaining multiple Kubernetes clusters across multiple DCs with hundreds of nodes. Performing root cause analyses and proposing and/or implementing appropriate engineering solutions to prevent or mitigate recurring incidents. Participating in design and code reviews. Creating tools to automate all the things! Excellent programming skills. A good grasp of fundamental algorithms and data structures. Familiarity with Linux. Familiarity with source control (git preferred). Excellent debugging and analytical skills. Can identify complex problems and find simple solutions. Can clearly communicate technical concepts in plain English. Understanding of SQL based databases (MySQL preferred) Knowledge of networking technologies, e.g. TCP, UDP. Experience with multi platform software development. Experience with security and scalability. Experience developing REST web services. Experience with Kubernetes and golang. Complimentary breakfast, lunch, and drinks from a fully stocked kitchen City-center office location Relocation assistance Vacation allowance Competitive pay Free games Intern Team Events 
ScrapedJobID405:
Leading functional programming and feasibility studies; Managing client and stakeholder relationships; Developing and refining project specific engagement processes; Assessing client needs and requirements; Developing strategic space plans through conceptual exploration and design development; Organizing and analysing data efficiently to inform space planning exercises; Collaborating alongside a broad, multidisciplinary consultant team and client groups; and Working on a variety of projects across the country. 
ScrapedJobID406:
Mechanical Designer/Programmers write CNC programs to accomplish various machining operations as per the determine sequence and dimensions of the finished product based upon specifications. Create CNC programs using Master Cam design tools – setup, tooling sheets and tool life management Ability to read and understand fabrication and technical drawings including specifications Provide input re: fixture design, program edits, tool reduction/improvements optimizing cycle times and equipment throughput Prepare and maintain NC program digital data in DNC and network Provide shop floor support and assist Root Cause Corrective Action process, actively participating within the “Zero Defect Teams Actively participates within the APQP/NPI process, specifically the development of PFMEA’s & Control Plans Support continuous improvement and Lean manufacturing initiatives on the Production floor Initiates (where applicable) and actively participates within the ECR process to ensure all changes are documented prior to implementation Actively participates including formal presentations to enhance Health and Safety Responsible to maintain the ENG Opens Issues document, identifying appropriate tasks to completion in a timely manner Under minimal supervision prioritizes tasks to take the appropriate action Effectively communicates with suppliers, operational & technical staff including executive management – team player Excellent problem-solving skills with experience in Quality Analytical Tools Computer literacy is required, specifically MS Office, Computer Aided Design (NX, Solid Edge, Master Cam) Previous experience in a manufacturing setting is required College/University degree in a related technical discipline, Engineering preferred Bonus pay Overtime pay Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Tuition reimbursement Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday On call No 
ScrapedJobID407:
Champion DevOps adoption and ensure best practices are followed through all stages: release, deploy, operate, monitor. Contribute to roadmap development, execution, and releases. Assist in achieving established goals and departmental objectives. Collaborate with team members to improve the ecosystem of the Plan, Build, Code and Test. Actively seeking ways to improve the efficiency and maturity throughout the products\projects lifecycles. Design and implement InvestorCOM CD framework, guideline and best practices. Contribute to infrastructure improvements, architecture, development and deployment. Apply cloud Azure (preferred)\AWS\GCP computing skills throughout the DevOps cycles. Deploy and manage Infrastructure as Code. Monitor and manage alerts for production workloads. Provide troubleshooting support for application incidents and issues. Act as an active member for after hours support. Other duties as assigned. 2-3 years of experience in Cloud infrastructure, microservice architectures, Operations or DevOps roles. Experience with building, managing and maintaining CI/CD pipelines. Experience with security and compliance within a organization. Experience with different software development languages (.net, C#, etc). Experience in distributed applications on Azure. Experience in deployment and configuration of Infrastructure as Code and Platform as Code within Azure based solutions. Experience using Terraform to manage configurations and deployment of cloud workloads. Hamilton-Niagara Top Employer 2018 - 2021;
Employee Recommended Workplace 2018 & 2019; and
Canada’s Top Small & Medium Employer 2018, 2020 & 2021 Hamilton-Niagara Top Employer 2018 - 2021; Employee Recommended Workplace 2018 & 2019; and Canada’s Top Small & Medium Employer 2018, 2020 & 2021 Group Health & Dental Benefits RSP Matching Profit Sharing Program Perkopolis Discounts Career Development and Training Parental Leave Top-up Team activities and events 
ScrapedJobID408:
Design, create, and modify websites & internal applications. Create back-end code and interfaces for new web platforms. Analyze user needs to implement web site content. Integrate web sites with other computer applications. 2nd or 3rd year post-secondary education. Preferred qualifications in Computer science (emphasis on software development using Microsoft Technologies and Microsoft tools) Two years of experience developing software in an educational environment Previous experience in web development or other related fields Familiarity with HTML, JavaScript, or other related languages Strong problem solving and critical thinking skills Strong attention to detail Theory knowledge in Dot Net & C/C++ Theory knowledge in MS SQL Server PowerShell scripting knowledge 
ScrapedJobID409:
You work closely with artists and designers, which gives you a deep understanding of the real needs behind their requests. Your problem-solving skills and your ingenuity allow you to find the most appropriate solutions. You frequently make suggestions to improve systems and you maintain clear documentation. You routinely collaborate with your fellow programmers and tool support specialists to resolve bugs that arise. You both share your innovations with and learn from your peers in the tools community at the studio. A bachelor’s degree in computer science or computer engineering or equivalent At least 3 years of experience in software programming, ideally in the video game industry or any other relevant experience Excellent proficiency in various programming languages, especially C# (WPF) and C++ Good analytical and synthesis skills + attention to detail Ability to work as part of a team + good interpersonal and communication skills Autonomy, curiosity and resourcefulness that motivate you to go talk to people Flexibility in the organization of your work, allowing you to adapt to changes. A hybrid, flexible work model Six weeks of vacation An enhanced parental leave program Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefits Package:
Disability Insurance
Dental Insurance
Extended medical insurance
(Optional) RRSP contribution
Relocation Assistance
Bonus (If Applicable) Disability Insurance Dental Insurance Extended medical insurance (Optional) RRSP contribution Relocation Assistance Bonus (If Applicable) 
ScrapedJobID410:
Multiple positions ranging from intermediate up to team lead level (based on skill, regardless of the amount of experience or education), opening up immediately and throughout the year. Additional positions for specialists (for example, Android programmers, front-end developers, etc). Tell us your strengths and we’ll go from there. Other Positions: We are also hiring for other positions (software tester, business analyst, project manager, graphic designer, and UX designer). You may apply for multiple positions separately. If you know someone in any of these areas, please do them a quick and friendly favour by letting them know about this posting. Office Location: The office location shown on mapping systems is not accurate for where this position will be because we are opening multiple new development locations in the greater Toronto, Vancouver, and Calgary areas. Full time and permanent. Fast moving in terms of variety of work and expectations. Flexible hours (for example: choose to start your day between 6am and 10am, work late some days and shorter on others). Gain valuable career experience in the newest highlevel technologies (C#, .NET 5, Xamarin, SignalR, Java, MVC7, WCF, web services, SOA). Gain experience with many advanced software engineering tools and techniques (code generation, object relational mappers, advanced .NET reflection, etc). Gain experience with both small and large projects, with involvement throughout the product life-cycle. Opportunities to be involved with higher level architecture and design. Mentoring from experienced software architects and some of the smartest peers in the country, on exciting projects that you can really sink your teeth into. A blend of programming methodologies (deliberately part way between agile, Kanban, and waterfall plus occasional extreme and pair programming methodologies). Does not involve a lot of boring technical support or fixing broken legacy applications. Most of the learning is through hands-on trying and doing and collaborating. Meetings and formal training are minimized. Rarely requires meeting with a client for those who prefer not to. Environment allows for some privacy at your workstation as well as time to concentrate without distractions when you need it. Exchange city program: swap cities with one of our developers in another city! Pleasant covers good portion of travel, no cost accommodation, and stay for a month or two without using up any vacation. Highly intelligent. Fast learner and enjoys learning. Passionate about making software and very good at it. Gets deeply involved with challenges and will persevere at length to achieve victory. Takes pride in work. A deep appreciation for reusable code and the benefits of object oriented design. No specific requirements for formal education or industry experience. We evaluate each applicant based on merit rather than formalities. Ability to see opportunities for improvement everywhere. Experience with .NET or mobile development. Pragmatic approach to balancing perfectionism with getting the job done. Friendly, non-threatening, and non-political environment. Mid-sized company but retaining the speed and flexibility of a smaller company. We are a great environment for both outgoing people and those who are very shy and introverted (applicable to non-client facing positions). We strive to have every employee sitting near a window for natural light and to have plenty of plants throughout the office; we care about employee health. Social events worth remembering (fencing competitions, curling, video game or board game parties, coding competitions, commando combat training, robotics club coming soon, etc). Unlimited access to pillage our kitchens for caffeine, sugar, healthy snacks, soups, and more : ) Additional perks that are cost-shared like motorized sit-stand desks. Task focused: everyone in the company heavily uses centralized to-do lists to stay organized, prioritize, and coordinate. Fast paced Headquarters and in the future satellite offices too: Free onsite massage therapy. Headquarters: Private nap rooms for isolated thinking time or for taking a nap if you didn’t sleep well last night. Consistent work/life balance: mandatory overtime is very rare. Pleasant Solutions is a dynamic company headquartered in Edmonton, a large satellite office in Toronto and Vancouver, and smaller but growing satellite offices across Canada (including in Calgary, Ottawa, etc). Silicon Valley kind of excitement and growth potential. Fast growth: One of the 200 fastest growing technology companies in North America with 955% growth over 5 years (based on growth rates in published rankings of the 2014 Profit 500 and 2013 Deloitte Technology Fast 500). Canadian Profit Guide ranked us #88 out of 500 for fast growth in Canada, announced in Sept 2015. Stable and well diversified. We also operate one of Canada's most advanced and largest capacity video marketing studios. The studio team has won multiple awards. Full of smart and passionate people whom you can learn from. Very low employee turn-over rate, attesting to the value of working here. As of 2021, we have begun to greatly focus on in-house product development than previous years where we formerly had a focus on consulting services. Currently, our lead focus is on Webifier, a tool that lets non-technical people build their own full-blown web applications using spreadsheets, and which is beginning explosive growth (see https://pleasantsolutions.com/webifier) as well as privacy products as seen under Paranoid.com. We still do some software development services, electronics manufacturing, marketing services, and IT services. Other in-house products include the high-security Pleasant Password Server. An innovative technology company with an aim of achieving results in creative ways. We develop high quality software you will take pride in. Our company name says it all. Socially conscious (for example, we pay for employees to sponsor hundreds of WorldVision children). Achieved zero layoffs throughout Covid. What do you have to lose by exploring the possibility? Applying does not take long and we keep your application confidential (never disclosed to existing employer). Apply online today at https://pleasantsolutions.com/careers/apply/developer Even if you don't have your resume updated or ready to go, apply anyway; we want to hear from you! Please do not apply via email, apply only by visiting the https://pleasantsolutions.com/careers/apply/developer site. Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID411:
Curiosity and passion to constantly learn new things; Shopify changes fast, and we need the people who work here to be able to change and learn fast too The willingness to fail and learn; we believe that learning by doing is a great way to grow, even if that means facing failure The skills and awareness to manage multiple priorities; Dev Degree interns balance Shopify, university, and their own needs throughout the program An interest in computer science and software development; Dev Degree is a work-integrated learning program for those aspiring to build software. 
ScrapedJobID412:
Java development (Kotlin a plus but not required) Android application development Delivered production application Communication / collaboration Willing to tackle myriad of tasks Using 3rd party toolkits / dependencies git / android studio / GitHub Comfortable getting and giving PRs Ability to work during Pacific Time Zone 
ScrapedJobID413:
Work with a squad of go-getters to deliver clean and effective solutions Produce workable prototypes to illustrate concepts iteratively and be able to provide detailed specifications for use by the other team members Deliver high quality implementations by practicing best software development practices Be a culture champion pivotal in driving culture change at all levels Experiment & learn! Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) Database knowledge (Postgres, Oracle, SQL Server, etc.) Programming Languages (Java, JavaScript, React, C , C++ etc.) Development tools (Jenkins, Maven, Artifactory, etc.) Agile Methodologies (Scrum, Kanban, XP, etc) 
ScrapedJobID414:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls JavaScript HTML CSS Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines 3D graphic software Initiative Organized 
ScrapedJobID415:

ScrapedJobID416:
Turn design documents into functional websites Maintain and update existing websites Provide website support for clients Create new, and improve on existing, in-house WordPress themes and plugins HTML CSS JavaScript and jQuery PHP Experience with WordPress Experience with GitHub Experience with Shopify Linux server administration and management Experience with Laravel and other Frameworks Experience with modern JavaScript libraries Must be happy working in a team environment Must be a continuous learner Must enjoy solving problems Must have appreciation for user experience Must have excellent customer service skills Must have good time management skills Must have strong communication skills Web Development: minimum 3 years (Required) Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Web Development: 3 years (preferred) English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID417:

ScrapedJobID418:
Full 360° Managed IT Service Computer/ Mobile Device Repair Data Backup/ Recovery Website Development Bonus pay Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID419:
currently an undergrad in Computer Science demonstrate ability working with REST APIs and JSON comfortable with a HTML/CSS/JavaScript/node.js stack ability to code with React.js, Bootstrap tables, and HighCharts able to use a MySQL database location: WeWork @ 1 University Ave, Toronto must be interested in finance/blockchains/trading-bots gain valuable experience in the fintech sector jumpstart your career while completing your degree gain access to our extensive professional network 
ScrapedJobID420:
Consumer finance experience preferred 5+ years of MS SQL Server experience Advanced understanding of T-SQL programming, SQL queries, and stored procedures Solid understanding of Microsoft SQL Server and Netezza Solid knowledge of database administration and best practices Experience with SSIS packages to load, transform and process data Experience with ETL Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Able to work in a complex and fast-changing environment 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID421:
Must have a University degree in Recreation, Human Kinetics, Physical Education, Business Administration, Public Administration or related field or Ontario Ministry of Education equivalency plus a minimum of four (4) years related experience in areas such as: facilitation, organization, communication, report writing, human resources and planning; OR Must have a Community College Diploma in Recreation or Business Administration, Public Administration or related field or Ontario Ministry of Education equivalency plus a minimum of six (6) years of related experience in areas such as: facilitation, organization, communication, report writing, human resources and planning; OR Must have an Ontario Secondary School Graduation Diploma and one (1) year of additional courses in Recreation, Human Kinetics, Physical Education, Business Administration, Public Administration or related field or Ontario Ministry of Education equivalency plus a minimum of more than ten (10) years of related experience in areas such as: facilitation, organization, communication, report writing, human resources and planning; Must have the ability to travel to off site locations in a timely and expedient manner as required. If method of travel is by vehicle, a current valid Ontario Driver’s License is required in accordance with the Highway Traffic Act and must provide a driver’s abstract as condition of employment.; Must have working knowledge of the Microsoft Suite of Products such as Word, Excel, etc.; Must have proven oral and written communication skills; Must have excellent interpersonal skills; Must have knowledge of the Occupational Health and Safety Act, its regulations and knowledge of hazards associated with work; A working knowledge of the ActiveNet computer software program is considered an asset; Additional courses completed in Administration or Public Relations would be considered an asset; Certified Pool Operator certification is considered an asset; Will be required to complete and remain current as per the requirements of the Corporation’s Management Certificate Program; Progression through the Art of Supervision Program Certificate or a supervisory program of a similar nature is considered an asset; Advanced aquatic qualifications such as: National Lifeguard Instructor/Examiner; Lifesaving Society Instructor Trainer and First Aid Instructor are considered assets; The physical demands analysis associated with this job indicates a Light to Medium level of work. All City of Windsor employees are required to be fully vaccinated as a condition of employment in accordance with the City’s COVID-19 Vaccination Policy Only those applicants selected for an interview will be acknowledged We offer a smoke-free office environment Personal information is collected under the authority of the Municipal Act, c. 25 as amended, and will be used to determine eligibility for employment. The Corporation of the City of Windsor is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
ScrapedJobID422:
gives back to the community has leadership that inspires, coaches and mentors allows you to speak up and be heard AND ... likes to have FUN? Live and breathe UI/UX design and data visualization; Utilize modern frontend frameworks such as React to build Web applications; Build custom data visualizations to make data accessible and understandable; Integrate Web applications with RESTful APIs; Evaluate solutions and help to define the architecture and design of our data analytics platform; Contribute with development best practices and experiment with new ideas; Work collaboratively with cross-functional teams to identify creative solutions for data analysis, and plan and execute critical products from concept to production. Experience developing and maintaining production web applications and building single-page applications; Passionate about data visualization and knowledgeable on how to best present insights hidden in the data; Deep knowledge of Javascript (ES6+) and modern frontend frameworks such as React, Vue or Angular Understand the strengths and weaknesses of the popular chart types and data visualizations; Experience designing and implementing new visualizations using D3.js or similar; Big plus if you have experience designing and implementing analytical platforms You have a passion for keeping up with the constant state of rapid evolution in the data world! You are a creative & innovative thinker. You are entrepreneurial and take initiative, finding and executing great ideas with minimal resources. You are a visionary! Someone who wants to leave a lasting impact on business You are excellent at communicating within a team and with clients You thrive under pressure and have no problem meeting deadlines Remote Work Environment #ChooseOurOwnAdventure . Read more about our remote work environment here! Summer Hours ️ Wellness Program Lunchtime virtual gym sessions? Count me in! Course Reimbursement Program – We want you to keep learning, so we can too! Personal Days in addition to Vacation days An extra day off during the month of your birthday - our gift to you! Open and transparent communication, including bi-weekly All Hands Meetings with our CEO Pelmorex Learning Academy includes offerings like French, Leadership (for people leaders and non-leaders alike), yoga, mindfulness Your mental health is important to us! We partner with Inkblot for virtual counseling sessions Free online doctor visits with Maple Online Healthcare Personal Spending Account - Full-Time employees will receive $500 per year While we encourage 1:1 conversations, we recognize that not everyone is comfortable with speaking up. We have an anonymous reporting platform (Speakfully) to ensure everyone’s voice is heard Weather is inclusive, we will be too. We have an IDEAS (Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Awareness, Solidarity) team committed to making this happen! 
ScrapedJobID423:
Front-end development for UX, PC application, and web services Various other programming tasks related to the WTFast service 
ScrapedJobID424:
Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Secondary School (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID425:
Develop testable, readable, and effective production quality code Build and maintain new features on our Optimization/AI platform – both backend and frontend Implement backend containerized microservices on AWS (Amazon Web Services), using AWS API Gateway, Lambdas, ECS Integrate with high scale data solutions such as AWS IoT (internet of things), Kinesis, and Snowflake to create comprehensive and scalable solutions Architect and implement complex, high volume/ high frequency data loading and transformation processes leveraging state of the art ETL methods and tools Provide technical guidance and support to colleagues in the design and implementation of solutions Bachelor's Degree (Or pursuing one) in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent experience. Previous intern/FTE experience, building e2e applications Previous Experience in Python and JavaScript/Typescript Knowledge of AWS services Previous experience with React/Redux Previous experience with writing applications in Java Understanding DevOps fundamentals Understanding of machine learning concepts 
ScrapedJobID426:
Design, build and improve on CI/CD pipelines to make them robust, performant and efficient Automate infrastructure as code using Terraform Build and operate a Kubernetes container platform in AWS Build tools and automation to power developer-friendly deployments Integrate observability, traffic management and service discovery for application containers using Istio service mesh Act as the subject matter expert for infrastructure and platform concerns including monitoring, logging, secrets management, security, configuration management, etc. Partner with developers on ways to minimize build, testing and release friction and optimize engineering efficiency Continually improve reliability and performance of all environments Participate in an on-call rotation to support the platform infrastructure Minimum 3 years of experience as an SRE/DevOps engineer working on AWS platform Working experience implementing, operating and optimizing CI/CD pipelines (Jenkins, CircleCI, Gitlab, CodeDeploy, etc.) Working experience in platform and configuration management frameworks (Ansible, Terraform, Cloud Formation, Chef, etc.) Knowledge of container orchestration frameworks (Kubernetes, ECS/Fargate, Docker Swarm, Mesos, etc.) Knowledge of Cloud Provider management AWS,GCP, Heroku. Working experience building APIs and writing Lambda functions Experience with instrumenting and monitoring production systems (Datadog, NewRelic, Collectd, Grafana, etc.) Strong coding and troubleshooting experience in any of the following languages: Python, Ruby or Go Solid understanding of Git including branching and merging strategies Thorough understanding of Unix/Linux and networking fundamentals Competitive salary Generous stock option plan Medical, dental and vision insurance Unlimited vacation Annual free credits and discounts to stay in Sonders A company with a huge vision, a dynamic work environment, and a team of smart, ambitious and fun to work-with colleagues. Competitive compensation Generous stock option plan Medical, dental and vision insurance Exempt team members have paid time off. Non-exempt team members accrue paid time off. Annual free credits and discounts to stay in Sonders A company with a huge vision, a dynamic work environment, and a team of smart, ambitious and fun to work-with colleagues! 
ScrapedJobID427:
Deliver code that is well-documented, tested, and operable Independently take ownership over the completion and quality of your tasks and project Execute scoped technical tasks end-to-end in collaboration with cross-functional Pinployees to help build the future of Pinterest Effectively and proactively communicate new ideas and opinions with candor as you grow both professionally and personally through learning and development opportunities Completing a degree in Computer Science or related technical field Experience in previous software engineering internships Proficiency in a dynamic programming language such as Python Strong communication skills and product sense Passion for Pinterest and the ability to manage ambiguity and continually learn from your experiences 
ScrapedJobID428:
Your First 30 Days…* Understand the company’s mission, vision, and overarching strategy Learn company-specific tools, processes, and procedures Have frequent 1:1s with the manager to set expectations and goals Map out your development journey with your Manager Meet key internal team members and stakeholders Support, fix and update applications already deployed in production environments Perform code review for other team members who work on the same product Apply principles and methodologies of scrum agile development practices Design and build advanced features from a set of requirements Document and test to ensure the quality of the completed work requirement Maintain regular communication with other team members and stakeholders to ensure the quality and timely product deliveries Collaborate with users and development teams to provide solutions in a timely manner Demonstrate new features and improvements in an engaging fashion University degree or college diploma in computer science, software engineering or related field Keen interest in DevOps/Site Reliability Proficiency in Java and a thorough understanding of unit testing is required Strong understanding of JavaScript, HTML, CSS Knowledge of Relational Database Knowledge of database query performance tuning is beneficial Knowledge of Spring and Hibernate frameworks is beneficial Understanding of Angular 6+ and Ruby is valuable Understanding testing and infrastructure automation would be an asset Great people. We pride ourselves on hiring smart, kind, and supportive teammates Growth and development. We equip our team members with all the tools they need to succeed Be the driver of your career development. At Indellient, you are in control of your career growth. With multiple lines of business, internal and external facing roles, and new opportunities, exploring your career path with us is highly encouraged. Flexibility. We offer flexible start and end times to accommodate our early risers and night owls and work-from-home arrangements Health and Wellness. We offer benefits from day 1, 2% RRSP Matching program, a $500 fitness reimbursement, and competitive PTO policy Monthly Socials. Even though we are currently working fully remotely, we have tons of team bonding opportunities through regular donut dates, social hours, trivia nights, and more fun events because our culture and values still remain at the core of everything we do! Big data and analytics Machine learning Cloud transformation Software and application development DevOps 
ScrapedJobID429:
Design and develop responsive, high performance, reliable React-based web applications targeting both mobile devices and desktop clients. Participate in how our enterprise grade SaaS solutions are built, deployed, and operated in a true Agile setting supported by senior developers, testers, and product managers Create wireframes, storyboards, sitemaps prototype and screen flows Deliver high fidelity UI assets which can be easily translated to UI components Optimize existing user interface designs based on market trends Understand business goals and objectives Prototype new ideas and run experiments to identify features that users love Conduct an ongoing user research Contribute to the design and improvement of web features and projects Minimum 2 years of experience in design/development of web applications. Good knowledge in HTML5, CSS, JavaScript and React. Experience with version control tools, preferably git. Good understanding of WebSockets and HTTPS protocol Deep knowledge of the Adobe Suite and Figma Ability to quickly learn new technologies and tools Fluent in spoken and written English Experience with end-to-end release and deployment of web applications. Eager; curious and passionate to learn about technology and processes. Collaborative; values team success more than individual accomplishments. Passion for knowledge; a desire to learn and share knowledge. Problem-solver; always ready to dive in and tackle problems head on. Strive to create and maintain clean code and engage in peer code reviews Proven ability to translate approved UI / UX design mock-ups to feature-rich, pixel-perfect websites and web applications Ability to write clean, modular, high-performance, reusable code/ UI components/libraries Experience integrating RESTful services and API Exceptional eye for detail and passion for quality Inquisitive; not afraid to ask questions. A compelling portfolio of work that demonstrates high-quality design work that also tells a story that you are a deep design thinker. 
ScrapedJobID430:
Help and support the R&D teams in the development of new products and maintenance of existing ones; Contribute to the integration, testing and commissioning of these new products; Participate in the system acceptance activities; Write test procedures. 
ScrapedJobID431:
6+ years of experience as a developer in a real working environment Expertise with programming languages: Java, C#, ASP, .NET, Web API, HTTP, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Java ASPX. Client/Server (VB, ASP, Visual C++, XML). 5+ years of experience in Core Java, Java Collection, Microsoft .NET Framework (C#, ASP.NET, VB.NET), Microsoft Visual Studio Design, build and maintain RESTful APIs. Strong knowledge of creating webservices using SOAP and REST. Build and maintain front end web applications to interact with our APIs Developing and testing web-based APIs using JSON or XML objects. Analyze, design, implement (Execution of Coding and Form Design), test, communicate and coordinate parallel testing and migration with Client and QA Experience with Warehousing Software, ERP systems is a definite asset Understand functional aspects and technical behavior of the underlying operating system, development environment, and deployment practices. Solid experience in Analysis, Design, Development, Testing and Implementation (all phases of software development life cycle - SDLC) Perform the code deployment to appropriate environment and provide production support. Provides efficient and friendly customer technical support to all level of users. Software support for the employee user base for a range of applications including ERP system and other productivity tools. Participate in design reviews and code walk-thrus, Develop software that is extremely reliable, robust and traceable. Analyzing complex functions, procedures, and problems to deliver creative, logical, and effective solutions that meet the specified requirements. Apply unit tests, automation, and tools to produce the highest quality code long before anyone gets to testing it. Communicate project/work status orally, written, or other as required. Relational Database Management Systems – SQL, Oracle programming Develop tools for automation, monitoring, and system reporting. Increase efficiencies through the use of scripts and third-party tools. Object oriented design and Experience with thin-client and service-oriented architectures. Experience developing Web based applications. Diagnostic and analytical skills for software and general IS application knowledge. Tracking software bug reports, including performing root cause analyses and attempting bug fixes. Generate appropriate documentation for the proper ongoing support and maintenance of software modules. Review, evaluate and update Design documentation. Documenting design process and reporting development progress at regular intervals. Participate in the team’s first and second level of technical support. Other duties as assigned from time to time. College or University graduate with a Computer Information Systems (or similar program). Strong Knowledge and experience with the .NET Framework (C#, ASP.NET), Java, VB.Net, C or C++ , HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AJAX, XML/XSL/XSD, SQL and SQL Reporting Services. SQL 2008/2012, Oracle, ERP System preferably JDE. 5 – 6 years of experience with development in a Microsoft environment, Visual Studio, C#, .NET MVC and WebForms, Java. Some experience with SQL Server development is essential, including stored procedures, custom functions, triggers, cursors and XML data types. Experience writing reports with Business Objects / Crystal Reports. Ensure designs are in compliance with specifications. Prepare and produce releases of software components. The role is 90% programming and 10% support. Ability to work independently and as a team. When working independently, the ability to see a project through to completion while keeping the Manager apprised of the progress. Ability to work with a diverse group of people, and to modify work style accordingly. Ability to prioritize when working under deadlines with multiple projects. Organized, focused and persistent - ability to work to the plan and meet delivery dates. Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Profit sharing Store discount Tuition reimbursement Vision care 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID432:
Attitré·e à l’un ou plusieurs de nos différents projets de R&D, contribuer activement au développement du projet et l’atteinte des objectifs de l’équipe; Développer des logiciels, principalement en C++, en appliquant les principes de programmation orientés objet; Appliquer ses connaissances en techniques et outils de débogage; Analyser les besoins d’amélioration du code existant, puis mettre en place les mesures correctives nécessaires à l’amélioration de celui-ci. Étudiant·e au Baccalauréat ou à la Maîtrise en Sciences Informatiques, Génie Informatique ou Génie Logiciel (concentration Jeux vidéo, un atout); Solides connaissances du langage C++; Connaissances de base du langage C#, un atout; Expériences diverses en Programmation (participation à des Game Jams, développement de projets d’études et/ou personnels), un fort atout; Bilinguisme français-anglais. Curiosité et désir de repousser les barrières du jeu vidéo; Autonomie, débrouillardise; Rigueur; Attitude positive et bonne communication; Collaboration et maturité à recevoir et partager des critiques constructives. De la passion et de l’ambition pour le Jeu vidéo sont essentielles! Assigned to one or more of our various R&D projects, actively contribute to the development of the project and the achievement of the team's objectives; Develop software, mainly in C++, by applying object-oriented programming principles; Apply debugging techniques and tools; Analyze the improvement needs of the existing code and subsequently implement the necessary corrective measures to improve it. Bachelor’s or Master’s degree student in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or Software Engineering (Video game program, an asset); Solid knowledge of C++; Basic knowledge of C#, an asset; Diversified experience in Programming (participation in Game Jams, development of school and/or personal projects) a strong asset; Bilingualism: French-English. Curiosity and desire to push the boundaries of Video games; Self-driven and resourceful; Rigor; Positive attitude and good communication skills; Collaborative and open to receive and share constructive criticism. Passion and ambition for Video game are essential! 
ScrapedJobID433:
Designing high fidelity wireframes and mock-ups based on creative briefs Take already-made designs from Adobe XD and transform them into working websites Revise web designs based on client and/or creative director feedback Implement best practices for web and UX: mobile responsive, images optimized, naming assets for SEO, etc. Maintain organized files and links to allow collaboration with other teammates Trouble-shoot sections of current client websites as requested Provide recommendations based on website best practices Perform website maintenance and assist in providing technical consultation and support to clients Transfer and connection of domains to client websites Participate in internal creative brief meetings Other related tasks as required Familiarity with Adobe XD (though, we could be persuaded to try Figma…) and the ability to create detailed wireframes HTML and CSS skills Familiarity with Squarespace and Shopify is a HUGE bonus Excellent written and verbal communication skills Organized, dependable and detail-oriented Ability to communicate via Slack and Notion Obsessively on-time and organized Collaborative Ability to work independently and complete assigned tasks within identified timeframes Knowledge of web design best practices Strong knowledge of search engine optimization Experience with cross-browser compatibility, mobile optimization, website speed/performance testing, and optimization You aren’t afraid to ask for help when you’re stuck You thrive with hard deadlines and get a thrill out of crossing tasks off your to-do list You have a strong work ethic. You might even call yourself a self-starter or proactive. AKA We can count on you to get sh!t done! Access to reliable Internet (for when you work remotely) Must be eligible to work in BC Have completed training in this field or are you currently a student enrolled in a related program Portfolio with samples of recent work that compliments our style JavaScript, jQuery, or Liquid knowledge You are located within the Comox Valley Adobe XD / Adobe Creative Cloud Google Suite Shopify (can be taught) Squarespace (can be taught) Slack Notion (can be taught) Dropbox You have zero web design experience Are not located within British Columbia Are not comfortable working remotely You’re part of an agency or an agency owner $18-$28 an hour, commensurate with experience A flexible work schedule, including work from home and flex hours Part of a kick-butt team of creatives and strategists Casual dress Flexible schedule Work from home Monday to Friday No weekends Do you have experience with designing and developing websites? English (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID434:
A flexible full-time 40h/week work schedule A remuneration system that rewards your performance A constant flow of challenges that will always keep you on the edge 
ScrapedJobID435:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls 
ScrapedJobID436:
Interpreting, transposing, and reviewing menus for restaurants on Skip's network Maintaining quality standards of content and information Investigating menu submissions and reviewing supporting documentation Working closely with other internal teams to provide a world-class experience to our restaurant partners from start to finish Are detail oriented Have a great attitude and are proven self-starters Are determined to improve every day Have strong written communication skills Are naturally organized and good with time management Have an intermediate or higher understanding of computer programs (such as Google Docs, Sheets) Thrive in a fast-paced environment Have exceptional critical thinking and decision making capabilities Ability to fully commit and perform to a high level The ability to work and think logically Ability to work toward self-development 
ScrapedJobID437:
Creates detailed system specifications from user requirements, ensuring that they are developed according to company standards. Confirms that the users’ requirements can be accomplished within system design limitations. Performs coding, testing and debugging tasks as necessary for major enhancements and projects. Interfaces with Client Services, Product and Project management in order to respond to client inquiries, to clarify user requirements and to produce estimates for proposed or requested system changes. Develops project plans including system and personnel requirements. Assists in the administration of programming staff by functioning as a project leader, offering technical guidance and training associates. Develops test plans and procedures and creates test data to ensure comprehensive positive and negative testing. Provides timely reports to project managers/supervisors. Provides On-Call/Off hour support where necessary. Performs other appropriate duties as assigned. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent in education and experience. 6+ years of experience within an application programming environment. Knowledge and experience with Application Development Process. A proven proficiency in developing detailed program specifications based on user requirements and in developing program, system and user documentation is required. Results oriented and Quality oriented. Nice to have: financial industry experience. For Mainframe Developer:
Strength in DB2, CICS, COBOL, JCL development.
Knowledge and experience in Java, xml will be an asset. Strength in DB2, CICS, COBOL, JCL development. Knowledge and experience in Java, xml will be an asset. Has Good oral and written communication skills required. Excellent problem solving and analytical skills. Must possess the ability to work independently, and under pressure. 
ScrapedJobID438:
Awesome work-from-home policy with quarterly in-person meetings around the world Competitive salaries for quick-learners and fast-paced individuals You will have the ability to gain career experience beyond strict job requirements, with decision-making power to be the master of your own projects Resources for self-improvement, including courses, software, workshops, and conferences We are committed to hiring great people from diverse backgrounds, not just because it’s the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger Design and build performant, maintainable, and scalable backends for data pipelines, monitoring and other tools Design and build performant, maintainable, and scalable APIs for our frontends Collaborate with members of the Data Science team to proactively turn their insights into systems so our clients can benefit from their research. Monitor deployed code and effectively highlight any issues Research new technologies and design choices and influence architecture decisions by making contributions in all stages of development Maintain a high level of communication between managers and the development team Conduct formal presentations to other team members, managers, and in public Contribute to various aspects of a growing company Be an ambassador of technological advancement and revolutionized transportation Grow personal connections to the industry to understand trends and opportunities 1-2 years of relevant work experience Demonstrated proficiency in Python, with familiarity in libraries such as Pandas, NumPy, SciPy Demonstrated proficiency in SQL (MySQL or PostgreSQL) Strong working knowledge of statistical techniques (distributions, regressions, error bounds, etc.) Experience with git version control, agile methodology, MS 365, and other common software tools (Preferred) Experience with cloud database services such as AWS Aurora, InfluxDB etc. (Preferred) Educational background in Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, or Mathematics (Bonus) Experience in the rail industry 1-2 years of relevant work experience Demonstrated proficiency in Python Experience writing unit and integration tests Experience with cloud infrastructures (AWS preferred) (Serverless is a plus) Experience with MS 365, and other common software tools (Preferred) Educational background in Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, or Mathematics (Bonus) Experience in the rail industry Driven, self-motivated, and detail-focused individuals Clear and concise communicators Passion for career growth and continuous learning Organized in work habits, schedules, timelines, documentation and correspondence Remote work with quarterly in-person meetings (location is voted on every quater) Incentives offered such as Employee Stock Options and yearly bonuses 
ScrapedJobID439:
Linux + Bash Jira (Administrator skills) Confluence (Administrator skills) 
ScrapedJobID440:

ScrapedJobID441:
Work with senior level programming team on various tasks. Maintain and update existing websites in a timely manner. Take existing sites and populate content and photographs. Build small scale WordPress or HTML sites. Basic understanding of Web development stacks: HTML, CSS, JS, React (or React Native), flux / redux, REST API, Heroku, Git, OAuth. Basic knowledge of Android Natives: Java, Kotlin. Good to have: Google Cloud Platform. Post-Secondary Degree or Diploma in Computer Science, Software Engineering. Excellent written and oral communications skills is required. Ability to work effectively with customers and co-workers. 
ScrapedJobID442:
Create complete end-to-end applications using NodeJS, TypeScript, MongoDB and React Build large scale REST API’s serving over 1 million requests a month Help bridge the gap between the sales and engineering teams Engage with other engineers to identify root problems and create fixes Build internal administration tooling to streamline user management, onboarding, reviews and other internal operations Provide input to product design and help optimize UX flows for our customers Work closely with customers and identity, debug and help fix their issues Participate in agile project planning Work with product management to plan features and estimate their complexity Manage a portfolio of key clients Identify attrition risks and develop custom retention plans Be a voice for accounts internally and other team members to understand product concerns, shortcomings, and missing features that are retention risks. Have a minimum of 2+ years experience in a full stack engineering or developer position, preferably in the tech / startup universe. Have experience with JavaScript/TypeScript - we’re a Node.js, TypeScript, React platform Have strong knowledge of REST API services and how they are designed Have experience working with and creating REST API documentation Have strong written and communication skills, with the ability to explain complicated technical systems in a way that non-technical people can understand Are perpetually curious and always learning - whether about the latest languages, frameworks, best practices or the tech industry in general Rise to a challenge and can handle change and uncertainty, at times Are a team-player - our team is small and mighty, and we collaborate constantly - we want someone who is always willing to pitch in and isn’t afraid to ask for help Are a self-starter, a problem-solver, and a creative thinker The opportunity to help shape our client and its engineering practices as it scales A huge impact building automated solutions with the potential to go international Personal and professional growth. We care about getting better everyday and leveling up. Our goal is to make Our client a step-change career opportunity. A competitive salary + equity for the right candidate (in the future) Bonus pay Dental care Extended health care On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday "Are you comfortable communicating with clients/prospects?" REST API: 1 year (preferred) MongoDB: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID443:
Be a part of a team of developers to design and program high-performance, scalable multi-tiered applications and database solutions Recommend and implement system designs based on long-term IT organization strategy Work closely with business and systems analysts, and QA to develop alternative solutions to meet business needs Analyze production system problems and recommend solutions Investigate and solve production problems with minimal guidance Research and recommend technologies to the team and management to help keep our tech stack up to date Mentor junior team members in good coding practices and new technologies At least 3 years of experience with Microsoft .NET Framework / .NET CORE At least 3 years of experience with Microsoft SQL Server and Transact SQL Experience creating backend .Net web services (RESTful APIs) development using C# Understanding of functional and object-oriented programming concepts A mentality of striving to achieve releases early and adding additional functionality to the releases or pushing code early. Highly motivated team player as well as a strong individual contributor Effective verbal and written communications, with an ability to effectively convey information, concepts, and ideas to others Degree or diploma in Computer Science or a related field Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID444:
Strong SQL Development background - 7 to 10 years experience Current version is 2016 and you will be moving to 2019 Strong SSIS understanding and experience SSRS exposure would be a good to have Good communication skills and should be a team player Banking/Capital Markets experience is preferable and ideal to have for senior role Day shift 
ScrapedJobID445:

ScrapedJobID446:
Functional Requirement to Technical Specifications: Examines the client requirements in detail. Directly works with the functional analyst to ensure information is complete and determine if alternatives are available. Defines objective and scope of the project. Builds detailed technical specifications that match the requirements, that are to be used by the development team and that can be traced back to the original business requirements. Analysis using advanced knowledge of ERP eco system, guides the development team to come up with technical solutions, database structures and workflows. Based on the available input and output, the analyst must establish the effort that is required to complete the defined solution. The activity requires adopting known analytical techniques and possibly developing new methods to address the various situations and issues associated with the root business problem. Designs the logic for a new program and/or designs changes to existing programs. The Senior Programmer Analyst may establish work efforts for small scale projects of which will include assigning work to intermediate level programmer analysts and support staff. Completed work is reviewed by the Senior PA and is responsible for the delivery of the project. Using advanced knowledge of ERP eco system, perform program design, develops, codes, and tests programs to satisfy the specified requirements and effected changes, as defined. This activity requires the incumbent to apply and adapt a high degree of knowledge of programming techniques and language(s) in order to write and/or modify the programming language instructions. Work efforts include the scope of the software application and the related database requirements such as, but not limited to, stored procedures, triggers, DB designs, tables Testing requires designing test procedures and running the developed program(s) against test data. The Programmer Analyst prepares test cases. All test content, including results are stored within a shared repository to record purposes and to be re-used by the incumbent or other team members. If additional resources are assigned to the Senior PA, the incumbent is responsible for test results. The resulting output is validated with the expected results. Errors are identified and the defect program source code is corrected. Code reviews are required and scheduled for all work. The Programmer Analyst interacts with clients in a support role after system installation as directed by the Systems Analyst or Project Management Specialist responsible for the system in which the installation occurred. Activities may include discussions with the client, and taking corrective action to resolve found defects or issues. Supports Intermediate Programmer Analyst concerning assignments, technical issues, and training. Assists the Business Analyst, DBA, Project Management Specialist and/or clients to implement the solutions that are developed. Follow application change management process for incidents and Change Request. This activity may include assisting in training and client acceptance testing. The Programmer Analyst, prior to deployment, completes the Request for Change (RFC) according to procedures. The incumbent writes and maintains technical documentation for programs that have been modified, deleted or created. Confirm that all documentation is completed prior to implementation. This documentation may include client and/or operational instructions. Performs other related duties as assigned. Minimum three (3) year diploma/degree in Computer Science, Computer Programming Analysis or a related discipline. If in a related discipline, please state how its related. Minimum of five (5) years’ working within an IT client services role analyzing and programming within several programming languages in multiple operating system environments. Experience with hardware and administrative software installation, troubleshooting and deployment is required. Experience with Peoplesoft Finance Contracts module is desired. Must possess a high degree of organizational and people management skills. Ability to communicate with College staff and students at their level of computer literacy, both orally and written. Ability to understand and investigate problems, applying simple or complex principles where needed. Working knowledge of desktop operating systems, network topologies and current standardized application software. Ability to independently analyze complex software and hardware problems and search for or identify solutions. Ability to work independently, establishing priorities and goals. 
ScrapedJobID447:
Design, development and deployment of software on computational clusters. Development and evaluation of techniques and technology for CORESPEQ’s cluster- and cloud- based solutions Implement, operate, optimize and administer cluster- and cloud-computing solutions Design, development and deployment of technologies for data management and analysis Manual as well as framework-based testing of software and computing systems Evaluation of the performance and reliability of software and computing systems Documentation of requirements, specifications, software and computing systems Bonus pay Casual dress Flexible schedule Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID448:
Collaborate directly with all disciplines, and play and evaluate the game daily. Display a high degree of discipline in following the programming processes. Create high quality software within industry standard timelines. Complete audio features to the quality set by the code leadership in a dependable fashion. Collaborate tightly with audio designers to gather requirements, architect, and deliver high-quality features and tools. Skilled in one or more common programming languages, C, C++, C#. Experience with common game engines like Unreal Engine 4, CryEngine, or Frostbite (preferable). Experience working with industry standard game development audio software packages, e.g.: Wwise, Nuendo, Cubase, Ableton, etc... 
ScrapedJobID449:
Work in C++ and Python to design, implement, and release state-of-the-art components and applications for mission-critical, high performance, globally distributed systems related to automated trading Produce exemplary code and deliver completed projects on time Connect code to solve business problems Collaborate with client-facing technical consultants to ensure that development efforts truly meet customer needs Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, mathematics or related degree Applicable internship or work experience Exceptional problem solving Strong attention to detail, self-management, initiative, discipline, and follow-through Drive your career – we are a culture of self-starters and problem solvers who work independently in a collaborative, project-driven work environment Contribute today! You’ll be making an immediate impact and you will see your work being used by some of the worlds’ largest financial institutions Be mentored by top industry technical leaders to ensure effective coordination and integration between interrelated projects Collaboration in a high-performing team environment – you’ll get visibility into all areas of Broadway’s business and won’t be siloed Not a stuffy corporate culture! We are deeply committed to building a company that empowers people to think outside the box and make an impact 
ScrapedJobID450:

ScrapedJobID451:
Power BI Report development Building Analysis Services reporting models Developing visual reports, KPI scorecards, and dashboards using Power BI desktop Connecting data sources, importing data, and transforming data for Business intelligence Analytical thinking for translating data into informative reports and visuals Capable of implementing row-level security on data along with an understanding of application security layer models in Power BI Should have an edge over making DAX queries in Power BI desktop Expert in using advanced-level calculations on the data set Responsible for design methodology and project documentaries Should be able to develop tabular and multidimensional models that are compatible with data warehouse standards Very good communication skills must be able to discuss the requirements effectively with the client teams, and with internal teams 4-5 years of overall experience required Experience with PowerBI, SQL, Cognos Must have strong Cognos experience Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, Computer Applications, or related field Monday to Friday Power BI: 4 years (required) Cognos: 4 years (required) SQL: 4 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID452:
A die-hard data enthusiast who loves storytelling and has a clear passion for supporting the AI movement. Someone who lives and breathes data. Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID453:
Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID454:
Analyze 3rd party API documentation and endpoints Write code for app schedule and attendee data Use Git / Bitbucket for version control of our apps Implement client change requests Collect statistics and data for clients Support Producers on technical calls with clients Provide client support in the form of onsite or on call support Attend cross-functional meetings, scrum and standups Set up 3rd party applications to integrate with our projects Opportunity to grow as a backend developer and work on our API Opportunity to learn new languages such as Python and contribute to our growing microservices architecture Take part in weekly architectural meetings, learn from our EB technical experts and contribute your ideas to the future of our platform 1-3 years in Backend Web Development. Exceptional recent grads are highly encouraged to apply. Bsc. in Comp. Sci or equivalent degree or experience Possess technical skills in SQL, databases and data manipulation or the aptitude to learn these tools Knowledge of programming in PHP is a plus A real interest in mobile app technology and/or project management Proven ability to multitask, prioritize and meet deadlines Ability to thrive in an exciting environment where change is the only constant Superb attention to detail Self-motivated Teammate with a “can-do” attitude A dream to work on the edge of creativity and learn new technologies Any experience with Python is a plus 
ScrapedJobID455:

ScrapedJobID456:
Use Python to develop software that addresses some of the world’s most challenging problems. Work with our top-notch technical team, here in Saskatoon and around the world, to ensure our leading electronic design automation products evolve to meet the changing expectations of our customers. Collaborate directly with technology experts at major semiconductor companies to define, develop, and deliver new products and product features. Demonstrated ability to effectively develop high-quality software in a collaborative environment. Demonstrated expertise in some or all of the following: Python, Linux, testing, source control (Git), algorithms, debugging, profiling, GUI design (Qt) Excellent communication skills (both written and verbal) demonstrated through software documentation (commit messages, docstrings, etc), collecting customer requirements, and communicating with team members. A team player; an ability to provide and be receptive of constructive feedback (through code reviews, design iteration, verification process) and to provide mentorship to junior developers. Customer-focused; ability to prioritize tasks based on customer experience and ROI. • Willingness to learn and interested in new challenges. Nice-to-have expertise: C++, statistics (Monte Carlo analysis), test automation, transistor-level circuit design, EDA CAD tools, SQL, and release management. Available to work from our Saskatoon facility. 
ScrapedJobID457:
Analyze and resolve problems or known errors related to failures in application and supporting software components Actively involved in all aspects of the application/system support and application issue resolution: identify, assess, recommend, escalate, resolve, report, document and communicate Create and maintain documentation relative to the support of application and supporting software components Follow escalation procedures to resolve incidents, problems or known errors in a timely manner Work closely with subject matter experts where applicable to resolve technical problems and incidents Appropriately escalate to other teams according to predefined procedures on incident recovery (without handing over the responsibility on incident management) Manage and coordinate all incidents that have been escalated to other teams with authority to ensure Service Level Agreements and procedures are adhered to Identify and address application/data issues, cross-capability and cross-release issues that affect application integrity Provide expertise to other functional areas (technology, trends and processes) Develop and/or contribute to best practices Mentor, coach and provide guidance to peers or junior staff Monitor the health of the production environment using both manual and automated methods Perform on-call duties as required Post-secondary relevant degree/diploma (Computer Science, Business Information Technology, etc.) or equivalent combination of education and experience 5 -7 years of experience in a support/help desk environment Excellent analytical and troubleshooting skills, with an emphasis on root cause analysis Self-directed, proven ability to work efficiently and effectively with minimal supervision in a fast-paced environment Ability to adapt to a dynamic environment and handle multiple priorities Exceptional written and verbal communication skills; including the ability to present technical issues to a non-technical audience Excellent organizational and interpersonal skills Dedicated team player who demonstrates initiative and independence Demonstrated desire to improve personal skills and continued learning Bilingual (English/ French) an asset Knowledge of business process analysis and redesign as it relates to technology infrastructure and applications Experience with SQL, PL/SQL, Java, Python, C#, C, VB6, UNIX and SalesForce an asset 
ScrapedJobID458:
Baccalauréat en informatique ou génie logiciel AGILE/ Scrum Maîtrise de: Typescript, Javascript, CSS (Sass,LESS) Connaissances de frameworks tels que: Angular, React, Vue, etc. Connaissance d'outils de test tels que: Jest, Karma, Jasmine, Protractor, Puppeteer, etc. Expérience avec: Node.js, NPM, Git (BitBucket), Jira State management: Redux, flux pattern, etc. Expérience avec les concepts de programmation réactive: Rxjs Avoir des connaissances avec Docker Build tools comme: Rollup, Webpack, etc. Progressive web applications Web components Web accessibility Software engineering experience Bachelor's degree in software engineering or related fields AGILE/ Scrum Expert with: Typescript, Javascript, HTML, CSS (Sass,LESS) Knowledge of frameworks such as: Angular, React, Vue, etc. Knowledge of testing tools such as: Jest, Karma, Jasmine, Protractor, Puppeteer, etc. Experience with: Node.js, NPM, Git (BitBucket), Jira State management: Redux, NgRx, flux pattern, etc. Experience with Docker Build tools such as: Rollup, Webpack, etc. Progressive web applications Web components Web accessibility We are looking for a curious leader who will inspire our development team. Someone able to take a step back and have a global vision of the projects. A person who is not afraid to give his opinion, while respecting that of others. A passionate developer, who likes to grow with the other members of the team. 
ScrapedJobID459:
Work with team leads to create software solutions Participate in software development process from conception to deployment Participate in analysis, writing, building, and deployment of software Participate in automated testing and provide feedback to management during the development process Troubleshoot and triage post production issues found in code. Modify and test changes to previously developed programs Develop visually appealing solutions including architecture, designer mock-ups and wireframes into front-end code Develop functional databases, applications, and servers to support solutions on the back end Develop and design RESTful services and APIs Stay abreast of developments in web applications, 4GL BPME, rule engines and programming languages Stay current and provide insight on cutting edge software approaches, architectures, and vendors Assist in the writing of technical documentation Ensure that non-functional requirements such as security, performance, maintainability, scalability, usability, and reliability are being considered when developing solutions. Keep job knowledge up-to-date by studying new development tools, programming techniques, and computing equipment; participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal and professional networks; participating in professional organizations. Designs, develops and programs custom software, defines detailed application specifications, standards, and diagrams and develops coding logic flowcharts. Develops overall systems design, researches and evaluates vendor supplied applications, provides customize or develop recommendations, and implements accordingly. Analyzes and reviews existing or proposed system features and integration, security, scalability and performance requirements with clients, business analysts, and team members. Manages small to medium sized projects and related budgets. Packages in house developed applications for production or integrates vendor supplied applications. Provides technical expertise, training, and consultation to other staff. Develops or modifies software application design and specific modules. Conducts testing of new or customized application modules to ensure application meets specifications. Documents functions and changes to new or modified modules, tests activities/results, error handling and backup/recovery procedures. Provides ongoing maintenance and operational support for applications. Supports software development lifecycle and applies and follows appropriate programming/development methodologies and best practices. Maintains appropriate professional designations and up-to-date knowledge of current information technology techniques and tools. Performs other related duties as required. 
ScrapedJobID460:
provide technical advice and support for artists monitor render farm, disk usage and file transfers between sites contribute to testing and feedback for software releases from the R&D team design and write small-scale Python tools and scripts for shows to use Experience with Linux Good knowledge of Maya Good Python scripting skills Previous work experience in Visual Effects, Games or another related industry Experience with a variety of DCC packages such as Houdini, Katana, Nuke or Clarisse A degree in Computer Science, Computer Graphics or related field 
ScrapedJobID461:
Develop high quality software in an enterprise environment Work in an agile team environment Develop a custom highly interactive Web Application Develop custom restful APIs and services Utilize SQL Server to develop a custom database Write and review documentation (technical, process, project requirements, etc.) Execute unit tests for all code developed and deployed Provide support for custom applications currently in production Excellent analytical and troubleshooting skills Knowledge of Language: JavaScript, C#, Python Front End Framework: Angular, React or View Database: SQL, MySQL, Mongo DB Process: Agile, Scrum, SDLC (Software Development Lifecycle) Demonstrated outstanding written & verbal communication skills, time management and documentation skills Detail oriented work efforts Experience Developing websites / applications Performing testing, maintenance, and enhancements on web applications Learning and applying new technical skills Attitude Desire to learn Take ownership of work Welcome feedback 
ScrapedJobID462:
Recueillir les besoins des utilisateurs finaux et des Product Owners et spécifier les fonctionnalités à implémenter. Développer les différentes parties de l'application depuis l'interface utilisateur jusqu'à la gestion des données. Implémenter, tester et fournir des fonctionnalités conformément à nos normes et en suivant le processus d'intégration continue. Fournir un soutien dans les opérations quotidiennes prenant en charge les processus de défauts, problèmes et crises. Être un membre actif de l'équipe en termes de prise de décision et d'amélioration des processus Contribuer à l'amélioration continue de l'équipe par la communication, la documentation et l'automatisation Développement Java et/ou Python Développement web (HTML/CSS, Angular, Bootstrap) Connaissance du langage SQL Connaissance de développement des cycles : SDLC, Agile, Continuous delivery Connaissance des outils de CI/CD (Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes) Connaissance de Spring Boot, Django ou Flask Société Générale est l’un des tout premiers groupes européens de services financiers. Acteur important de l’économie depuis plus de 150 ans, Société Générale emploie plus de 138 000 collaborateurs dans 62 pays et accompagne au quotidien 29 millions de clients à travers le monde. La Société Générale a ouvert son premier bureau aux États-Unis en 1938 et au Canada en 1974 et compte désormais environ 2 500 professionnels travaillant dans 8 villes américaines, 3 villes au Canada et ainsi qu’en Amérique latine. Société Générale n’est pas qu’une institution financière, c’est un groupe qui place l’innovation et un impact financier positif et durable au cœur de sa culture. Le groupe Société Générale a fait du numérique un levier clé pour transformer la relation bancaire. L’édition 2019 des Trophées du eCAC40 classe Société Générale à la première place des banques ayant le mieux négocié le virage du numérique ! Nos groupes ressources employés tels que Fierté et Alliés, American Women Network, Black Leadership Network, One planet témoignent de l’implication de nos employés pour leur communauté. 
ScrapedJobID463:

ScrapedJobID464:

ScrapedJobID465:
Design and Development - Perform and coordinate complex application programming activities. Design the application's technical infrastructure using specific databases, programming languages, utilities, and testing approaches. Participate in the design and development of cost-effective and innovative solutions. Strategic Planning - Develop multi-year technology roadmaps that align with the bank’s vision, strategy, and business objectives. Participate in multiple complex projects involving backend systems, new technology, and the enhancement of existing applications. Leadership Skills – Provide guidance to help the development team comply to industry’s standards and best practices. Support teammates by sharing knowledge, collaborating and problem solving. You can demonstrate experience in: .NET, C#, SQL Server, PowerShell, ASP.NET, RESTful API and Unit Testing. It’s an asset if: You have knowledge of Agile, Azure development, and Test Automation. You have a degree/diploma in Computer Science, SW Engineering or related programming degree/diploma You embrace and champion change. You'll continuously evolve your thinking and the way you work in order to deliver your best. You’re digitally savvy. You seek out innovative solutions and embrace evolving technologies. You can easily adapt to new tools and trends. You're driven by collective success. You know that collaboration can transform a good idea into a great one. You understand the power of an inclusive team that enjoys working together to create a shared vision. Values matter to you. You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. We work to recognize you in meaningful, personalized ways including a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, a health benefits program, defined benefit pension plan, an employee share purchase plan and MomentMakers, our social, points-based recognition program. Our spaces and technological toolkit will make it simple to bring together great minds to create innovative solutions that make a difference for our clients. We cultivate a culture where you can express your ambition through initiatives like Purpose Day; a paid day off dedicated for you to use to invest in your growth and development. CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID466:
10 hour shift 12 hour shift 8 hour shift Day shift Night shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID467:
Willing to learn new technologies, soft skills, and hard skills. .NET, C#, MVC, Sitecore, Sitecore Commerce, uCommerce, Coveo, and any other platform and technology that the Company work with. Web Development Learn Sitecore as a platform and understand how it works as a system Handle Level 1 and 2 support and be on call for support customers Study science graduate Be curious and love learning new things Be passionate about building things and finding solutions basic knowledge of C#, ASP.NET Knowledge of HTML, Javascript, CSS 
ScrapedJobID468:
or equivalent experience Adobe Photoshop Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code HTML CSS Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail MS Windows Internet Image editing software HTML editing software MS Office Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID469:
Develop/modify new/existing features for the Cerence Cloud Service AppServers Play an active role in daily scrums, grooming sessions and sprint planning sessions Curious and not afraid of asking questions Willing to introduce new ideas Aiming at high software development standards Passionate about technology Core Java programming skills Core object-oriented development skills Experience with Git Experience with the Spring Framework Following workplace security protocols and training programs to familiarize with the ways to maintain a safe workplace. Following security procedures to report any suspicious activity. Having respect for corporate security procedures to allow those procedures to be effective. Adhering to company's compliance and regulations. Encouraging to follow a zero tolerance for workplace violence. 
ScrapedJobID470:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Program special effects software for film and video applications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Initiative Accurate Team player Organized 
ScrapedJobID471:
Loves building SaaS products and platforms, and has the stripes to show they've done it before successfully. Has a passion for solving problems and is eager to grow, learn, and tackle daily and long-term challenges and goals. Will dig in and ask questions from users to understand requirements; make a plan; dive into an existing codebase and learn where to make changes, or where to start new code. Is a good communicator who enjoys collaboration and thrives in a development culture that values clean code, automation and testability. Maintains excellent knowledge of how modern web applications work, including REST API usage, application security, cloud deployment and development best practices. Is comfortable self-directing their own work. No micro-management here! 5+ years of Full-Stack Development experience. Has been responsible for the entire lifecycle of code in at least one project, from scratch to QA to deployment to maintenance. Has experience implementing a RESTful API and an application which consumes it. Is familiar with the philosophy and implementation of development automation: tests, continuous integration, cloud deployment, and frequent production releases using an Agile/SCRUM process. Some DevOps experience is a plus. Experienced in JavaScript including ES6, await/async, linting and front-end frameworks. We use libraries and frameworks as needed, but you need to be able to write and understand plain JS. Experience with Node and Browser based environments is required. Understand REST APIs and their role in application architectures. Experience with front end development: HTML, CSS, and familiarity with the ecosystem of related technologies (SASS, DOM). In addition, Vue (or similar framework) experience and knowledge of static site generators such as Jekyll/Hugo are helpful. Understand how to use Git(+Hub) and GitHub Flow. Some relational database experience is preferred. Pluses include: Experiences in relational and in-memory databases (MySQL, Postgres, Redis) as well as knowledge in generic SQL. Some experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS), Heroku, or similar services. Casual dress Company events Dental care Discounted or free food Employee stock purchase plan Flexible schedule On-site parking Paid time off Stock options Tuition reimbursement Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Node.js: 5 years (required) Express.js: 3 years (required) JavaScript: 7 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID472:
Have passion and experience for building responsive, elegant and engaging experiences with future friendly web technologies. Work closely with designers to take wireframes from conception to implementation and design and improve user interfaces Work with the IBM Design System to implement UIs Work in JavaScript, Node.js or frameworks such as React, Vue or Angular Are skilled in UI Development technologies such as HTML, CSS, JSON and API usage Have an interest in, understanding of, or experience with Design Thinking Methodology Have an interest in, understanding of, or experience with Agile development methodology You’ll work in an Agile, collaborative environment to understand requirements, design, code and test innovative applications, and support those applications for our highly valued customers. You’ll employ IBM’s Design Thinking to create products that provide a great user experience along with high performance, security, quality, and stability. At the nexus of engineering and design, you will be instrumental in bringing industry-defining software products, cloud services and web applications to users around the world. You are highly motivated and have a passion for creating and supporting great products. You thrive on collaboration, working side by side with people of all backgrounds and disciplines, and you have very strong verbal and written communication skills. You are great at solving problems, debugging, troubleshooting, designing and implementing solutions to complex technical issues. You have a basic understanding of software development and programming languages. Must have basic knowledge in one or more of the following technology areas: HTML, CSS, UI Development, JavaScript, Node.js React, Vue, Angular Familiarity with one or more automation testing framework Must be eligible to work 16 months starting in May Knowledge of Backbone.js, Angular.js, React, Ember.js, Bootstrap, Node.js, and JQuery Registered in a formal co-op/internship program 
ScrapedJobID473:
Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) Wire Payments Bulk Interac Transfer Business Taxes Assess and document existing business procedures. Recommend and develop new methods / procedures, implementation plans, schedules and reports for management Maintain and enhance existing MS Access recordkeeping databases in order to ensure a high standard of integrity in the suite of reports being produced. Creating net new and maintaining of MS Access, Excel and Crystal reports and tools in order to provide analysis, recommendations, identify trends and commentary for Senior Management Interfacing with Operational partners and other cross functional groups to identify and understand any potential and or existing procedural and operational opportunities. Proactively working to streamline processes and systems to ensure world class customer service. Identify areas for potential improvements via automation of manual and repetitive tasks Review and monitor the ongoing operational tasks for accuracy and completeness University degree in Computer Science or a related discipline. Excellent communication skills. Strong working knowledge of software development life cycle. Proficient with Microsoft .NET development using C# Solid understanding of relational database and SQL. Knowledge of data security, data transmission protocols, and data representation. Ability to work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environment. High degree of organizational and prioritization skills based on business and client impact. Experience with website design and development is an asset. Experience with data analytics and visualization (PowerBI, Crystal Reports, Tableau, R) is an asset 
ScrapedJobID474:
Development of database driven web sites, medium sized content management systems and corporate communication portals Using WordPress for developing web content Planning and gathering user requirements Designing web site mock-ups to review with the client Coding web sites adhering to W3C web standards Experience with third-party libraries and APIs Evaluating WordPress plug-ins for compatibility and use Testing web sites Develop supporting documentation for existing client WordPress sites Completed post-secondary education with a majority of course work focused on computer sciences Minimum of two (2) years of experience using maintaining and creating web sites and data applications Experience creating web pages including graphic and multi-media design Experience with the following tools/technologies: HTML, CSS, Visual Studio, and Expression Web Experience with ASP, JavaScript and PHP Experience with .NET, SQL, and Microsoft SharePoint Experience developing and implementing usability tests, analyzing results and modifying designs accordingly Experience developing interactive prototypes showing basic form and functionality used for both usability testing and presentations Excellent communications skills (written and oral) Team experience in the following areas:
Business performance improvement
Digital transformation
ERP, CRM or other enterprise system implementations
Security and/or Managed Service engagements
Data Analytics
Cloud strategy and migration Business performance improvement Digital transformation ERP, CRM or other enterprise system implementations Security and/or Managed Service engagements Data Analytics Cloud strategy and migration Competitive salary Performance incentives Health and dental plan RRSP benefit plan Flexible working environment 
ScrapedJobID475:
HTML5 HTML CSS Bootstrap 3+ Framework PHP MySQL JavaScript FTP Secure Shell Photoshop Illustrator Corel Familiar with SEO best practices 
ScrapedJobID476:
Computer science, electrical engineering or related background Previous experience in at least 1 firmware development role in industry Programming, integration and debugging experience in C/C++ Experience in testing and validating firmware functionality directly on embedded platforms Understanding of communication protocols: I2C, UART, SPI, TCP/IP, USB Hands-on experience with test equipment, including in-circuit debuggers, signal generators and oscilloscopes Programming, integration and debugging experience in Assembler Hands-on experience with low-level/embedded TCP/IP stacks Hands-on firmware experience with TI’s C2000 family of microcontrollers Hands-on with scripting using languages such as Python Hands-on soldering skills Experience in implementing firmware/software elements on microcontrollers and SoCs, in both bare-metal and RTOS-based environments Become familiar with the firmware architecture used in our in-house research systems. Start working on a primary design project that will evolve over the course of the internship. Assist the embedded team with developing firmware elements and testing new features on the systems. Start to better understand the role of the firmware features within the R&D environment at GBatteries. Make significant progress on your primary design project for the term. Wrap up your primary design project. Become a reference for the inner workings of certain aspects of the firmware. Educate the rest of the team with the findings and improvements you made over the course of your internship. 
ScrapedJobID477:
With the support of existing programmers, understand given requirements, write code, pass code reviews, build a test and deployment plan and get your features live! Act upon feedback from stakeholders to refine and hone features Working closely with producers, designers and other programmers in a highly collaborative and agile environment Other ad-hoc projects and/or requirements that may arise Are in 3rd or 4th year in a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, or equivalent. Are highly motivated with the drive to take on new challenges and problem-solving. Have excellent communication skills, both verbally and written. Up-to-date understanding of the latest mobile gaming trends Passion for mobile free-to-play games Knowledge of object oriented languages (Either C#, and/or JavaScript are a BIG plus) Knowledge of relevant environments (Unity, NodeJS, Google Cloud are a plus) Strong understanding of both relational and non-relational databases is an asset Experience working on game related projects is an asset 
ScrapedJobID478:
Writes clear, maintainable, highly functional code and portable C#/C++ code; Understands mobile graphics APIs e.g. Metal, Vulkan; Understands profiling and optimization on mobile devices; Understands rendering pipeline in common game engines such as Unity and Unreal Writes and maintains custom shaders across a range of hardware; Test and document code you write; Support and maintains existing systems; Provide technical expertise to develop cutting-edge technologies to include: architecture, design, prototype, implement, test, debug, document, profile, maintain, and support; Review code from other team members. 5+ years C# development and graphics programming experience; Unity Engine experience; Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent experience; Experience in design and implementation of cutting-edge graphics techniques and detailed knowledge of mobile devices; Experience writing systems balancing performance and maintainability; Experience profiling and optimizing both CPU and GPU utilization; Experience with game editor plugins/modification; Ability to contribute innovative and original ideas towards all aspects of game production and development; Passion for making GREAT games; Experience playing previous Bethesda games. 
ScrapedJobID479:
Partner with your team lead to discuss project needs and ideas + assess technical feasibility. Work closely with AI, gameplay, and engine teams to transform a vision into accurate and authentic simulation experiences. Explore opportunities to push the capabilities of our physics engine to its fullest potential. Develop new and maintain existing physics features; writing, reviewing, and rewriting high-performance code. Collaborate with technical directors to discuss memory budgets and system limitations. Support artists and programmers in resolving complex problems, debugging, optimizing CPU and memory usage, etc. Be the owner of the physics library, keeping it up to date and organized. Document and share your physics programming knowledge + recommend our best practices. An undergraduate degree in Physics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent At least 1-3 years of programming experience (physics, gameplay, AI, or engine an asset) or related experience * Proficiency in C/C++ & advanced mathematical and analytical capabilities Resourcefulness (you may not always have the answers, but you know where to find them) A collaborative and innovative spirit Experience with physics middleware (Havok and PhysX an asset) Solid communication and interpersonal skills (you’re comfortable talking to content creators and code-owners alike) An investigative approach to problem solving – you’re not one to just scratch the surface; you care to get to the root cause of issues and come up with long-term solutions to resolve them Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID480:
This job posting is for Spring 2022 (May-August) Software Developer Co-Ops ONLY, for all other campus inquiries please send your information to campusrecruitment@vidyard.com. This role will be remote. Co-Ops/Interns must reside and work from Canada for the duration of their term. Ruby on Rails, Node.js or other MVC web frameworks JavaScript, Vue.js, React, jQuery HTML, CSS MySQL or other relational databases Git & Github Redis or other NoSQL databases Automated testing with RSpec or similar Interacting with and building web APIs/services Amazon EC2 and Heroku PHP, Python or other scripting languages would be an asset 
ScrapedJobID481:
Prepare for classes (Course outline/curriculum will be provided) Deliver classes Follow up with parents and students Homework preparation, assign and follow up Previous tutoring experiences with kids/teenagers Be familiar with Python, Java or Scratch Experience in Minecraft or Roblox is a plus Be patient with kids and teenagers Be organized and extremely careful Able to work after 3pm or on weekends. Yes 
ScrapedJobID482:
Meeting with clients to discuss website design and function. Designing and building the website front-end. Creating responsive website architecture. Developing and managing the website back-end including database and server integration. Generating WordPress themes and plugins. Ability to write custom WordPress plugins. Manage web hosting cPanels. Adding SEO content to websites. Editing/Creating zone files in DNS records. Adding code snippets to websites for tracking purposes such as Google Analytics. Migrating websites to hosting environments. Managing products on eCommerce platforms (WooCommerce/Shopify/Magento). Implement website security plugins. Creating & maintaining Shopify themes. Generating dynamic XML sitemaps. Conducting website performance tests. Troubleshooting content issues. Conducting WordPress training with the client. Monitoring the performance of the live website. Bachelor’s degree in computer science or a similar field. Proven work experience as a Web developer. Knowledge of front-end technologies including CSS3, JavaScript, HTML5, and jQuery. Knowledge of code versioning tools including Git, Mercurial, and SVN. Experience working with debugging tools such as Chrome Inspector and Firebug. Good understanding of website architecture and aesthetics. Ability to manage projects. Good communication skills. Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID483:

ScrapedJobID484:
Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID485:
Perform quality take-off from construction drawings (where applicable) Interpret and apply Manitoba Building Code standards Create shop drawings for products and interpret field dimensions Review project site prior to price preparation (as required) Ensure accuracy and completeness of tender submissions Maintain and update estimating data systems Proactively anticipate, troubleshoot and mitigate bottlenecks and issues Maintain and operate CNC equipment, including set up to perform repetitive operations Identify opportunities to increase time/cut time usage for programming and nesting jobs Minimum one year of experience as a CNC Programmer/Drafter Experience in steel and fabrication estimating, installation requirements, steel grades and coating types; preference for large general contractors/ developers Well versed in blue print interpretations and details Strong knowledge of welding and fabrication materials Proficient in programming and nesting all CNC equipment; Solid Works and other CAD programming Strong computer literacy, including MS Office 
ScrapedJobID486:
Knowledge of scalable cloud-based architectures Knowledge of game platform compliance Excellent communication and team skills Ability to communicate with both technical and non-technical stakeholders (e.g. producers, artists, designers) Ability to establish technical requirements from creative or design-led pitches Ability to define and understand elements of game design documents and technical design documents Experience breaking down the development of a system into a number of manageable tasks Experience with implementing features for multiplayer games or online services Experience developing and working with databases Ability to leverage automation frameworks Experience with: Golang, Google Cloud, C#, Git, Terraform, & Kubernetes Experience integrating features with Unreal Engine Proficiency programming in Go, C#, Python, and C++ Experience working with cloud based infrastructure and tools such as Kubernetes Previous experience developing games for desktop or console A portfolio of projects/side projects 
ScrapedJobID487:
10 hour shift 12 hour shift 8 hour shift Day shift Night shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID488:
Recent experience programming with Omnis Studio a major asset Must be able to demonstrate experience within the past 3 years programming with JavaScript and HTML5 on web portal solutions Must be able to demonstrate experience and ability to provide and implement Website design, style sheet guidelines and class code objects Experience working within WCAG Standards an asset Experience working with relational databases, such as Oracle, using PL/SQL a major asset Experience using XML and/or JSON and or CSV for data interfaces and API development an asset Ability to work remotely, occasionally in person, and possibly full-time in person in the future Ability to provide technical documentation and communicate effectively in English essential Ability to speak French would be an asset Valid Government of Canada security clearance a major asset Computer Science degree or diploma mandatory Ottawa / Gatineau (NCR) 
ScrapedJobID489:
Company events Work from home Monday to Friday Weekend availability Are you legally authorized to work in Canada? Are you a Canadian Citizen OR Permanent Resident? Django Or REST: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID490:
Investigating Web technologies for a suitable framework Designing and modeling database Designing and creating various applications and web documents Developing, testing and debugging application Preparing reference documentation Preparing programming and coding documentation Possess at least three (3) years relevant experience as web application developer Experience with database driven websites, database development, relational database design, and database protocols A good knowledge of PHP, AJAX, CSS, MySQL, OOP, UML. Apache Effective oral and written communication, organizational, problem solving and interpersonal skills Ability to understand and contribute to functional requirements and translate them into technical designs and development projects Ability to document features, technical specifications and infrastructure requirements Ability to work independently and within a team environment Knowledge of Java and .NET Previous experience with HR, payroll or time and attendance applications 
ScrapedJobID491:
Vous travaillerez sur des projets importants, en résolvant des défis uniques, des processus et des outils soutenant le développement de programmes robustes et très performants composés de millions de lignes de code Vous travaillerez en contact étroit avec des ingénieurs logiciels, des concepteurs d’expérience utilisateur et des ingénieurs en assurance qualité V ous pourrez appliquer vos connaissances des algorithmes, des structures de données, du front/back-end ou du full-stack et des modèles de conception de logiciels pour répondre aux besoins des clients Vous devez être inscrit en tant qu'étudiant à temps plein dans un programme accrédité au Canada avec au moins un trimestre universitair pour être admissible à un stage Langages de programmation orientée objet : C++, Python, C# ou Java Technologies liées au Web telles que JavaScript et HTML et bonne connaissance des technologies de plateformes mobiles Excellentes compétences interpersonnelles, de communication et de présentation Capacité à travailler en équipe et à établir avec succès des relations de collaboration La connaissance du logiciel Autodesk You will work on meaningful projects, solving unique challenges, processes and tools supporting development of robust and highly performant programs consisting of millions of lines of code You will work in close contact with software engineers, user experience designers, and QA engineers You will be able to apply your knowledge of algorithms, data structures, front/back end or full-stack and software design patterns to serve customer needs Object oriented program languages C++, Python, C#, or Java Web related technologies such as JavaScript and HTML and familiarity with mobile platform technologies Excellent communication, presentation and interpersonal skills Ability to work in team environment and successfully build collaborative relationships Knowledge of Autodesk software 
ScrapedJobID492:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Initiative Team player Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID493:
Help architect, design and build high-quality software Identify, prioritize and execute tasks in the software development life cycle Work with business to iterate over software requirements Develop tools and applications by producing clean, efficient code Automate tasks through appropriate tools and scripting Ability to analyze and debug systems Perform validation and verification testing in a test-driven manner Collaborate with internal teams and vendors to fix and improve products Ensure software is up-to-date with latest technologies MUST be enrolled in a co-op program and studying Computer Science or a related degree Excellent organization, critical-thinking and personal leadership skills Self-starter with the ability to deliver with minimal supervision Team player Analytical mind with problem-solving aptitude Some experience with Java language/ecosystem as well as the Spring platform (or similar) Some experience with UI development and frameworks Some experience using system and performance monitoring tools (e.g. New Relic) Some experience with automated testing frameworks Some knowledge of relational databases (e.g. PostgreSQL, MySQL) 
ScrapedJobID494:
Participer activement à la conception et à la réalisation de jeux vidéo au sein d'une équipe de production multidisciplinaire; Faire le développement de jeux en utilisant un moteur de jeu et diverses technologies complémentaires; Réaliser des prototypes de mécaniques de jeu en utilisant une approche itérative; Intégrer des éléments tels que des objets en 3D, des animations, des interfaces, des effets visuels et des fichiers audio; Participer à la mise à jour de l’engin et des différentes SDK utilisées dans le jeu; Participer à la création d’outils permettant de rendre l’équipe plus efficace; Documenter le travail effectué. Diplôme universitaire ou collégial en développement de logiciels; Minimum de trois (3) ans d’expérience en développement de jeux vidéo; Minimum de deux (2) ans d’expérience de développement avec Unreal Engine; Avoir participé au développement complet d’un jeu console et/ou mobile; Bonnes connaissances du C++ et du C#; Capacités à faire du profilage de performance au niveau du CPU, GPU et de la mémoire; À l'aise avec les mathématiques appliquées au développement de jeu (trigonométrie, algèbre vectorielle, calcul matriciel, etc.); Connaissances approfondies de l’industrie du jeu vidéo; Avoir participé au développement d’un jeu nécessitant une infrastructure client serveur (un atout); Connaissances de certains langages de scripting comme Python, Batch, PowerShell, Shell (un atout); Connaissances des langages Java, Kotlin, Objective-C et Swift (un atout). Désir de rendre l’équipe plus efficace; Proactivité, autonomie et débrouillardise; Facilité à présenter et défendre ses idées auprès de l’équipe et du client; Volonté de partager son savoir et aider les autres. On s’occupe de ton transport (laissez-passer mensuel RTC ou allocation de stationnement, abonnement à Communauto); On veille à ton bien-être (fruits frais, massages, activités sportives, gym sur place, cours de pilates et stationnement intérieur pour vélo); On fournit l’ambiance (bel environnement de travail, accès à une terrasse, nombreuses activités sociales, quartier animé et en pleine effervescence); On t’offre une large gamme d'avantages sociaux (assurance collective, REER collectif, journées de maladie, journées personnelles, horaire flexible, politique de vacances concurrentielle, programme d'aide aux employés et à la famille et télémédecine); Et bientôt, avec notre nouvelle politique de travail flexible (télétravail régulier, en temps partagé ou au studio), tu auras le choix du mode de travail qui te convient le mieux! Participate actively in the design and production of video games within a multidisciplinary production team; Develop games using a game engine and various complementary technologies; Produce game mechanics prototypes using an iterative approach; Integrate elements such as 3D objects, animations, interfaces, visual effects and audio files; Participate in updating the engine and the different SDKs used in the game; Participate in the creation of tools to make the team more efficient; Produce documentation of the work performed. University or college degree in software development; Minimum of three (3) years experience in video game development; Minimum of two (2) years of development experience with Unreal Engine; To have participated in the complete development of a console and/or mobile game; Good knowledge of C++ and C#; Ability to do performance profiling at the CPU, GPU and memory level; Comfortable with applied mathematics in game development (trigonometry, vector algebra, matrix calculation, etc.); In-depth knowledge of the video game industry; To have participated in the development of a game requiring a client-server infrastructure (an asset); Knowledge of certain scripting languages such as Python, Batch, PowerShell, Shell (an asset); Knowledge of Java, Kotlin, Objective-C and Swift languages (an asset). Desire to make the team more efficient; Proactivity, autonomy and resourcefulness; Ease in presenting and defending his ideas to the team and the client; Willingness to share knowledge and help others. We take care of your transportation (monthly RTC pass or parking allowance, Communauto subscription); We take care of your well-being (fresh fruits), massages, sports activities, on-site gym and indoor bike parking); We provide the ambiance (beautiful work environment, access to a terrace, many social activities, located in a lively and vibrant neighbourhood); We offer you a wide range of social benefits (group insurance, group RRSP, sick days, personal days, flexible hours, competitive vacation policy); And soon, with our new flexible work policy (regular remote work, timeshare or studio), you will have the choice of the work mode that suits you best! 
ScrapedJobID495:
Build domain expertise and collect competitive information to stay ahead in the market with product differentiation and high user value Operate independently and lead the work of one or more product development teams Be responsible for a product or customer journey of a medium to high complexity product Actively work to improve your skills through research, attending Tech Talks/Webinars, using e-learning/classes offered, attending and giving demos, and asking for feedback from more senior colleagues Define success metrics for your products and measures and adjust those regularly Review and respond to feature requests according to our defined processes Build the roadmap for your product in cooperation with other Product Managers to identify and account for dependencies Actively contribute to improving team processes to foster a climate of collaboration, respect, risk-taking, trust, excellence, and fun Work with engineering managers and scrum masters to find the best process for getting work added, defined, and structured in Jira, Confluence, and other tools used Define product requirements with engineering, business, and design partners, and proactively seek peer feedback and schedule product reviews to get buy-in to move forward and inform all product teams of their plans Work closely with engineering, business, and design partners from ideation to release, ensuring they’re aligned on requirements, expectations, and timing Continuously deliver high quality launches of features aligned with company objectives Get to know your stakeholders and maintain strong relationships with them Actively pursues stakeholders for product discovery and feedback Own end-to-end product management process from idea to launch, impact tracking, and ongoing improvements BA, BS, BASc degree or relevant experience in a SaaS Product Management, SaaS Sales, Professional Services, or CX role 3-5 years in Product Management Experience with Salesforce, either in product management, as a consultant, administrator, and/or app developer Experience building, solutioning, or overseeing a technical software product. Free health plans, as well as company-paid Dental, Vision, Disability, and Life Insurance Benefits for US and Canadian full-time employees. Unlimited PTO for all employees. Retirement accounts with company matching for US and Canadian full-time employees. The most up-to-date technology, including company-issued Macs, the latest software, and other tools needed to excel at your job Company-paid conferences and extended learning opportunities Yearly company gatherings 
ScrapedJobID496:
Have you set up a new cloud service over a hot beverage in the morning? Do you love solving complex problems that others find overwhelming? Are you curious and interested in new technologies and ideas? Do you find yourself with creative ideas about how to build and deploy cloud-based microservices? Would your rather spend your time automating tasks rather than manually doing things? Would you like to work with a team of other folks with the same mindset? Own development pipelines for many languages and platforms Build and maintain modern cloud infrastructure for maximum security, reliability and uptime Share your knowledge with others, while learning new things from your team mates Be part of a rotating on call schedule that ensures most of your evenings and weekends are your own Improve on existing services to find efficiencies or better ways of doing things Act as a brand ambassador for Mogo, regularly using our suite of products, sharing the brand with friends and family, and providing feedback to the team for improvements We’d rather collaborate than dictate We know when to do it well and when to do it quickly We want you to enjoy doing it and maintain good work-life balance Kuberenetes, Docker, Linux Buildkite, Harness, CodePipeline, GitHub Build and deploy pipelines for NodeJS, Ruby, Go, Java, Powershell, Bash, Android, iOS and Android Terraform, Typescript, Krane Ruby on Rails, MERN EKS, ECS, Fargate, Route53, EC2, CDK, Cloudwatch, Lambda, S3, IAM Terraform, Terragrunt, Krane, Hashicorp Vault, Ansible, Krane, AWS Vault JIRA, Slack, DataDog, Splunk Cloudflare, HAProxy, nginx, Cloudfront, Envoy RabbitMQ, AmazonMQ, Event Driven Microservices MySQL, MongoDB, Cassandra, Snowflake, Redis IP Routing, Firewalls, IDS/IPS, HTTP, SSL, DNS, CDNs 
ScrapedJobID497:
2 or more years C++ and Java programming experience Video game development experience with iOS and Android using game engines such as Unity, Unreal and others Experience and interest in developing a variety of video game genres Interest in contributing creatively to other areas such as game design Excellent problem solving skills Excellent oral and written communication skills Have a good understanding of software development methodologies Performance optimization experience Good knowledge and practical experience in one or more of the following: Graphics, AI, Physics, Sound, Networking, Tools and Libraries, R & D. Self directed within a team context Enjoys an environment where personal and professional development are encouraged and supported Creative, innovative, positive problem solving perspectives Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering Have worked on at least two published titles Software Engineering experience on teams of 3 or more engineers Some experience with console (Next Gen, PS4, XboxOne, Wii/WiiU), PC, Mac and/or handheld development an asset Reports to: Technical Lead Competitive salary, benefits and stock option package available for the right candidate Thank you! Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Profit sharing Stock options Vision care Monday to Friday Are you willing to take a technical test? Do you have a valid Canadian work permit? Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID498:
Assist in managing the timeline of multiple projects with specific milestones along the way. Communicate with team leads and other project stakeholders to ensure quality and timelines are maintained. Communicating with HR and executives if staffing levels are not adequate or new skills are required for future milestones. Assist in planning future sprints and project planning for ongoing projects, including timelines, quality and cost. Communicating with team leads from each department and ensuring they understand the vision and direction that we are moving forward with. Code reviews, architecture reviews and suggestions, and mentorship of new developers. BSc or Masters in Computer Science, Software Engineering or any related fields. Experience developing, releasing, and maintaining React.js. Preferably previous roles as a React developer (minimum 1 year) Solid understanding of HTML5, CSS3, Git, ES6, JSX, Hooks and react.js framework Solid understanding of REST principles and exposure to backend APIs Company events Work from home Monday to Friday Weekend availability Are you legally authorized to work in Canada? Are you a Canadian Citizen or Permanent Resident? React: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID499:
Read Job Folder and follow process Set up, operate and maintain SMT stencil printers Printed solder paste visual inspection Set-up, run and troubleshoot Auto-insertion and SMT machine(Experience with Fuji is preferred. Verifying board assembly prior to reflow. Set up and operate reflow ovens Ensure workmanship conforms to IPC 610 Standards. Perform daily maintenance of SMT equipment and verify all processes are performed to the documentation. Perform any other relevant tasks to help out any other area in production Perform other tasks as required. Minimum 2 years’ experience in SMT Line Operation. Good knowledge of electronic assemblies including through hole and SMT components, drawings and BOMS. Knowledge of quality systems and ESD control. Excellent verbal & written communication skills Familiarity with ISO procedures and QC/ IPC standards are a plus Extended health care 8 hour shift Overtime SMT operation: 2 years (required) No 
ScrapedJobID500:

ScrapedJobID501:
HAAS Mill controls HAAS Lathe controls Reading of technical drawings and documents Advanced measurement skills Quality Assurance verification skills Ability to work independently Ability to set up working process 
ScrapedJobID502:
Customer service is our #1 priority. This should be at the forefront of all your decision making. Enhance our web user experience through thoughtful front end design. Integrate the design on Squarespace and use custom coding where necessary. Custom development and integration of third party applications using API's. Suggest and create new third party applications to support our digital presence. Monday to Friday Do you have experience writing custom code in Squarespace? Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID503:
Supervises the day-today operations of the CDC including: supervising staff; addressing staff concerns; planning and coordinating work flow; planning and coordinating term programs, events and workshops; assigning, prioritizing and evaluating work assignments; verifying student employee time sheets; preparing work schedules and reviewing vacation schedules; participating in selection committees; meeting with staff and student employees regularly; and providing input on performance evaluations. Provides support and direction to the Career Development Advisors and student employees; addressing issues that require escalation. Works closely with the Employer Engagement and Experiential Learning Facilitator to ensure initiatives meet the needs of the campus community. Assists with design and presentation of workshops on various career development topics and conducts presentations to promote the CDC across faculties. Creates career-related materials based on current best practices and industry trends. Assists in the coordination, marketing, recruiting and implementation of career-related events both on and off-campus. Responds to student, staff and faculty inquiries relating to programming and services. Keeps up to date with employment trends, salary trends, latest hiring practices and the labour market through news articles, magazines, statistics and other reliable mediums. Identifies and provides input to increase operational efficiency or enhance the student experience to the manager. Provides input to the operational plan of the CDC, as well as suggestions and ideas on the strategic direction of the CDC to the manager. Oversees and supports the Student to Employment Program (STEP). Oversees the CDC’s student Career Development Ambassador employment programming by marketing, recruiting, training, planning workflow, evaluating, meeting, implementing CapU GROW and supervising student employees. Oversees the CapU GROW and similar interventions for student employees, promoting the program by providing training, check-ins and evaluation to other supervisors of student employees at the University. Bachelor’s degree in business, communications, or a related field. Five years of experience in career services or human resources, including one year of supervisory experience. Experience must include advising students on career development preferably in a post-secondary environment and extensive presentation and group facilitation skills. 
ScrapedJobID504:
Building public facing Neo web applications that balance both function and form to bring joy and delight to our customers. Collaborating with a team of world class engineers to craft performant solutions that exceed modern standards for efficiency, scalability, accessibility and security. Playing a large part during all stages of our software development lifecycle from product and project requirements to deployment into production environments. Work with and have good working knowledge of version control, unit test authoring, code review, and deployment strategies. Deliver tangible value-adds such as documentation, training materials, or presentations that grow our front end capabilities. Pursuing an undergraduate degree in Science or Engineering, and currently enrolled in your 3rd or 4th year. Fluency with at least one programming language, ability to solve programming problems and create solutions through writing code. A strong passion to delight our customers through our software and services. You are a strong team player who can excel in a fast-paced environment. You’re willing to do the hard work required to build an exceptional company. You are eager to learn, take pride in your work and have an interest in the tech industry. 
ScrapedJobID505:
Collaborate with your team lead to understand the overall game vision & design documentation. Identify bugs and develop test plans for your assigned feature (e.g. mission, AI, audio, UI, gameplay, engine, online, etc.). Follow up on functionality bugs found by internal + external teams, and coordinate their correction (sort, prioritize, and assign to the right developers). Work with other development testers to stay up to date, fix features, suggest solutions to setbacks, share knowledge, etc. Meet with the development team to discuss progress, provide your creative input, etc. Create custom game versions, reproducing bugs to evaluate their risks. Write and maintain documentation, detailing defects found and their sources. Contribute to coming up with ideas for automated tests & solutions to optimize the testing process. Create your own automated tests and analyze test results. Around 2 years of experience in quality control or quality assurance (or other relevant experience) Knowledge of bug tracking software (e.g. Jira) and test management tools (e.g. TestRail and Xray) Familiarity with networking and on-demand infrastructure Experience in programming (or notions of programming logic and scripting) and with game engines (e.g. Unity or Unreal) A degree in a video game-related program (or related training) An understanding of test principles and methodologies A highly collaborative, empathetic, and innovative spirit Critical thinking, attention to detail, curiosity, resourcefulness, and plenty of flexibility Excellent problem-solving, organizational, communication, and interpersonal skills A solid understanding of the development process & a passion for video games Your CV, highlighting your background and skills 
ScrapedJobID506:
Design & Development - Development of front-end online applications using JavaScript framework and troubleshoot issues. Your skills will be leveraged to develop single page applications such as online banking services, application forms, online calculators, and financial planning tools. Continuous Improvement & Collaboration - Share your best practices and coding knowledge at all times to help enhance existing processes and technologies, improving documentation, maximizing learning on the team, and encouraging process optimization. Project Delivery & Documentation - Assist your team members with technical documentation creation and ensure compliance with CIBC standards, best practices, web accessibility requirements, and security protocols. Wherever necessary, present project status updates to senior management and other team members and ensure project timelines are being met You can demonstrate experience with 1 year with web development using JavaScript, Git branching strategies, responsive web design as well as code testing frameworks. It's an asset if you have experience working in an Agile environment. You have a degree/diploma in Computer Science or similar Degree You're passionate about people. You find meaning in relationships, and surround yourself with a diverse network of partners. You build trust through respect and authenticity. You love to learn. You're passionate about growing your knowledge, and you know that there is no limit to what you can achieve. You're driven by collective success. You know that collaboration can transform a good idea into a great one. You understand the power of an inclusive team that enjoys working together to bring a shared vision to life. You understand that success is in the details. You notice things that others don't. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making. Values matter to you . You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. Thrive: Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home Connect : Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity Develop: Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, individual development planning and comprehensive product training Prosper: Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID507:
Javascript, Java, Kotlin, Python Cloud : Azure, Docker Tools : Git / Jenkins / TeamCity, PowerBi, Orchestration and workflow applications. Self-directed and self-motivated, able to build and sustain long-term relationships with business and colleagues Strong at solving problems with a keen eye for details; a strong desire to learn and contribute solutions and ideas to the team Able to manage multiple tasks and use judgment to prioritize and escalate to achieve desired outcomes Confortable in verbal and written communications, able to adapt one’s communication to the audience 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID508:
Computer Programming, Other Computer Science Engineering, Other IBM Certification Eclipse Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Java React Native React.js Angular.js Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Tight deadlines Word processing software Spreadsheet Database software Presentation software Programming software Software development Enterprise Applications Integration (EAI) Business diagram software Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID509:
Be the primary contact for maintaining the existing reporting suite based on SSRS and Power BI and dashboards with the support of other experienced BI team members Collaborate with stakeholders to define the business layer and presentation layer of the BI model that is business-friendly and supports a self-service environment where appropriate. Review functional and design specifications to ensure full understanding of individual deliverables. Ongoing monitoring of existing key reports to ensure data quality and integrity Conduct a comprehensive review of all current BI reporting to establish a BAU Reporting Requirements Definition for all business functions. Diploma in Data, Analytics or Computer Science 2+ years of professional experience in a report development (SSRS & PowerBI ideally) Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement. Experience delivering solutions on the Azure platform (Data Lake, Synapse, Data Factory & Cosmos DB) SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases. 
ScrapedJobID510:
Write, modify, integrate and test thoroughbred business basic code. Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required. Identify and communicate technical problems, processes, and solutions. Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other internet applications. Red Hat Enterprise Linux / CentOS Programming languages Software development Database software 
ScrapedJobID511:
Javascript, Java, Kotlin, Python Cloud : Azure, Docker Tools : Git / Jenkins / TeamCity, PowerBi, Orchestration and workflow applications. Self-directed and self-motivated, able to build and sustain long-term relationships with business and colleagues Strong at solving problems with a keen eye for details; a strong desire to learn and contribute solutions and ideas to the team Able to manage multiple tasks and use judgment to prioritize and escalate to achieve desired outcomes Confortable in verbal and written communications, able to adapt one’s communication to the audience 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID512:
Computer Programming, Other Computer Science Engineering, Other IBM Certification Eclipse Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Java React Native React.js Angular.js Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Tight deadlines Word processing software Spreadsheet Database software Presentation software Programming software Software development Enterprise Applications Integration (EAI) Business diagram software Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID513:
Be the primary contact for maintaining the existing reporting suite based on SSRS and Power BI and dashboards with the support of other experienced BI team members Collaborate with stakeholders to define the business layer and presentation layer of the BI model that is business-friendly and supports a self-service environment where appropriate. Review functional and design specifications to ensure full understanding of individual deliverables. Ongoing monitoring of existing key reports to ensure data quality and integrity Conduct a comprehensive review of all current BI reporting to establish a BAU Reporting Requirements Definition for all business functions. Diploma in Data, Analytics or Computer Science 2+ years of professional experience in a report development (SSRS & PowerBI ideally) Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement. Experience delivering solutions on the Azure platform (Data Lake, Synapse, Data Factory & Cosmos DB) SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases. 
ScrapedJobID514:
Write, modify, integrate and test thoroughbred business basic code. Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required. Identify and communicate technical problems, processes, and solutions. Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other internet applications. Red Hat Enterprise Linux / CentOS Programming languages Software development Database software 
ScrapedJobID515:

ScrapedJobID516:

ScrapedJobID517:

ScrapedJobID518:

ScrapedJobID519:

ScrapedJobID520:

ScrapedJobID521:

ScrapedJobID522:

ScrapedJobID523:

ScrapedJobID524:

ScrapedJobID525:

