ScrapedJobID1:
You're visually oriented and have a keen eye for detail — it's a thing of beauty to watch you work. You have a rock-solid reputation as a creative problem solver — nothing slows you down for long. You manage your time as expertly as you manage your projects. Prioritizing, planning and organizing are part of your DNA, and you handle even the tightest deadlines with a cool head and clear vision. You're 'web-savvy' and up to date with quality assurance and testing trends, tools and methods. You tackle every project with anticipation and excitement — no matter how big or how small. You ‘get’ what it means to be part of the team and enjoy working in a collaborative, open-office environment. The words “that will do” aren’t in your vocabulary. You always strive to find the best, most innovative solution. You don’t sit around waiting to be told what to do. You know what needs to be done and you do it. You love rolling up your sleeves and digging into the details. You handle even the tightest deadlines with a cool head and a clear vision. Reporting to the Agile Team Lead, Development. Support the quality assurance and testing for the external-facing AMA websites and all other internal applications. Assist in establishing and documenting overall application testing strategies and plans Contribute, prepare and maintain quality test plans and documentation to ensure efficient quality assurance processes Develop formal test cases to cover the necessary scope of applications being tested, creating reusable test assets for both manual and automated test scripts Review appropriate documentation to determine if the system will perform according to user requests and conform to guidelines Work with team to recommend and implement testing program improvements or corrections Analyze existing test/quality processes to improve business performance and maximize the effectiveness of available technology Monitor system performance after implementation to prevent reoccurrence of operating problems and ensure efficiency of operation Lead / conduct testing and ensure defects encountered during testing are logged and tracked and appropriate action is taken Provide testing status and updates in a timely basis Seeking to build in security assessment at the testing stage Investigating new products, tools and technology, with a goal towards adding value to the business. Write automated test scripts and organize scripts into coherent processes Research and resolve the problems encountered in running test scripts or cycle processing You have a university degree or technical school diploma in a related technical field such as Information Technology or Computer Science. Have a degree in something else? Tell us about it and how you can use it in this role. You have at least 3 years of quality assurance and testing experience. A background in establishing testing framework and developing test cases for medium to large-scale projects. Exposure to a variety of quality assurance methods and tools including automated test tools such as Selenium and Postman as well as test and defect management tools Knowledge of project lifecycle (SDLC) phases and activities, familiar with agile development processes. You’ll get bonus points if you have:
Working knowledge of ASP.NET C#, HTML, CSS, JavaScript and SQL
Working knowledge of Azure DevOps for manual and automated testing
Knowledge of Digital Marketing. (If you don’t, well an interest to learn would be great too.) Working knowledge of ASP.NET C#, HTML, CSS, JavaScript and SQL Working knowledge of Azure DevOps for manual and automated testing Knowledge of Digital Marketing. (If you don’t, well an interest to learn would be great too.) Competitive salary. Flexible benefits. Outstanding employer-paid Defined Pension Plan. Great AMA discounts. Unlimited learning opportunities. Paid vacation and floater day. Work from home options available. 
ScrapedJobID2:
Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID3:
Experience working in an Agile development environment. Experience in testing large-scale systems such as ERP, Operations Management, CRM, Financial. Familiar with Microsoft ADO, and experience with monitoring metrics. 
ScrapedJobID4:
Leverage diverse testing approaches to gather quality related information about the product under test Create liaisons between the different teams at FGL and contribute to the smooth communication between teams Design, implement and execute test scenarios in order to gather quality related information about the product Write, revise and verify quality standards, test plans and test procedures to ascertain the quality of programs/software and third-party products Perform functional, system, system integration and UAT testing Identify and assist in the resolution of testing issues, defects and risks Help coordinate project deliverables and resolve issues, identify dependencies and roadblocks Provide non-production and production environment support assistance when required; Represent QA & Testing in different status meetings which may include project team members, business members, external vendors, leadership teams and stakeholders as required Assist with reporting the progress of testing and software quality to the Technical Product Manager, leadership teams, project managers and stakeholders Keep up to date of the latest emerging trends in the testing industry thru personal research and by being an active member within the industry Minimum 3 years of experience in a software development environment including 2+ years in QA/Software Testing BS in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Systems, or a Minimum of 6 years’ experience in the IT industry, specifically, as part of a team responsible for delivering software quality assurance to IT projects SQL knowledge/experience Demonstrated knowledge of QA and Software Testing methodologies and practices Experience i n the creation and execution of test scenarios to gain knowledge about the quality of the product under test Knowledge of retail, POS, warehousing/inventory, supply chain or finance industries an asset Bilingual: French/English, written and spoken A passion and enthusiasm for exploration, discovery, learning, investigation and analysis of software products Experience working in a highly integrated, multi-project environment Knowledge of both traditional waterfall and Agile project methodologies Detail oriented personality complimented with strong analytical and problem solving skills Excellent organizational and planning skills 
ScrapedJobID5:
Conduct process/product quality audits for projects following applicable quality standards (Audit, Generation of the audit sheet, Audit report, Audit closure) Conduct document approval for projects following applicable quality standards (Generation of the dialogue sheet, closure and signature of documents) Write required quality documents for projects following applicable quality standards (Document content, Mechanical checks (when needed), Answer to reviews comments) Implement possible/required improvements on the projects (Participate to project meetings, Suggest improvement ideas, Participate in implementing these ideas) support teams and customer for DO-178B certification purpose Familiar with principles of non-conformity and their resolution Have an understanding of project software quality standards like DO178C Knowledge of project tools like configuration management tools Comfortable using quality sheets and checklists Organised Capable of synthetising problems and finding solutions Good written and oral communication 
ScrapedJobID6:
Contribute improvements to products, processes, documentation, and QA best practices Troubleshoot and analyze application and third-party partner defects in the testing and production environment Develop Java JUnit classes and suites to verify RESTful microservice features at the unit, integration, and end-to-end testing levels Use purpose-built test harnesses with custom code as needed to test integration with complex third-party behaviors Contribute to automated tests of owned features for load, performance and sanity testing purposes Perform QA and Dev code reviews with peers Troubleshoot QA and Dev code, write effective stories and bugs, and work them to conclusion in an Agile team environment Work closely with developers and adjacent Dev/QA teams during appropriate stages of projects and participate in all phases of the scrum process Support DevOps team members in launching products on our customer environments Participate in off-hours production deployments on infrequent basis with reasonably advance notice Bachelor's or Graduate University degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent 3-5 years Industry experience in Software QA automation engineering 3-5 years of Java or C# experience in software development and/or automation test class development 3 + year of programmatic test and/or development on RESTful web APIs 3 + year of experience in JUnit, TestNG, xUnit or another similar unit test framework Knowledge of standard QA techniques such as fault management, smoke testing, regression testing, feature testing, load and performance testing, etc. Experience writing test plans and test cases for enterprise SaaS solution Strong Web Services testing experience and thorough understanding of Web Services methodologies (SOA, XML, SOAP, REST, etc. Experience working on an Agile development team with rapid iterations IntelliJ or Eclipse or similar programming IDE Experience working in automated build environment Deployments using Docker, Kubernetes, Helm, Puppet, or similar tools and frameworks Linux or public cloud network troubleshooting skills - Experience testing large scale multi-tier web based applications Proficiency in writing modular scripts, executing tools, and editing documents Following workplace security protocols and training programs to familiarize with the ways to maintain a safe workplace. Following security procedures to report any suspicious activity. Having respect for corporate security procedures to allow those procedures to be effective. Adhering to company's compliance and regulations. Encouraging to follow a zero tolerance for workplace violence. 
ScrapedJobID7:
New Croesus office layout: November 2021; Telework policy: 100% of your choice (head office_Laval / office in Toronto); Goodies CROESUS Boutique; CROESUS Gym; Among Montreal's Top Employers 2021 & one of Canada's Top Small and Medium Employers in the Canada’s Top Small & Medium Employers competition organized by Mediacorp Canada Inc. 
ScrapedJobID8:
Note: Valid proof of a completed COVID-19 vaccination series is an employment requirement. Testing Houdini to help ensure that it is of the highest quality possible Testing new and existing features in Houdini trying to break them in order to discover areas of the software that can be improved Build test cases, simulate customer workflows and demonstrate how to reproduce bugs so that they can be fixed by our talented team of programmers Validate, update and create new node examples Other duties as assigned Minimum 2-4 years experience with Houdini (school projects included) Currently pursuing or have completed a Computer Animation and/or FX degree Excellent communication and presentation skills Strong problem solving skills with a keen attention to detail is a must have Some experience with modelling, animating, rendering and visual effects is necessary Ability to locate and investigate issues and track them in a database Experience on Windows, OSX, and Linux (we test on all three) Ability to work well in a team environment with a positive demeanor An independent learner with an eagerness to learn unfamiliar areas of Houdini Ideal candidates will have production experience in film, TV, or games 3D software testing/development experience Python scripting Experience with other 3D packages like Maya, 3DS Max, Blender, Softimage, etc Location
Toronto, Ontario Department
Internship Employment Type
Intern Full-Time 
ScrapedJobID9:

ScrapedJobID10:

ScrapedJobID11:
This is a full time position located in downtown Vancouver. However, due to the ongoing pandemic, our team is currently working remotely. In the coming months, we plan to move to a hybrid work environment, combining both at-home and in-office work. This position offers significant opportunities for education and advancement. Conduct functional and integration testing for various projects Determine whether or not the test results fulfill the established requirements, and notify the development team of errors, omissions, and inconsistencies Assist in reproducing and troubleshooting defects or other issues reported by end users Cross-platform testing to ensure software behaves consistently across multiple platforms and devices Develop unit tests Develop automated tests to increase test coverage and testing efficiency Define test plans for new applications or software modules Mentor and onboard junior/co-op QA analysts 2+ years of relevant experience in a software quality assurance or software testing role, specifically testing websites and/or web applications Experience defining and managing test plans Experience working with test automation tools Working knowledge of SQL Strong written and oral communication skills Familiarity with at least one unit testing framework Experience working with and testing APIs Familiarity with web security fundamentals and basic security testing Experience working with Linux and the command line Experience testing native mobile applications Must have a desire for continuous growth and be a quick learner Proven attention to detail and problem solving skills Self-motivated and willing to take the initiative Ability to prioritize, multi-task, and work under pressure/deadlines Excellent analytical and assessment skills Able to work both independently and in a team-based environment Casual dress Company events Extended health care Flexible schedule Work from home Monday to Friday quality assurance: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID12:
Review product requirements and other technical documentation to ensure testability and completeness. Define and document the test strategy and integration/system test cases for new features. Review and validate completed work from Scrum teams for every sprint on QA integration environment by performing End to End, Exploratory, Integration, System and UAT tests. Develop test cases using Selenium and REST Assured, in a Linux or Microsoft Windows environment, for our Web Application (user interface) and our middle tier RESTful endpoints. Execute manual and automated test cases on a regular basis, measuring and analyzing code coverage over time. Perform Production Verification Testing. Collaborate closely with other teams to analyze and resolve issues. Contribute to the continuous improvement of our test automation framework and quality assurance processes. Guide and mentor junior members of the team. Good oral and written communication skills. 3+ years of experience with testing Enterprise software in a Client/Server or Web environment, focusing on Security, Performance, RESTful APIs and Web Application testing. 3+ years of experience developing automated functional tests. Solid test plan and test case writing skill. A degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent. Self-motivated, independent, detail orientated, and responsible team-player. Experience with VMWare, Windows and Linux operating systems. Show us how your analytic ability, experience and ability to think like a user help you create test strategies and cases that ensure our product quality is top notch. Experience with Confluence, JIRA, Jenkins, Test Management for Jira (Zephyr Scale), REST Assured and Selenium WebDriver. Experience with cloud environment such as AWS or Azure. Experience with Micro services testing. 
ScrapedJobID13:
2+ years’ experience working in a Quality Assurance Environment. Agile QA Best Practices. Clear and concise verbal, written and interpersonal skills including the ability to work in teams. Strong analytical capability and trouble-shooting skills to de-bug products according to company’s QA process and methodologies. Technical documentation writing skills and hands on experience with Robo Help and Adobe Frame maker. Knowledge of software testing methodologies and the Software Development Life Cycle. Outstanding organizational skills, attention to detail with an ability to take work direction and communicate effectively. Able to write reports/correspondence/procedure manuals, present information and respond to questions from managers/customers/peers. Working knowledge of SQL and SQL Queries is an asset. Ability to work unsupervised as well as part of a team. Strong time management . Use time effectively and efficiently concentrating efforts on most important priorities. Action-oriented, capable of working with little or no direction at times. Strong organizational skills : use resources effectively and efficiently. Arrange information and files in a useful manner. Effectively cope with change/ambiguity and shift gears comfortably. Ability to learn on-the-fly (specifically items that may be technically oriented). Set priorities based upon deadlines and, at the same time, be able to adapt to frequent change. Working knowledge of the Microsoft Office suite (Word, Excel, Outlook). Experience working with Jira. Design a testing strategy for a new product development project. Design and execute test cases. Test deliverables in adherence to best practices. Prepare test plans, test cases and test status reports for required projects/enhancements. Execute regression and functional tests, recording the results and defects. Execute testing based upon the performance testing timelines associated with the release schedule. Web and mobile software testing. Document defects, assisting with their resolution. Document and convey all test findings in a clear and concise manner for the development team. Record bugs and features in our JIRA ticketing system Participate in the delivery of products for clients. Participate in the training of products for clients. 
ScrapedJobID14:
Innovation – you’re a creative thinker, and have no problem coming up with unconventional solutions when needed. For you, problems are just solutions waiting to happen. Communication – you can work with multiple teams and ensure that everyone is on the same page. Whether you’re talking to tech support or management, you’re a natural when it comes to keeping everyone in the loop. Time management – balancing multiple and competing priorities isn’t a problem for you because you’ve always got an eye on the big picture. You understand that what gets done today affects what’s going to be happening a week, or even months from now. Post-secondary degree in computer science or similar. Experience writing and executing test plans. Experience creating full regression plans, accounting for usability concerns, and risk assessments. Experience with JIRA or other tracking tools/software. Proficiency with QA testing practices and strategies. Experience with Agile Environment. Expert level general computer skills, and ability to learn new software/applications. Experience in web development and database technologies. Experience with automation and performance testing. Experience in basic software development/programming would be an asset. 
ScrapedJobID15:
Automates API and firmware test cases using REST Assured and Jenkins Develops, executes and analyzes automated test results Understands client usage of the software to develop appropriate automated test cases and acceptance test criteria Actively participate in Agile daily stand-ups, Sprint Planning and retrospective meetings In uncovering defects also works with development team to help determine root cause. Responsible for follows-up and updates of defects in Jira Participates in efforts to continuously improve test practices Perform all other related duties. University degree in Computer science or computer/electrical engineering 0-2 years experience, new grads with relevant internship experience are welcome. important: Strong ability of performing manual and automated tests with hardware equipment. The candidate will need to automate end-to-end system tests up to the end hardware we sell to our customers, such as our locks and encoders Important: Strong Java object-oriented coding skills Strong ability of using a combination of manual, automated and semi-automated test approach to implement and execute test cases Strong experience with REST Assured and Jenkins Experience with test and automation of applications running Apple and Android platforms Hands on experience with network troubleshooting, ability to troubleshoot issues using Wireshark Strong Scripting experience is an asset Good knowledge of web-based applications Hands on experience working with virtual machines. Very important: strong ability to automate APIs using REST Assured. Very good oral and written communication skills in both official languages (bilingual) Ability to handle several issues simultaneously. Team player, good interpersonal skills and autonomous. Strong customer focus, understanding of the customer’s viewpoint. Goals oriented, proactive A fast-growing international company A stimulating, fast and friendly work environment An opportunity to highly contribute to the success of the company Competitive global compensation Free parking and on-site cafeteria A 3-minute walk from Namur metro station. 
ScrapedJobID16:
provide a 360-degree view of regulated entities, presenting all available and significant information about each financial institution enable the automation of routine business processes, providing easier access to and improved quality of, the information needed to assess risk reduce manual data processing and improve information sharing via the 360-degree view of regulated entities Reviews Business Requirements / User Stories to ensure a full understanding of business expectations Reviews functional and design specifications to ensure full understanding of solution or service deliverables Designs, develop and maintain appropriate test cases that include all aspects of solution or service (functionality, data integrity, security, performance, UI, etc.) Performs a full range of testing including but not limited to functional, usability, regression as well as end-user experience level testing for UI, messaging, etc. Identifies any other potential quality issues per defined process and escalates as required Verifies all changes to ensure effective resolution of reported issues Identifies service quality issues, opportunities, and constraints Provides validation and analysis of all reported issues before seeking resolution Provides expert quality assurance / testing advice Flexible schedule Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) QA in large SW Development Environment: 7 years (required) testing Microsoft Dynamics CRM / 365 Applications: 2 years (required) Test Manager or other test management tools (i.e. JIRA): 3 years (required) testing Data migration: 2 years (required) SQL Server Management Studio, Visual Studio: 1 year (preferred) Azure DevOps or Team Foundation Server: 1 year (preferred) performing Functional and Non-Functional tests: 5 years (required) Quality Control/Testing Certification (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID17:
Permanent & full-time work. Group employee insurance program Group RRSP program with employer matching Reimbursement of certain fitness and sports activities expenses Reimbursement for a professional degree Continuous training and professional development Corporate values that promote respect, listening, integrity, creativity and innovation 
ScrapedJobID18:
Criminal E-Intake (CeI) - an online solution that will allow the police to electronically submit charge packages and supporting process documents for review and consideration by a Justice of the Peace in Intake Court Digital Evidence Management (DEM) - a cloud-based SaaS solution to manage, store and share multimedia evidentiary files, ensuring secure, anytime/anywhere access across the justice sector by justice partners and stakeholders Digital Disclosure & Hearing Hub (D2H2) - an online cloud-based solution enabling both secure electronic document and evidence sharing during virtual court hearings Criminal Courts Case Management Systems and Portal (New ICON) – Modernization of the existing mainframe based criminal case management system (ICON) and tools available to the Courts to enhance and improve data-sharing. Integration – an integration platform for secure exchange of data and documents between justice sector partners delivering anytime/anywhere access to criminal matters between various systems. 21 College Street, Toronto 200 First Avenue West, North Bay Develop test strategies for application portfolios Define quality assurance targets Lead and promote a load testing discipline among projects Coordinate with testers in identifying load testing artifacts Perform IT application tests Participate in cluster project management, risk management, development and issues management activities Ensure that quality assurance guidelines and processes align with existing Cluster and OPS QA and I&IT standards Prepare, validate, automate and execute all related test cases and test scripts Lead the test planning activities, confirm acceptance of proposed test schedules, assign script writing and script execution to test resources Ensure a rigorous approach to quality assurance is used for UAT (User Acceptance Testing) Acts as a key liaison and focal point, providing information on and leading activities for the Cluster project teams Review and analyze client business requirements for system changes and upgrades to determine testing requirements Develop/participate in new system designs and enhancements. You have demonstrated experience in testing and implementing web and portal based applications You have an understanding of technology platforms: operating systems, database technologies, application development languages, client desktops, mobile, middleware, Web Services, Service Oriented Architecture, networks, firewalls and telecommunications protocols You have knowledge of QA Testing Methodology (testing tools, processes and standards, types of testing: Functional, Integration, System, Regression, User Acceptance, Migration/Conversion) You have tested applications within the different frameworks and platforms such as J2EE, .NET, Domino, IMS, Oracle, and others You have knowledge of industry best practices and testing tools such as Selenium, SOAP UI You have experience in test management (Test Plan, Test Scenarios, Test Cases and Test Execution) defect management (Defect Life Cycle and Triage) and Test Execution Reporting You have knowledge of n-tier web-based applications You have an understanding of governing policies, processes, and procedures, understanding the use of the application being tested, as well as the test tools You are knowledgeable on software design and development methods, general technical and functional use of application being tested You are able to acquire and apply sound knowledge of clients QA needs and business environment, to define scope of work You have analytical skills to ensure compliance with quality control guidelines, assess quality control findings and make decisions on the quality acceptability You can review and analyze client and ministry business requirements for system changes and updates You possess conceptual skills to see the big picture and assist in integrating QA/testing processes and standards You can collaborate with teams in order to identify and address testing/QA problems You can mentor team members, develop and encourage team work and high performance You can effectively liaise and facilitate communication with numerous internal and external stakeholders You have demonstrated customer service and consensus building skills to determine client expectations and ensure they meet organizational goals You have the ability to work effectively in a team and act as a team leader You have demonstrated written skills to document Testing artifacts (Test Cases, Scenarios and others) 2 Temporary, duration up to 12 months, 655 Bay St, Toronto, Toronto Region or 200 First Ave W, North Bay, North Region T-SL-172647/21(2)
The information that you provide for the purpose of this competition and the results from this competition may be used to fill other positions. These positions may be of various tenures, including short-term assignments. Your information and the results from this competition will be retained for the purpose of filling vacancies in accordance with the applicable collective agreement or policy provisions.
Effective October 1, 2021, the OPS COVID-19 Safe Workplace Directive requires all Ontario Public Service employees to provide proof they are fully vaccinated, meaning they are fully vaccinated as defined by the Ministry of Health (refer to: COVID-19 Fully Vaccinated Status in Ontario), including 14 calendar days have passed since receiving their final dose of the COVID-19 vaccine.


Employees who do not provide proof of full vaccination will be deemed ‘not vaccinated' under the Directive and will be required to attend a vaccine education program and undergo regular rapid antigen testing. Employees who are not vaccinated under the policy with a valid medical exemption will not be required to attend a vaccine education program but must undergo regular rapid antigen testing. 
ScrapedJobID19:
Work with the development team to analyze and review business requirements to create test plans for new features, improvements, and bug fixes. Create and contribute to maintaining our test strategies as part of the ongoing effort to improve the overall quality of the product. Review development and testing processes to provide suggestions for improvements. Conduct functional, integration, and regression tests of the assigned product areas. Manage weekly product releases, including release testing, coordination, and sign-off. Maintain and update test environments. Run manual tests for new features and functionality. Contribute to automation testing and frameworks where necessary/applicable. Participate in continuous improvement initiatives inside your team and within the greater QA department. Experience with creating test plan and test strategies. Experience with web application testing. Familiar with software testing methodologies. Experience with test automation. 2+ years of experience with manual software testing. Strong troubleshooting and analytical skills. Able to work cooperatively and effectively in an agile team environment. Experience with Azure DevOps, JIRA, or similar work management software. Experience working in an Agile development processes and within a Scrum team. Excellent verbal and written communication is a must. Experience with test automation development, including C# and Selenium, is a plus. Experience with performance testing is a plus. Experience using Customer Relation Management software (Microsoft Dynamic CRM, Salesforce, SAP, etc.) is a plus. 
ScrapedJobID20:
High-energy Collaborative Environment: JANA combines the energy of a start-up with the discipline of a precision engineering firm Regular Social Events: Join the entire JANA Team for fun Social Events like our Weekly Beer Club, Annual Birthday Bonspiel, Ice Cream Parties, Cinco de Mayo… even an Easter Egg Hunt! Best-in-Class Benefits: JANA offers all employees a comprehensive benefits package including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Disability and Gym Membership coverage Work closely with Product and Software teams to develop test plans in line with product releases Review and analyze product specifications to formulate test processes and develop test cases Execute test cases (manual or automated) and analyze results Developing testing practices Help to trouble shoot issues and provide repeatable steps for identifying issues Report bugs and errors to software team Conduct internal and post implementation testing including regression testing, SIT testing, etc. Work with cross functional teams to ensure quality throughout the software development life cycle Undergraduate degree preferably in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent experience. 3+ years proven work experience in web software quality assurance Proven experience in developing QA practices Strong ability to communicate both in written and verbal forms Experience writing clear concise test plans and test cases Acute attention to detail and able to both analyse and solve problems Hands-on experience with black box testing Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process Proven history of finding and reporting software bugs and shipping high quality software products Experience working with automated test frameworks such as Selenium, Visual Studio Unit Testing Tools, Jasmine, etc. Experience with load and performance testing Experience working with MS SQL to create test data and write simple queries Experience with white box testing The JANA Way: Functions in alignment with JANA's Values and Professional Culture Speaking/Presenting: Clearly articulates ideas, opinions and information in technical presentations and discussions so that the intended purpose is achieved, and the needs of the audience are met Collaboration: Works effectively with others to achieve positive results Problem solving: Able to analyze complex problems and formulate different points of attack to come up with viable solutions 
ScrapedJobID21:
or equivalent experience Quality assurance and control Production machinery Laboratory testing and analysis Food and/or beverage processing International Organization for Standardization (ISO) Inventory control software Participate in safety audits and programs Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) Sanitation Robotic equipment and systems Quality improvement Internal audit Development of facilities and systems Development of industrial health plans Development of production processes Development of quality assurance programs Development of safety and fire prevention plans Train workers in duties and policies Produce reports Oversee the collection and analysis of data and information Ensure that the quality of products meets established standards Enforce policies and procedures Ensure adherence to government regulations Develop manufacturing and processing procedures Develop and carry out health, safety and fire prevention plans Develop and conduct production, inventory and quality assurance programs Conduct work measurement or other studies Conduct safety training programs Collect and analyze data and samples Collect and compile operational or experimental data Recommend corrective or enforcement action MS Excel MS Word MS Outlook Sanitation and hygiene HACCP (Hazard Analysis Critical Control Points) knowledge Canadian Food Inspection Agency (CFIA) regulations Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits Vision Care Benefits Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID22:
Innovation – you’re a creative thinker, and have no problem coming up with unconventional solutions when needed. For you, problems are just solutions waiting to happen. Communication – you can work with multiple teams and ensure that everyone is on the same page. Whether you’re talking to tech support or management, you’re a natural when it comes to keeping everyone in the loop. Time management – balancing multiple and competing priorities isn’t a problem for you because you’ve always got an eye on the big picture. You understand that what gets done today affects what’s going to be happening a week, or even months from now. Post-secondary degree in computer science or similar. Experience writing and executing test plans. Experience creating full regression plans, accounting for usability concerns, and risk assessments. Experience with JIRA or other tracking tools/software. Proficiency with QA testing practices and strategies. Experience with Agile Environment. Expert level general computer skills, and ability to learn new software/applications. Experience in web development and database technologies. Experience with automation and performance testing. Experience in basic software development/programming would be an asset. 
ScrapedJobID23:
Oversee and execute test cases and test strategies for products, features, and patches, in an effort to eliminate functionality and UI imperfections; Maintain updated testing documentation as products and features are added; Work closely with technical members of the Product Engineering team during testing; Work with clients on joint testing initiatives; Support the creation of release notes prior to deployments; Implement metrics and tools for the company's testing performance while developing and advocating for software QA processes that fit into a sprint-based agile development environment; Develop a road map to continue improving the QA process as the business grows. 2+ years of experience in related positions. Degree or diploma in Business, Computer Science, Engineering or a related field of study. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, both verbal and written. Ability to work independently on projects, with tight deadlines, under minimal supervision. Demonstrated ability to perform with significant responsibility in a dynamic environment where decisions are made rapidly. Experience working with Data-driven Applications in a Cloud environment is an asset. Experience in the Wealth Management and/or Brokerage and Securities industries is an asset. 
ScrapedJobID24:
Designing automated test cases Reporting test results Coordinate, execute, and measure QA/testing activities Support other team members in QA/testing activities Apply skills in a suitable manner for the best Quality Control outcome Collaborate on testing design and problem-solving with technical and non-technical teams, stakeholders, and decision-makers Participate in sales by providing technical insights, including estimation and technical proposals Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field Test case design and reporting skills Passion for Software testing, quality assurance, and solutions testing Knowledge and hands-on experience of automation and test management tool(s) Understanding of functional testing QA concepts, regression testing, sanity testing, system testing, UAT testing Experience of cloud environments Experience how to use source code control e.g. GIT for test version control Experience in system testing in a corporate environment Excellent communications skills, with the ability to collaborate well with both technical and non-technical audiences, both written and orally Experience in agile/scrum methodologies Experience working with remote / distributed teams and projects Understanding of DevOps concepts Test automation scripting skills with the keyword-driven framework. Experience on Robot Framework Remote interview process Social distancing guidelines in place Temporarily working fully remote Virtual meetings 
ScrapedJobID25:
Responsible for the full QA testing lifecycle from designing test plans, execution of test cases, to tracking and resolution of defects for moderately complex changes. Works with Software Development and Platform teams to understand business requirements and provide input into the technical solution. Understands the alignment between business processes and platforms to design tests that will simulate how the end user will perform their functions and pushes the boundaries of the platform. This will also include regression testing. Understand the value of automation and identify opportunities best suited for creating automated test scripts. Work closely with the QA team to drive testing efficiencies by providing inputs that will improve the overall QA process Provide regular status updates of testing activities to Manager and projects and summarize issues encountered in a timely and accurate manner Mentors junior members on the team Bachelor's degree required; or equivalent work experience Minimum 3 years of experience with QA and / or development, IT, browser based applications Proficiency in QA process, best practices, methodologies, Software Development Life Cycle, test automation, manual testing and defect management tools Highly proficient in leading large scale projects or significant project steps and communicating progress/approach with technical/non-technical peers/clients and leaders. Proficiency in payment systems and the merchant acquiring business is an asset 
ScrapedJobID26:
Working with the Technology Project Manager and developers to clarify testing requirements for updates and enhancements Testing updates in upcoming releases Testing new functionality added during large projects Delegating QA tasks to business testers (where applicable) Creating, tracking, modifying and closing bug tickets Updating and resolving issues in error tracking system after fixes have been deployed to production environments Developing and maintaining a master list of use cases used for testing Working with the Data Analyst to update the seeding test data based on the addition and revision of use cases Working with developers to incorporate new tests into automated tests for CI/CD process Participating in project development planning sessions to better understand deliverables of the project Developing test plans with the Technology Project Manager for larger projects Developing and maintaining automated test suites including those used for functional, integration and unit testing (where applicable) Maintaining documentation of QA processes Maintaining documentation of development best practices and guideline documentation as they relate to testing Following industry best practices for QA of Vue and PHP web applications Providing regular reports of QA activities to the Technology Project Manager College or university degree in computer science, software engineering or a related field. Equivalent experience may be considered. 3+ years of software and web application testing experience Experience in identifying high value test areas in web applications Experience with testing complex web applications Experience with cross browser testing Experience with desktop, tablet and mobile device testing Experience with automated testing tools Experience with Accessibility (WCAG) testing Understanding of data driven and API testing Test planning experience Knowledge of any testing frameworks Some experience in a professional software development environment Some knowledge of programming (nice to have) An analytical thinker A great communicator - someone with excellent verbal and written communication skills Willing to work flexible hours to get projects completed Comfortable in a start-up environment Someone with strong attention to detail Someone with a passion for data Proactive in problem solving Adaptable and able to handle multiple, conflicting priorities Passionate about innovation, technology & growing business Able to quickly learn and adapt to new technologies and processes Flexible schedule On-site parking Work from home Monday to Friday Are you legally authorized to permanently work in Canada or the US? quality assurance: 3 years (required) English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID27:
Create automated functional and regression tests Create, maintain, and execute software test plans and test cases for software features and customer use case scenarios Assist in other activities as needed Software testing automation experience Strong understanding of Quality Assurance testing methodology and processes A passion and aptitude for software excellence and desire to continuously expand your skills and knowledge A minimum of 6 months experience developing test cases for functional, performance, and regression testing (preferably back-end) Some experience with API testing (REST, JSON) Degree or Diploma (preferably in Computer Science, IT, Engineering, GIS, or similar) Excellent written and verbal communication skills within an agile and collaborative environment A passion and aptitude for software excellence and desire to continuously expand your skills and knowledge Good debugging skills Strong understanding of Quality Assurance testing methodology and processes Opportunity to play a foundational role at a well-funded startup with major clients and revenue Work with people like yourself—talented and thoughtful; passionate about solving challenging problems Unlimited vacation policy (we're serious about this - do great work, have fun and live life) Internet Reimbursement 
ScrapedJobID28:
Work closely with product and development team members, in an agile environment. During the design phase, define test cases to drive clear development objectives. During the development phase, build a culture of collaborative quality assurance between developers and QA to execute unit tests / integration tests / end-to-end tests to ensure that acceptance criteria has been met. During the release phase, establish CI/CD processes and ensure that only quality code is pushed live. On an ongoing basis, build automated tests for functionality and performance. Also, build and perform manual testing procedures. Champion the importance of error free software across the organization, and develop processes for all departments to provide input into QA. Identify and resolve gaps in test coverage. Investigate, document, prioritize, bug reports. Communicate the status and results of tests. Document test processes and new features. Possess at least 3 years experience in setting up automated software QA testing including test case creation, execution and defect management and reporting. Have experience with all stages of application testing (e.g., Functional, Integration, Regression & User Acceptance). Have a proven track record of learning new systems and technologies quickly. Are experienced in an agile work environment. Possess strong analytical skills and technical aptitude with keen attention to detail. Have deep experience with applying risk based testing methods. Have experience with Selenium automation tools and defect tracking software. Possess strong understanding of API testing. Are a strong collaborator with an ability to work with teammates to scope and solve complex problems. Experienced in developing CI/CD pipelines that optimize the software development life cycle. Have strong interpersonal and documentation skills. Can define priorities independently and show initiative. Love what you do and are hungry to learn new skills. Are highly motivated and conscientious. Have a passion for our mission of connecting people with health care. Knowledge of health care or community service sector Speaking and writing French 
ScrapedJobID29:
Automates API and firmware test cases using REST Assured and Jenkins Develops, executes and analyzes automated test results Understands client usage of the software to develop appropriate automated test cases and acceptance test criteria Actively participate in Agile daily stand-ups, Sprint Planning and retrospective meetings In uncovering defects also works with development team to help determine root cause. Responsible for follows-up and updates of defects in Jira Participates in efforts to continuously improve test practices Perform all other related duties. University degree in Computer science or computer/electrical engineering 0-2 years experience, new grads with relevant internship experience are welcome. important: Strong ability of performing manual and automated tests with hardware equipment. The candidate will need to automate end-to-end system tests up to the end hardware we sell to our customers, such as our locks and encoders Important: Strong Java object-oriented coding skills Strong ability of using a combination of manual, automated and semi-automated test approach to implement and execute test cases Strong experience with REST Assured and Jenkins Experience with test and automation of applications running Apple and Android platforms Hands on experience with network troubleshooting, ability to troubleshoot issues using Wireshark Strong Scripting experience is an asset Good knowledge of web-based applications Hands on experience working with virtual machines. Very important: strong ability to automate APIs using REST Assured. Very good oral and written communication skills in both official languages (bilingual) Ability to handle several issues simultaneously. Team player, good interpersonal skills and autonomous. Strong customer focus, understanding of the customer’s viewpoint. Goals oriented, proactive A fast-growing international company A stimulating, fast and friendly work environment An opportunity to highly contribute to the success of the company Competitive global compensation Free parking and on-site cafeteria A 3-minute walk from Namur metro station. 
ScrapedJobID30:
Conduct the QA review of production Device Master Record documentation, including work instructions and traveller templates Perform QA review of production documentation associated with quality issues, including deviations, nonconformities, discrepancies, and reworks Perform QA review of Device History Records (DHRs) to support finished goods release Review and execute the QA release of incoming materials and in-process goods Assist with root cause investigation (e.g. targeted DHR review) Conduct the QA review of equipment documentation, including but not limited to qualification, maintenance, and calibration records Review verification and validation documentation, including but not limited to test plans and reports for equipment qualification, process validation, engineering studies, design verification, engineering change requests, etc. Provide QA input into process validation activities Conduct the QA review of software tool implementation and validation documentation, such as requirements documents, validation plans, test protocols, test reports, etc. Participate in the QA coordination of change control activities Participate in Kardium’s internal audit program as needed Oversee and manage various QMS project activities assigned to QA Perform document control tasks such as assuring that the review and approval of controlled documents is in accordance with Kardium policies and procedures, and maintaining quality records per established procedures Perform other QA tasks as required Bachelor of science degree in a technical discipline (e.g., engineering, pharmaceutical sciences, biotechnology, etc.) At least 3 years’ QA experience in a manufacturing environment in the biotechnology industry; experience in QMS planning and implementation an asset Strong, in-depth, working knowledge of ISO 13485, FDA QSR and QMS requirements of the European MDD; organizational awareness of quality management system implementation and operations Thorough knowledge of documentation and record control systems; experience with electronic document and electronic record management systems an asset Strong analytical skills and critical thinking Effective written and verbal communication and technical documentation skills High proficiency in MS Word/Excel an asset Able to operate independently with minimal direction Work efficiently with the ability to be innovate and identify creative solutions Complete multiple tasks in a timely and thorough manner (i.e. organized and detail-oriented) Excellent interpersonal skills including the ability to resolve conflict with poise, diplomacy, and tact Ability to work effectively as part of a team and collaborate with staff at all levels Flexible and adaptable to take on additional responsibilities as appropriate 
ScrapedJobID31:
Prepare and maintain test plans and test cases following client specifications. Prepare test scripts – manual and automated. Perform functional testing across different test levels: component, integration system, and acceptance to ensure high-quality releases. Execute test plans, monitor test execution, and ensure that sufficient testing is carried out before go-live. Carry out other testing tasks as agreed with the Test Manager. Liaise with business users, business analysts, and developers to ensure that planned testing meets project requirements. Assist clients during User and/or Business Acceptance Testing. Prompt attendance to, and constructive participation in, internal and client meetings as required. Provide pre-sales and post-sales technical support to clients and others from time to time as required. Research and/or obtain technical or specialist advice from internal or external resources when necessary. Keep track of advancements in the industry to ensure that the company is developing leading-edge products and services and that the testing systems are as up to date and rigorous as possible. Perform testing research as time is available. Create accurate and high quality reports on time and in the format specified by the company. Highlight project risks promptly providing appropriate suggestions to mitigate the risk. Create, review or revise internal documentation ensuring it is of high quality. Provide general production support and specific incident analysis and resolution as required. Provide input into production support issues as requested by the Production Support team. Make suggestions for and delivery of positive change within the Test team and the supported production environments. Offer and or promote alternative technical solutions to business problems. Complete administrative tasks in an accurate and timely manner. Comply with safe working practices following Health and Safety Policy and Procedures. Observe and comply with policy procedures and quality management systems. Positively and actively support effective communication, encourage and provide constructive feedback. Support Teranet’s overall organizational vision, values, and culture. Assist others with the selection of approaches, methods, and/or services as required. Any other reasonable duties as required. Tertiary level degree in computer science, software engineering, or equivalent experience. Minimum of 5 years’ experience in functional testing, system testing, and system integration testing including test automation Strong analytical skills and the ability to read and understand formal technical specifications. Willingness to learn new technology and keep pace with the improvements of the testing process. You are not afraid to ask questions, challenge assumptions, and be challenged in return. You are flexible, adaptable, and have strong attention to detail You demonstrate appropriate levels of initiative by thinking outside the box and providing appropriate suggestions or implementing changes as appropriate to the job level. You can manage multiple workloads within appropriate timescales, making use of available tools and resources. You demonstrate position-specific knowledge required to complete tasks; Picks up new skills quickly. Market-competitive pay structures Paid Vacation & Sick Leaves Maternity, Parental and/or Adoption Leave Top-Up Program 100% Employer-Paid Health Benefit Plan Retirement Savings Plans with Employer Matching Scheme Ongoing Financial Wellness Seminars Corporate Discounted Programs + Wellness Program Employee Assistance Program (EAP) for our employees and their families! 
ScrapedJobID32:
Test new software and hardware features Test products before they ship to customers Assess and triage defects identified in field Update QA tracking documents and create defect reports Improve testing with automation and process improvements Collaborate development with software engineers Diploma candidate for Software Engineering, Computer Programming or a similar degree Experience with Linux and shell scripting Experience working with embedded devices Experience with Git/Gitlab Strong documentation practices Exceptional communication skills, written, oral and interpersonal communication skills High level of attention to detail and accountability Exposure to and knowledge of electrical systems Experience working within a startup Entry Level Full time position which includes employee benefits and options (Great for recent graduates!) Hybrid in office and remote working environment Amazing learning environment within a collaborative, diverse, and fun team Flexible working hours (our core hours are 10:30am to 3:30pm) and flexible remote working Monthly socials (even while we are remote!) Option to take at least 1 long weekend every month (we care about work-life balance) Office (when we return) is near St. Lawrence market within a small office building 
ScrapedJobID33:
Testing miscellaneous components and systems using a combination of manual and auto-testing techniques Prepare and maintain test environments involving various applications, network devices, and servers Perform unit tests and integrity tests of environments Develop and maintain tools for automated tests and reporting using shell script or other scripting languages Work closely with developers to ensure defects are correctly identified and fixed Knowledge of TCP/IP networking, firewalls, switching, and packet sniffers Knowledge of various Unix/Linux platforms Familiar with system installations, configurations, and troubleshooting Demonstrated ability to logically and analytically troubleshoot software and basic network issues Highly motivated, positive, and responsible and able to work in a collaborative environment Excellent language skills in English - oral and written Experience in any of the following is an asset: Prior experience in VLAN and VxLAN, DNS, KVM Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or similar 
ScrapedJobID34:
or equivalent experience Microsoft Visio Microsoft Visual Studio Eclipse Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Python Computer Internet access Java MS Office C# Salesforce Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID35:
Collaborate with designers, engineers, project managers and product managers to understand feature and improvement specifications, and develop testing plans to assure the quality of these features and improvements can be achieved within development timelines Plan for upcoming features and schedule testing in a team of peers Execute test plans and seek to refine methodologies over time Assist with product releases and live issue diagnosis as needed Have passion for the game and a sensitivity to the user experience - play a lot Ideally you have experience with video game testing in a live ops environment; short of this, software testing experience in consumer web or other high-concurrency environment Excellent communication skills and ability to be a team player in a fast paced environment Familiarity with common software QA practices and tools, including Jira 
ScrapedJobID36:
Note: Valid proof of a completed COVID-19 vaccination series is an employment requirement. Testing Houdini to help ensure that it is of the highest quality possible Testing new and existing features in Houdini trying to break them in order to discover areas of the software that can be improved Build test cases, simulate customer workflows and demonstrate how to reproduce bugs so that they can be fixed by our talented team of programmers Validate, update and create new node examples Other duties as assigned Minimum 2-4 years experience with Houdini (school projects included) Currently pursuing or have completed a Computer Animation and/or FX degree Excellent communication and presentation skills Strong problem solving skills with a keen attention to detail is a must have Some experience with modelling, animating, rendering and visual effects is necessary Ability to locate and investigate issues and track them in a database Experience on Windows, OSX, and Linux (we test on all three) Ability to work well in a team environment with a positive demeanor An independent learner with an eagerness to learn unfamiliar areas of Houdini Ideal candidates will have production experience in film, TV, or games 3D software testing/development experience Python scripting Experience with other 3D packages like Maya, 3DS Max, Blender, Softimage, etc 
ScrapedJobID37:
You bring a wealth of experience bringing technology to life You have distinctive problem-solving skills and impeccable business judgment You possess excellent written and verbal communication skills Thrive in a fast paced, but rewarding environment A curious nature and a drive to continuously learn and improve Drive innovation and streamline overall Testing Process The role has expectations to evolve into a leadership position over the QA team and QA contractors. Work with software developers to develop unit tests Oversee and execute test cases in early stages Implement metrics and tools for test coverage and performance while developing and advocating for software QA processes and quality systems that fit into a sprint-based agile development processes Develop a realistic forward looking road map to further develop of the QA process as the business grows Develop stable and robust automated regression tests and test automation frameworks. Management of engineering requirements and traceability to test coverage while extending and improving current root-cause analysis processes Support risk analysis, and failure mode effect analysis process Owner of source code and documentation, responsible for version control, release management, and data repositories. Interact efficiently with the development team Ability to set up CI/CD pipelines White-box Functional, Test Automation and Performance testing. Perform related duties as assigned, within your scope of practice Analyze and clarify requirements with a business analyst Create test plans and write/execute manual tests for backend applications and APIs. Write test cases and automation test scripts Conduct functional testing Document errors (create tickets) Identify problem areas in products, and log them to a tracking system Discuss fixes with developers Track the life cycle of errors Work effectively with the Development team to quickly isolate, report & debug issues & bugs. Re-test fixed defects Perform related daily duties as assigned, within your scope of practice Maintain test documentation Maintain configuration and source control Clear backlogs and identify bottlenecks The QA lead will also be responsible for configuration management, version control, and release management. Perform related weekly duties as assigned, within your scope of practice Monitor and control the QA process Perform scalability and load testing of APIs, Services and Big Data Pipeline Jobs. Perform related monthly duties as assigned, within your scope of practice Analyze the testing process Identify deficiencies in the process Recommend solutions and enhancements Implement solutions enhancements Optimize and improve the testing process Perform related quarterly duties as assigned, within your scope of practice Plan/re-visit the QA/testing process Update and scale the process as needed Identify additional required resources and tools Perform related annual duties as assigned, within your scope of practice Daily scrum stand-up Monthly report on products testing performance Quarterly/Annual reports on process performance and enhancements Produce related reports as assigned, within your scope of practice QA management plan Configuration management plan Issue logs (tickets) Performance reports Produce related deliverables as assigned, within your scope of practice Familiarity with JIRA or other issue tracking software AWS is an asset QA automation tools Visio or other workflow development tools Undergraduate Degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or other related field is an asset Graduate degree of certification in Software Quality Assurance is an asset quality assurance: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID38:
Testing Houdini to help ensure that it is of the highest quality possible Testing new and existing features in Houdini trying to break them in order to discover areas of the software that can be improved Build test cases, simulate customer workflows and demonstrate how to reproduce bugs so that they can be fixed by our talented team of programmers Validate, update and create new node examples Other duties as assigned Minimum 3-5 years experience with Houdini Computer Animation and/or FX degree or equivalent industry experience, with a record of academic and professional excellence. Excellent communication and presentation skills Strong problem solving skills with a keen attention to detail is a must have Experience with modelling, animating, rendering and visual effects is necessary Ability to locate and investigate issues and track them in a database Experience on Windows, OSX, and Linux (we test on all three) Ability to work well in a team environment with a positive demeanor An independent learner with an eagerness to learn unfamiliar areas of Houdini Ideal candidates will have production experience in film, TV, or games 3D software testing/development experience Python scripting Experience with other 3D packages like Maya, 3DS Max, Blender, Softimage, etc. Hybrid Work option - A great office in Downtown Toronto (right across from Union station) with the flexibility to work from home (most roles). You can help us test out our Hybrid Pilot Project 3 weeks’ vacation to relax and re-energize Health insurance coverage including a Health Service Spending Account (HSSA only for Canadian employees), for you and your dependents (only permanent employees) Employee Assistance Program (EAP); because sometimes we need a bit of extra support Retirement Plan with company matched contributions (only permanent employees) A highly competitive bonus structure (only permanent employees) A generous sick time entitlement to care for yourself and your loved ones Because you want to be part of a unique experience and winning team that has won an Oscar and an Emmy (Cool, right?) Because you want to be part of an industry-leading company that is constantly mindfully growing Because you want to work with some of the most talented people in the industry on a ground-breaking product Because you want to work with people from all around the world Because you want to be part of an exciting and fun industry Because you want to join and add to a positive, supportive and respected company culture Because you want your job to be GREAT! Location
Toronto, Ontario Department
Research and Development Employment Type
Full-Time Minimum Experience
Experienced 
ScrapedJobID39:
Programmatic independent reporting and support Technical solution alignment Quality system maintenance and support Programmatic Support and Independent Reporting Supports contract negotiations including identifying relevant quality-related clauses as applicable. Estimates, prioritizes, plans and coordinates QA activities including tailoring standard processes as appropriate relative to pursuit or project needs. Defines corresponding work package(s) including specification of schedule and budget. Authors detailed Quality Assurance Plans and ensures appropriate stakeholder involvement. Provides QA leadership within pursuit/project and process execution contexts by engaging local leadership. Acts as a quality liaison with corresponding external parties representing the customer or subcontractors/suppliers. Reviews pursuit/project plans for conformance to the CQS; reviews other records and documentation, including that being provided to customers, and provides timely and meaningful feedback. Plans, conducts and reports on project audits (including supplier/subcontractor audits) in accordance with the audit schedule, relative to established standards, contracts, plans and processes; completes audit plan and report content. Leads and/or supports preparation for, conduct and followup of customer audits. Manages subcontractor/supplier qualification by confirming relevant risks are identified and appropriately controlled and performance is monitored in accordance with plans and processes. Identifies and initiates records of nonconformance when required, follows up on containment actions as necessary, facilitates determination of root cause(s), and establishes plans for resolution, and confirms completion of corrective actions. Updates and otherwise maintains supporting records. Provides oversight of projects to ensure effective implementation of CQS requirements and participates in pursuit/project team meetings including risk reviews and significant milestone meetings. Leads and/or facilitates the identification of lessons learned and tracks their realization as appropriate. Represents QA interests in multi-stakeholder meetings including presenting information to customers and other interested parties and responding to related inquiries. Elevates quality concerns (including where aspects of ‘reasonable’, ‘sufficient’, ‘adequate’, ‘relevant’ and ‘appropriate’ proves contentious) among leadership and other stakeholders along the prescribed escalation path. Performs status reporting as necessary including authoring content and presenting on specific topics. Assures solution requirements are appropriately addressed in terms of elements of design, implementation deliverables and subsequent verification and validation activities. Assures the configuration of solution deliverables is sufficiently specified and controlled. Works with project leadership and customer representation to establish that release criteria are prospectively defined and reflective of quality objectives to be achieved. Leads and/or supports the establishment and conduct of source or incoming inspections for materials or services that appropriately address quality requirements. Where manufacturing and/or assembly activities are required (on or offsite), establishes with technical leadership the positioning and content/scope of relevant checks and inspections (i.e. readiness/ in-process/ finished component). Confirms the work environment is sufficiently established to perform relevant activities (as applicable), including:
Equipment calibration and tool validation is established through available evidence.
Relevant environment parameters are established and maintained through monitoring. Equipment calibration and tool validation is established through available evidence. Relevant environment parameters are established and maintained through monitoring. Works with technical leadership to help define the inputs for integration activities and the applicable corresponding verification and validation activities. Chairs and/or participates in Change Control Boards (CCBs) and Material Review Boards (MRBs) to confirm effective dispositioning of solution components for subsequent activities. Leads and/or supports the conduct of independent test witnessing as required and performance of Test Readiness Reviews (TRRs) and Test Review Boards (TRBs). Reviews and approves technical documentation to confirm:
Requirements have been sufficiently addressed,
Identified risks have been adequately regarded,
Documentation provided is reasonably free of inconsistencies and discrepancies, and
Determinations made are adequately supported by evidence. Requirements have been sufficiently addressed, Identified risks have been adequately regarded, Documentation provided is reasonably free of inconsistencies and discrepancies, and Determinations made are adequately supported by evidence. Plans, conducts and reports on system (i.e. process) audits in accordance with the audit schedule and relative to established standards, plans and processes; completes audit plan and report content. Leads and/ or supports preparation for, conduct and followup of registration audits. Maintains the integrity of the Approved Suppliers List. Contributes to the continual improvement of MDA's CQS including engaging in process improvement activities and performing (or supporting) process-related training. Mentors colleagues in the conduct of QA activities and updates personnel development plans accordingly. Provides functional supervision over assigned quality system topic areas to define and maintain consistency in practice and the data-driven determination of effectiveness. Stays informed on QA best practices and applies new knowledge as appropriate within the current work context. Post-secondary degree in Science or Engineering (or equivalent) and at least 3 years of relevant experience (level commensurate with experience). Two or more years of experience leading audits (level commensurate with experience); certification to ISO 9001:2015 (or other certification to an international standard) as an internal auditor considered an asset. Experience working with ISO 9001:2015 (or equivalent, e.g. AS9100-D) requirements within the context of a company quality management system. Significant experience with and a strong understanding of software engineering principles with emphasis on agile development (scrum, kanban, etc.) and integration with DevOps practices. Experience with development of mission-critical software considered an asset. Knowledge of the following standards would be an asset: ISO 14001 Environmental Management, ISO 45001 Occupational Health & Safety Management, and ISO 22301 Business Continuity Management. Requires excellent verbal, written and presentation communication skills. Requires excellent time management and prioritization capabilities. Requires the ability to manage office communication and collaboration computer applications. Requires the ability to work well within a team and liaise with stakeholders at all levels of the organization. Positions are based in Richmond, BC and may include travel. Successful candidate(s) must be able to obtain and hold security clearance at the NATO Secret level and pass security assessment for the Canadian Controlled Goods Program. 
ScrapedJobID40:
Review and provide your input for the product requirements, user experience specifications and technical design specifications. Develop and maintain test strategies, test plans, test cases and present test result for the assigned projects. Contribute with the enhancement of our test automation framework by supporting new features and improving test efficiency. Propose new solutions when needed. Analyze test results and failure analysis. Apply facts/data driven metrics to continuously improve test efficiency. Collaborate improving the product quality by identifying, developing and implementing innovative QA capabilities, strategies, and approaches Develop, operate and maintain a highly automated Continuous Integration tool chain Develop and execute automated test cases during the different phases of testing. That may include also the need of running manual test scenarios when required. Enhance the QA practice by bringing new ideas and improvements to the team. B.S or Diploma degree in computer science, engineering or related experience (5+ years of experience in QA and Dev) Proven QA experience with excellent analytical skills and experience trouble shooting complex systems Strong experience in test automation development, at framework and test case level. Very good programming skills in Python. C/C++ would be a plus. Solid experience working in Agile/Scrum based product development teams. Experience with software development and quality engineering in automotive industry is a big plus. Practical knowledge of ASPICE is a great asset for this role. Excellent problem-solving skills and strong self-reliance. Exceptional attention to detail, interpersonal communication and project management skills. Excellent team player. Proven leadership ability. Capacity to influence peers and other project members to improve the quality of our solutions. Self-motivated, responsible, accountable, can work on tight deadlines and have the discipline to bring projects into closure Solid working knowledge of CI/CD tools (highly recommended) Expert level familiarity with JIRA and Confluence Test case management tools, e.g., TestRail, x-Ray (this is a plus) Experienced in software development and integration and testing of embedded systems in the Automotive domain. Experienced with software development maturity models and their implementation following international standards such as ASPICE, CMMI, ISO etc. Following workplace security protocols and training programs to familiarize with the ways to maintain a safe workplace. Following security procedures to report any suspicious activity. Having respect for corporate security procedures to allow those procedures to be effective. Adhering to company's compliance and regulations. Encouraging to follow a zero tolerance for workplace violence. 
ScrapedJobID41:

ScrapedJobID42:
Test software for functionality, reliability, and/or performance. Report bugs and defects into an online database, ensuring that all necessary information is included and easy to understand. Contribute to the overall Test Plan, by creating, running and scheduling Test Scripts for your assigned game area(s). Effectively communicate the status of your assigned game area(s) to the Production & Development teams. Perform risk analysis and escalate issues to QA management when necessary. Participate in review of requirements and designs, communicating concerns and/or risks to project stakeholders. Provide daily status updates and trends to QA Lead and development team. Senior Quality Assurance Analyst is expected to be responsible for an entire game/scrum area. A minimum of 2 year experience in a Quality Assurance role. At least one shipped product. Experience with QA process and testing terminology. Online testing experience, with an emphasis on cross-play. Experience with Xbox One and/or PS4/PS5 testing. Working knowledge of business tools such as email, spreadsheets, word processors etc. Excellent verbal and written communication skills across multiple audiences. Ability to work within a highly functional cross-discipline team. Experience playing strategy, adventure, open world and survival games. Knowledge of network multiplayer systems, embedded QA methodologies and test automation in general. Experience working on console and PC games. Certification & guideline experience across multiple platforms. Experience leading an internal or external QA team. Experience working from home and communicating remotely. 
ScrapedJobID43:
provide a 360-degree view of regulated entities, presenting all available and significant information about each financial institution enable the automation of routine business processes, providing easier access to and improved quality of, the information needed to assess risk reduce manual data processing and improve information sharing via the 360-degree view of regulated entities Reviews Business Requirements / User Stories to ensure a full understanding of business expectations Reviews functional and design specifications to ensure full understanding of solution or service deliverables Designs, develop and maintain appropriate test cases that include all aspects of solution or service (functionality, data integrity, security, performance, UI, etc.) Performs a full range of testing including but not limited to functional, usability, regression as well as end-user experience level testing for UI, messaging, etc. Identifies any other potential quality issues per defined process and escalates as required Verifies all changes to ensure effective resolution of reported issues Identifies service quality issues, opportunities, and constraints Provides validation and analysis of all reported issues before seeking resolution Provides expert quality assurance / testing advice Flexible schedule Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) QA in large SW Development Environment: 7 years (required) testing Microsoft Dynamics CRM / 365 Applications: 2 years (required) Test Manager or other test management tools (i.e. JIRA): 3 years (required) testing Data migration: 2 years (required) SQL Server Management Studio, Visual Studio: 1 year (preferred) Azure DevOps or Team Foundation Server: 1 year (preferred) performing Functional and Non-Functional tests: 5 years (required) Quality Control/Testing Certification (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID44:
Designing automated test cases Reporting test results Coordinate, execute, and measure QA/testing activities Support other team members in QA/testing activities Apply skills in a suitable manner for the best Quality Control outcome Collaborate on testing design and problem-solving with technical and non-technical teams, stakeholders, and decision-makers Participate in sales by providing technical insights, including estimation and technical proposals Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field Test case design and reporting skills Passion for Software testing, quality assurance, and solutions testing Knowledge and hands-on experience of automation and test management tool(s) Understanding of functional testing QA concepts, regression testing, sanity testing, system testing, UAT testing Experience of cloud environments Experience how to use source code control e.g. GIT for test version control Experience in system testing in a corporate environment Excellent communications skills, with the ability to collaborate well with both technical and non-technical audiences, both written and orally Experience in agile/scrum methodologies Experience working with remote / distributed teams and projects Understanding of DevOps concepts Test automation scripting skills with the keyword-driven framework. Experience on Robot Framework Remote interview process Social distancing guidelines in place Temporarily working fully remote Virtual meetings 
ScrapedJobID45:
Candidate must be located in US (Remote) or Vancouver, B.C. Perform manual testing, the scope of which will encompass all functionalities of services as a prequel to automation Own projects, from requirement and design reviews to creating a test plan and performing manual testing Partner and communicate with product management and engineering teams to develop and execute test plans for iOS and Android based Tile features Work closely with software developers in the release cycle process Identify, validate, report and track product defects and improvements Ensure that Tile products ship with an exceptional level of quality Continuously learn product knowledge and optimize testing processes Comfortable working in an agile environment Motivated and self-driven Curious and not afraid to seek out and ask questions across different teams Maintain focus while working in complex technologies in a fast paced environment Interested in learning new skills in quality engineering Efficient - Agile - We have daily standups, work in 3 week sprints, followed by a retrospective. We expect great communication, organization, and focus Adaptable - Things change quickly and our team is very collaborative and adaptable We care - Tile is expanding and this comes with some growing pains. We are constantly identifying gaps, calling out processes that aren’t scaling with the business and we sometimes have to take on extra responsibilities 3+ years of manual testing experience Understanding of QA methodologies, life cycle and processes Experience with writing and executing test plans Excellent communication skills and can work unsupervised Experience with Jira and Confluence, or equivalent Experience with testing mobile applications (iOS/Android) Proficient in Java, C# or similar programming languages. Experience developing high quality test strategies and test automation Experience with at least one automation testing tool (Selenium, Appium, Cypress or similar tools) Experience with bluetooth technology Experience with HTTP Proxy tools, Postman, Push notification tools, Xcode, Android Studio, ADB tools, Jenkins Experience with API testing Own equity in the company - every employee is a stakeholder in our future Work with an adept team of people who love what they do Flexible work program Comprehensive health insurance, dental, vision, 401k, and pre-tax commuter deduction Hybrid/ remote work environment, depending on position 
ScrapedJobID46:
Analysis and collaboration - Participate in Business, System and Technical Solution Requirement reviews and contribute/conduct Testing Suitability Analysis and translation of business requirements into test cases. Work collaboratively with test leads, business, business analysts and development teams to clarify all the gaps, to ensure test cases are well defined and test case coverage is complete, to provide precise and detailed input during issues investigations, and actively participate in resolving challenges that could arise during the testing life cycle. Testing Expertise – Contribute to Testing Work Products, to the creation of Test Cases & Traceability Matrix. Develop test cases, scenarios and scripts to ensure quality applications . Execute tests and ensures results achieve documented goals and objectives. Log variances when expected results are not obtained. Execute test scripts using various test tools following the defined testing methodology. Define criteria for testing, analyzes results of testing cycles and presents results. Contribute to the creation of Automated Test Cases/Scripts. You have ability to plan and execute application testing strategies and tactics to ensure software quality at all stages of application development. A plus is if you have understanding of testing techniques and tools of APIs/ Web Services/DB testing (XML, JSON, SQL, Unix / DOS, HTTP, REST/SOAP API testing tools or programming/scripting experience( e.g. Java, Python, VBScript ) ) You understand that success is in the details. You notice things that others don't. You have strong analytical and problem solving skills. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making. You have a degree/diploma in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics or similar. You give meaning to data . You enjoy investigating complex problems, and making sense of information. You're confident in your ability to communicate detailed information in an impactful way. Values matter to you. You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. You put our clients first . You engage with purpose to find the right solutions. You go the extra mile, because it's the right thing to do. Thrive: Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home Connect : Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity Develop: Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, and individual development planning . Prosper: Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID47:
Work closely with product and development team members, in an agile environment. During the design phase, define test cases to drive clear development objectives. During the development phase, build a culture of collaborative quality assurance between developers and QA to execute unit tests / integration tests / end-to-end tests to ensure that acceptance criteria has been met. During the release phase, establish CI/CD processes and ensure that only quality code is pushed live. On an ongoing basis, build automated tests for functionality and performance. Also, build and perform manual testing procedures. Champion the importance of error free software across the organization, and develop processes for all departments to provide input into QA. Identify and resolve gaps in test coverage. Investigate, document, prioritize, bug reports. Communicate the status and results of tests. Document test processes and new features. Possess at least 3 years experience in setting up automated software QA testing including test case creation, execution and defect management and reporting. Have experience with all stages of application testing (e.g., Functional, Integration, Regression & User Acceptance). Have a proven track record of learning new systems and technologies quickly. Are experienced in an agile work environment. Possess strong analytical skills and technical aptitude with keen attention to detail. Have deep experience with applying risk based testing methods. Have experience with Selenium automation tools and defect tracking software. Possess strong understanding of API testing. Are a strong collaborator with an ability to work with teammates to scope and solve complex problems. Experienced in developing CI/CD pipelines that optimize the software development life cycle. Have strong interpersonal and documentation skills. Can define priorities independently and show initiative. Love what you do and are hungry to learn new skills. Are highly motivated and conscientious. Have a passion for our mission of connecting people with health care. Knowledge of health care or community service sector Speaking and writing French 
ScrapedJobID48:
Assists in the development of appropriate research methodology and implementation of research activities (surveys, focus groups, secondary research). Working in teams, identifies data analysis requirements for any given project, determines the most relevant variables for each decision-making scenario and participates in the decision with respect to the research methodology being considered. Uses statistical methods to analyze data to provide insights for data quality reports.
Identifies potential problem areas with proposed data collection, entry, analysis, testing, methodologies, and develops approaches to address these prior to data collection. Executes User Acceptance Tests (UAT) activities to validate analytics reports, checking for data accuracy and usability.
Collects business requirements from end users to create new data quality visualizations as required. Supports the design, analysis, implementation, and training of the data quality dashboard using appropriate software including Banner, PowerBI/Tableau, Excel/SPSS and PowerPoint. Provides training to end-users on features of the existing Power BI reports and acts as a technical expert and support on academic quality systems. Creates, maintains, and manipulates academic quality data to transform data into configurations suitable for reporting and presentations, adhering to all proper procedures for handling confidential data. Supports the curriculum development and renewal team, by gathering curriculum data and mapping reports, conducting course outline quality reviews/analysis reports and presentations and providing curriculum workshop facilitation support, and updating vocational outcomes and other curriculum-related communications Oversees the data collection and gathers internal feedback on enhancements to the Course Outline Management and Mapping (COMMs) system. Designs and data mines curriculum data in support of academic quality findings and objectives, including pathways and gap analyses for GBC credentials. Uses Smartsheet software to track and monitor multiple quality projects (related to new program approvals, annual quality reviews, program quality reviews, strategy, student appeals) across the academic quality area. Supports the submission of annual, comprehensive and program quality self-assessments (PQSAs), degree consent renewals and the College Quality Assurance Audit Process, ensuring they are compiled and submitted to Ontario College Quality Assurance Service, the Post-Secondary Education Quality Assessment Branch and/or the Ministry of Colleges and Universities Works with the webteam to ensure that reports, policies, and quality guidelines are posted on the college’s intranet site in accessible formats. Proofreads and edits program review reports and provide feedback to program reviewers on clarity and consistency across reports. Supports the OAE Management Team by monitoring AE financial records, completing expense and budget transfers/add-ons, providing guidance and oversight for travel coordination and expense claim submission, credit card expense reconciliation (Concur) Liaises with Human Resources for coordination of recruitment, interviewing, and hiring processes. Coordinates the creation of new contracts in Cornerstone and supports the onboarding of new staff. Performs other related duties as assigned. Three-year degree in a research-related field covering research methodology and statistics (e.g. Psychology, Statistics, Mathematics, Business, or related sciences). Information Technology and/or Business Analysis Advanced Diploma or Degree. Must hold Data Visualization Certification and emphasis on data analysis, visualization, integration with CRMs and visualization applications. Minimum five years experience in a research environment (research methodology, statistical analysis, needs assessment and report writing), including practical experience in supporting quantitative and qualitative research projects. Experience working in education, or related fields supporting external promotion, communication, customer service, data processes, research, analytics, business intelligence, leading operational process mapping and process implementation. Proven experience and expertise with mining data from large databases, specifically large Student Information Systems, e.g. Banner. Proficient in data and trend research using Power BI or other related software, including data analyzing, visualization, presentation using Tableau, Access, Visio, Pardot or related software. Strong technical knowledge of Excel, Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS) or database software. Demonstrated experience with training and guiding others. Ability to work in an environment where a diversity of people and situations are regularly encountered Strong organizational skills and excellent attention to detail and problem-solving skills, ability to work with minimal supervision. Demonstrated commitment in delivering excellent service to others as this is key in supporting the success of our students and our College. Strong communication, collaboration, teamwork, and people skills. Flexibility in adapting to change and in participating in consultative decision-making processes. If you are a George Brown College employee, click here to apply via our internal site. If you are an external candidate, go to www.georgebrown.ca and click on the “Employment at George Brown” link or click on the ‘apply’ button to the left of the posted job to apply. Please ensure your resume highlights all relevant education, training and experience that are applicable to the minimum qualifications for this role. The College requires proof of degrees, credentials or equivalencies from accredited regional or federal post-secondary institutions and/or their international equivalents. Credentials may require validation at the time of interviews. First consideration will be provided to internal candidates in accordance with our Support Staff Collective Agreement. 
ScrapedJobID49:
Responsible for the development and monitoring of the Quality Management process within the Project Management Office. Works with the Manager, PMO to recommend action plans for continuous improvement with respect to the Quality Assurance PMO artifacts and / or process. Manages day to day issues and risk management within the scope of responsibility for Quality Management on projects within the PMO. Establishes key objectives for the Quality Management Strategy within the PMO - ensuring these objectives are achieved as outlined to a high quality standard and are in compliance with college policy and procedure. Coordinates and facilitate delivery of Quality Assurance / Testing project objectives. Reviews the over-arching Quality Assurance Approach for the PMO and provide expert knowledge. Creates Quality Assurance Approach for PMO projects – review with Project Manager and Business Stakeholders (as appropriate). Coordinates and facilitate delivery of User Acceptance Testing for PMO projects in the college. Tracks progress and review Quality Assurance tasks to make certain this phase of the project deadlines is met. Tracks Requirements Traceability Matrix – business requirements, test scenarios, test results, defects === to resolution. Ensures User Acceptance Testing sign-off from the Business Owner(s). Assesses Quality Assurance project issues and identify solutions to meet quality and Business Stakeholder goals. Communicates Quality Assurance / Testing status, issues & risks to Project Manager, Business Stakeholders, and project team. Maintains positive business relationships with college business departments with emphasis on a strong internal customer service focus. Develops, maintains and instills PMO staff concepts and strategies for good Quality Assurance process. Assists with actual user testing and be a tester where testers / SMEs are not available. Provides Quality Assurance mentorship to the PMO area to ensure processes are effective and followed in the most diligent and efficient manner. Develops an effective Quality Assurance team environment in collaboration with the Manager, PMO. Ad-hoc presentation for a Quality Assurance Strategy to a BVC group; requires massive adaptability and understanding of the PMO methodology goals. Assists in project inspections, internal audits and developing action plans for Quality Assurance continuous improvement. Serves as the JIRA/Confluence specialist for the PMO: Diploma - Ideally in an IT related field. A minimum of 5 years in Quality Assurance, testing enterprise software. 5 years’ experience in JIRA/Confluence System configuration. Agile designation. An equivalent combination of directly related education and experience may be considered Bachelor’s degree. Experience with Automated Testing Tools, example ServiceNow Automated Test Framework. Experience with Agile methodologies. Proven time management and excellent organizational skills. Simultaneously handle numerous tasks to meet deadlines. Ability to communicate professionally, both written and spoken English. Strong technical aptitude, fast learner and team player. Ability to take direction and contribute constructively to open discussion. Design, document, execute, and maintain test plans and test cases, including automated test scripts. Ensure full lifecycle testing, including functional, integration, regression, performance and load tests. Log defects and track defects through to resolution. Take initiative for quality assurance process improvements, with respect to the Project Management Office Lifecycle. Participate in production release testing. Familiarity with database driven sites. Take initiative for software quality process efficiency and improvements. 
ScrapedJobID50:
Prepare detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases Review requirements, specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback Plan and coordinate testing activities, thoroughly identifying and documenting bugs Build and execute automation scripts using open source tools Organize testing processes for new and existing products to meet client needs Collaborate with internal teams (e.g. developers and product managers) to identify system requirements Review debugging process results Track quality assurance metrics, like defect densities and open defect counts Analyze the causes of non-conforming software and train users to implement solutions Maintain relevant knowledge about new testing tools and test strategies 2+ years' experience of working on a QA Engineer position Significant experience of working in software development teams and using software QA methodologies and tools Solid experience in writing clear, concise and comprehensive test plans and test cases Significant experience with both white box and black box testing Experience with automated testing tools Good knowledge of SQL and scripting Understanding of Agile/Scrum development principles Experience with performance and/or security testing will be a bonus BS or MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or other related area 
ScrapedJobID51:
Evolve and enhance our core SimplePin application Participate in the analysis, elaboration, and estimation of customer requirements and specifications Create and maintain technical documentation Collaborate with application support to analyze, troubleshoot, reproduce, and resolve production issues reported by customers Work with other team members on release planning and deployment activities Be proactive, facilitate knowledge sharing, and continually improve our activities Ensure all personal deliverables are done with highest level of quality Validate development team deliverables if they done according specifications, on time and with highest quality Ensure that the goals and objectives are accomplished within defined timeframes and allocated budgets Analyze business requirements, provide the feedback to stakeholders. Interact and coordinate activities with other departments, external vendors and customers Develops new approaches to solve problems identified during quality assurance activities Communicates significant issues or developments identified and provides recommended process improvements to management Prepares and presents technical and program information to team members and management Support new product development and validations for new and existing products, processes and equipment Completes internal quality system audits Facilitate the execution of Risk Management activities Plan, implement and support continuous integration processes Perform investigation of customer support issues and and work with developers on resolutions Track time and deliver time-sheets on weekly basis Assist in improving our business processes Participate in recruitment process Responsible for testing effort estimation, defect management in JIRA, and release testing Perform technical research and present innovative solutions which contribute to company success Responsible for creating and maintaining testing artefacts for projects and production defects Prepare test plans, test cases, test scripts in accordance with requirements and specifications Perform testing as well assign test activities to Testers Report defects and assist developer in troubleshooting Responsible to creating testing related job aids, training documents, mentoring Testers and Developers Product test reports Prepare User Acceptance Tests and coordinate activities Validate software builds to make sure they are inline with source code repository Plan software releases and manage procedures Manage software configuration scripts and documentation Prepare Sprint reports with key KPIs related to the quality of delivered functionality Regularly interacts with CTO, Scrum Master and Software Development team Enforce highest level of quality across company by providing training to other departments on test practices Other tasks as assigned 5+ years’ software engineering and IT experience with at least 3 years in Quality Assurance Extensive knowledge of SDLC practices Experience using software best practices like Test-Driven Development (TDD) and Continuous Integration (CI) Worked as part of Scrum teams or similar iterative Agile development methodologies Have detailed understanding of Configuration and Change Management Processes, Procedures and Policies Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in software engineering or computer science Experience with system and regression testing Practiced continuous improvement and promoted knowledge sharing Strong organizational skills, capable of managing assigned tasks and meeting deadlines Experience with project management, including AGILE, SCRUM and Waterfall Multi-tasking capabilities with ability to adjust to paced environment Works under minimal supervision, with general guidance from technical management Exceptional personal skills and ability to clearly and effectively communicate both verbally and in writing Attention to details Strong problem-solving skills Ability to maintain confidentiality as appropriate Fluent in spoken and written English is a plus Proficiency in Unix Operation Systems with experience in Linux / Bash scripting Familiarity with public Cloud providers (AWS, GCE, Azure) Experience with test automation tools such as Selenium Knowledge of Atlassian products, including JIRA, Confluence and Service desk Basic knowledge of Java, HTML, javascript, and CSS is plus Knowledge of Zephyr is a plus Basic understanding of SQL is a plus Knowledge of development and build tools such as Jenkins, GIT, Subversion, Maven, Ant, Gradle etc.) Proficient with Microsoft Office tools, defect management tools, document management tools and versioning tools Experience with financial math is a plus Chief Technology Officer (CTO) Quality Assurance 
ScrapedJobID52:
Work collaboratively with BAs, product owners and developers to ensure the understanding of the overall intent of project. Review functional and design specifications to ensure full understanding of individual deliverables. Develop, document, and maintain functional test cases and other test artifacts like the test data, data validation, harness scripts and automated scripts. Comply with company’s QA standards; provide daily test execution progress and technical reports on testing when required. Execute and evaluate manual or automated test cases and report test results. Prioritize identified issues with developers and BAs to ensure issues are addressed efficiently. Conduct regression testing at each phase of pre-production to continually identify potential issues. Conduct performance testing after all changes to the application to ensure minimal impact to the user experience at various levels of simultaneous users. Conduct smoke testing post release to identify any remaining issues impacting user experience. Conduct periodic exploratory testing to stress test the systems and identify opportunities for future improvement. Knowledge of the software development life cycle, testing strategies, tools, and QA methodologies. Quick learner with proven ability to work under minimal guidance. Experience with performance testing is considered an asset Self-motivated, flexible, and creative in problem solving Detailed-oriented, thorough, with excellent organizational and analytical skills. Excellent organizational, analytical, and interpersonal skills. Remote and Hybrid Work Opportunities Grow your career with challenging and rewarding work that makes a difference Opportunity to give back through our social responsibility initiatives Work with a fun, passionate, travel-loving team! Great travel perks! Free Parking Open concept, collaborative workspace See for yourself! @sunwinglife 
ScrapedJobID53:
Represent the company as the Quality Person in Charge (QPIC) for Health Canada. Elaborating internal processes for the development of the people from Quality Assurance department Generating of annual product quality review. Reviewing Quality Agreements. Managing of Deviations and CAPAs. Coordinating the timely collection of GMP evidence with corporate partners for product specific updates of Knight’s Canadian Drug Establishment Licence. Maintaining Knight’s Site licences and preparing related amendments and notification to Health Canada. Managing the lot release of pharmaceutical and natural health products to the Canadian market. Managing the changes made to marketed products. Handling marketed product complaints, in collaboration with corporate partners. Participating to on-site Health Canada GMP audits and, as required, conducting inspections of suppliers involved in the manufacturing and/or distribution of pharmaceutical and natural health products. Acting as the qualified person for quality compliance matters raised internally, by suppliers or corporate partners. Coordinating any required product recall procedure as per internal SOPs. Participating, to the preparation of CTD modules or responses related to the Chemistry and Manufacturing component of a regulatory dossier. Evaluate processes, results, operations, and trends in order to ensure compliance with local and international standards related to GMP, GLP, GDP. GSP, GPP Review quality KPIs and reports Support the implementation of the Quality Management System (software QMS) Analytical and Organisational Skills Negotiation skills / Teamwork Autonomy / Problem Solving Dealing with Ambiguity Sc, M.Sc or PhD in Science Minimum of 6 years within the pharmaceutical industry, including Quality Assurance Strong scientific knowledge. Excellent communication skills; written and oral English; Spanish is desirable Strong knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite. Experience in People Management is desirable Knowledge of the Canadian regulations and good ability to interpret policies and guidelines Good knowledge of manufacturing process 
ScrapedJobID54:
Criminal E-Intake (CeI) - an online solution that will allow the police to electronically submit charge packages and supporting process documents for review and consideration by a Justice of the Peace in Intake Court Digital Evidence Management (DEM) - a cloud-based SaaS solution to manage, store and share multimedia evidentiary files, ensuring secure, anytime/anywhere access across the justice sector by justice partners and stakeholders Digital Disclosure & Hearing Hub (D2H2) - an online cloud-based solution enabling both secure electronic document and evidence sharing during virtual court hearings Criminal Courts Case Management Systems and Portal (New ICON) – Modernization of the existing mainframe based criminal case management system (ICON) and tools available to the Courts to enhance and improve data-sharing. Integration – an integration platform for secure exchange of data and documents between justice sector partners delivering anytime/anywhere access to criminal matters between various systems. 21 College Street, Toronto 200 First Avenue West, North Bay Develop test strategies for application portfolios Define quality assurance targets Lead and promote a load testing discipline among projects Coordinate with testers in identifying load testing artifacts Perform IT application tests Participate in cluster project management, risk management, development and issues management activities Ensure that quality assurance guidelines and processes align with existing Cluster and OPS QA and I&IT standards Prepare, validate, automate and execute all related test cases and test scripts Lead the test planning activities, confirm acceptance of proposed test schedules, assign script writing and script execution to test resources Ensure a rigorous approach to quality assurance is used for UAT (User Acceptance Testing) Acts as a key liaison and focal point, providing information on and leading activities for the Cluster project teams Review and analyze client business requirements for system changes and upgrades to determine testing requirements Develop/participate in new system designs and enhancements. You have demonstrated experience in testing and implementing web and portal based applications You have an understanding of technology platforms: operating systems, database technologies, application development languages, client desktops, mobile, middleware, Web Services, Service Oriented Architecture, networks, firewalls and telecommunications protocols You have knowledge of QA Testing Methodology (testing tools, processes and standards, types of testing: Functional, Integration, System, Regression, User Acceptance, Migration/Conversion) You have tested applications within the different frameworks and platforms such as J2EE, .NET, Domino, IMS, Oracle, and others You have knowledge of industry best practices and testing tools such as Selenium, SOAP UI You have experience in test management (Test Plan, Test Scenarios, Test Cases and Test Execution) defect management (Defect Life Cycle and Triage) and Test Execution Reporting You have knowledge of n-tier web-based applications You have an understanding of governing policies, processes, and procedures, understanding the use of the application being tested, as well as the test tools You are knowledgeable on software design and development methods, general technical and functional use of application being tested You are able to acquire and apply sound knowledge of clients QA needs and business environment, to define scope of work You have analytical skills to ensure compliance with quality control guidelines, assess quality control findings and make decisions on the quality acceptability You can review and analyze client and ministry business requirements for system changes and updates You possess conceptual skills to see the big picture and assist in integrating QA/testing processes and standards You can collaborate with teams in order to identify and address testing/QA problems You can mentor team members, develop and encourage team work and high performance You can effectively liaise and facilitate communication with numerous internal and external stakeholders You have demonstrated customer service and consensus building skills to determine client expectations and ensure they meet organizational goals You have the ability to work effectively in a team and act as a team leader You have demonstrated written skills to document Testing artifacts (Test Cases, Scenarios and others) 2 Temporary, duration up to 12 months, 655 Bay St, Toronto, Toronto Region or 200 First Ave W, North Bay, North Region T-SL-172647/21(2)
The information that you provide for the purpose of this competition and the results from this competition may be used to fill other positions. These positions may be of various tenures, including short-term assignments. Your information and the results from this competition will be retained for the purpose of filling vacancies in accordance with the applicable collective agreement or policy provisions.
Effective October 1, 2021, the OPS COVID-19 Safe Workplace Directive requires all Ontario Public Service employees to provide proof they are fully vaccinated, meaning they are fully vaccinated as defined by the Ministry of Health (refer to: COVID-19 Fully Vaccinated Status in Ontario), including 14 calendar days have passed since receiving their final dose of the COVID-19 vaccine.


Employees who do not provide proof of full vaccination will be deemed ‘not vaccinated' under the Directive and will be required to attend a vaccine education program and undergo regular rapid antigen testing. Employees who are not vaccinated under the policy with a valid medical exemption will not be required to attend a vaccine education program but must undergo regular rapid antigen testing. 
ScrapedJobID55:
Test the relationship between proprietary software, firmware and related hardware devices Collaborate with firmware developers, assisting in reproducing and resolving issues Establish a deep understanding of all firmware components and their interactions with software and hardware Validate test plans, execute automated and manual test scripts Using the issue tracker, document, edit, track and verify issues Communicate product issues and causes to Management and Development Teams; Participate in product design, project planning and testing sprints Provide technical support to internal Meyer Sound departments 2-5 years of experience in a QA role Knowledge of software development life cycle and software testing methodologies Must have a working knowledge of networking concepts, embedded systems and multiple operating systems (Microsoft, Apple, Linux) Is comfortable setting up and maintaining a lab environment including hardware, computers, measurement tools and network infrastructure Must have experience with:
Issue tracking software, such as Jira, Fogbugz or similar.
Test case management software such as TestRail, Test Link or similar Issue tracking software, such as Jira, Fogbugz or similar. Test case management software such as TestRail, Test Link or similar Ability to operate various lab equipment, such as oscilloscopes, voltmeters, audio recorders, and measurement tools (SIM3, Audio Precision) Self-managing, strong initiative and ability to work well with a cross-functional team Ability to clearly and accurately describe technical issues, both written and verbally GUI and embedded system test experience preferred Experience with Python, PowerShell or shell scripting preferred Experience with test automation preferred Prior experience and familiarity with live audio concepts and equipment preferred 
ScrapedJobID56:

ScrapedJobID57:
We are passionate and committed to sound software development and infrastructure techniques and methodologies We believe in the power of open source and cloud-computing We encourage our team members to teach us new things through their unique perspectives and experiences We respect the diversity in our team and the positive influence it has on our culture A passion for QA, testing and increasing product quality Strong knowledge of QA methodology (acceptance tests, performance test, etc) and tools Experience with analyzing both functional and non-functional requirements and attributes of a system at every stage of the product life cycle Familiarity with the tools that agile development and QA teams use for managing their work (Jira or similar tools) Familiarity with exploratory testing and being able to test with and without test cases Ability to work closely with cross functional teams at all levels of the organization Strong verbal and written communications skills Post-secondary education in engineering, computer science, information systems, or other related field Nice to have: Proficiency with automation testing tools such as Selenium, Postman, etc Nice to have: Experience with object oriented languages Casual dress Paid time off RRSP match 8 hour shift Monday to Friday quality assurance: 2 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID58:
or equivalent experience Quality assurance and control Production machinery Laboratory testing and analysis Food and/or beverage processing International Organization for Standardization (ISO) Inventory control software Participate in safety audits and programs Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) Sanitation Robotic equipment and systems Quality improvement Internal audit Development of facilities and systems Development of industrial health plans Development of production processes Development of quality assurance programs Development of safety and fire prevention plans Train workers in duties and policies Produce reports Oversee the collection and analysis of data and information Ensure that the quality of products meets established standards Enforce policies and procedures Ensure adherence to government regulations Develop manufacturing and processing procedures Develop and carry out health, safety and fire prevention plans Develop and conduct production, inventory and quality assurance programs Conduct work measurement or other studies Conduct safety training programs Collect and analyze data and samples Collect and compile operational or experimental data Recommend corrective or enforcement action MS Excel MS Word MS Outlook Sanitation and hygiene HACCP (Hazard Analysis Critical Control Points) knowledge Canadian Food Inspection Agency (CFIA) regulations Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits Vision Care Benefits Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID59:
Working with the Technology Project Manager and developers to clarify testing requirements for updates and enhancements Testing updates in upcoming releases Testing new functionality added during large projects Delegating QA tasks to business testers (where applicable) Creating, tracking, modifying and closing bug tickets Updating and resolving issues in error tracking system after fixes have been deployed to production environments Developing and maintaining a master list of use cases used for testing Working with the Data Analyst to update the seeding test data based on the addition and revision of use cases Working with developers to incorporate new tests into automated tests for CI/CD process Participating in project development planning sessions to better understand deliverables of the project Developing test plans with the Technology Project Manager for larger projects Developing and maintaining automated test suites including those used for functional, integration and unit testing (where applicable) Maintaining documentation of QA processes Maintaining documentation of development best practices and guideline documentation as they relate to testing Following industry best practices for QA of Vue and PHP web applications Providing regular reports of QA activities to the Technology Project Manager College or university degree in computer science, software engineering or a related field. Equivalent experience may be considered. 3+ years of software and web application testing experience Experience in identifying high value test areas in web applications Experience with testing complex web applications Experience with cross browser testing Experience with desktop, tablet and mobile device testing Experience with automated testing tools Experience with Accessibility (WCAG) testing Understanding of data driven and API testing Test planning experience Knowledge of any testing frameworks Some experience in a professional software development environment Some knowledge of programming (nice to have) An analytical thinker A great communicator - someone with excellent verbal and written communication skills Willing to work flexible hours to get projects completed Comfortable in a start-up environment Someone with strong attention to detail Someone with a passion for data Proactive in problem solving Adaptable and able to handle multiple, conflicting priorities Passionate about innovation, technology & growing business Able to quickly learn and adapt to new technologies and processes Flexible schedule On-site parking Work from home Monday to Friday Are you legally authorized to permanently work in Canada or the US? quality assurance: 3 years (required) English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID60:
Identify test requirements from multiple specifications and develop, document, and maintain functional automated test cases to cover those requirements. Develop and maintenance of test strategies, test plans, test cases and test results Enhance test automation framework for support of new features and improve test efficiency Develop, enhance, and maintain the automation test framework and test cases using the in-house automation and 3rd party tools Analyze test results along with failure analysis and utilize facts / data driven metrics to continuously improve test efficiency and effectiveness Ensure measurable improvement of product quality by identifying, developing, and implementing innovative QA capabilities, strategies, and approaches Contribute with the development, operation, and maintenance of a highly automated Continuous Integration/Continuous Testing tool chain Execute manual and automated feature-level test cases and be able to isolate, replicate, and accurately report issues. Properly communicate test activities, estimates, tasks, and status B.S or Diploma degree in computer science, engineering, or related experience 3+ years of experience in Quality Assurance in Agile/Scrum based product development Excellent analytical skills and experience troubleshooting complex systems Experience in test automation development at framework and test case level. Very good programming skills, preferable in Python and C/C++ Hands on Android and iOS dev/testing experience Excellent automation experience ( scripting, Appium, etc ) with good knowledge of python and typescript Experience with software development and quality engineering in the automotive industry, artificial intelligence and voice recognition systems is a big plus Excellent problem-solving skills and strong self-reliance. Problem solver and critical thinker. Exceptional attention to detail, interpersonal communication, and project management skills Self-motivated, responsible, accountable, can work on tight deadlines and have the discipline to bring projects into closure Confident tester mindset, inquisitive, curious and know how to develop remarkable test scenarios. You know the difference between testing and QA. Excellent team player who can work collaboratively with different teams and influence their decisions in a positive way. Excellent English communication skills Chinese communication skill would be a great bonus Eligible to work in Canada (Citizen/Permanent Resident). Work location: Montreal CI/CD tools, e.g., Jenkins Familiar with JIRA and Confluence Automation experience (scripting, Appium, etc ) with good knowledge of python and typescript Android and iOS dev/testing experience Test case management tools, e.g., XRay Experienced in software development and integration and testing of embedded systems in the Automotive domain. Experienced with software development maturity models and their implementation following international standards such as ASPICE, CMMI, ISO etc. Following workplace security protocols and training programs to familiarize with the ways to maintain a safe workplace. Following security procedures to report any suspicious activity. Having respect for corporate security procedures to allow those procedures to be effective. Adhering to company's compliance and regulations. Encouraging to follow a zero tolerance for workplace violence. 
ScrapedJobID61:
Salesforce and Zendesk Account, Field, and Support Services clean up. Develop queries analyzing QA data to reveal insights and trends, for output on a dashboard. Develop custom reports with QA data, by request. Configure assessment forms, page layouts, and user profiles in a QA management platform. Migrate KCS assessment processes to a QA management platform, by configuring assessment forms, page layouts, and user profiles. Test user workflow in a QA management platform. Design a database structure and user interface for storing and modifying supplementary QA data. Required skills: Beginner SQL skills (use aggregate functions, WHERE clauses and CASE statements; differentiate between LEFT JOIN, INNER JOIN, etc.) Familiarity with database design and data modeling Familiarity with Tableau, Data Studio, Oracle BI, or other business intelligence software Intermediate Excel and/or Google Sheets skills (VLOOKUP, logical functions, lookup functions, conditional formatting, etc.) Proficiency writing search queries Bonus skills: Proficiency using Javascript, Python Proficiency using spreadsheet macros Familiarity with Salesforce 
ScrapedJobID62:
Criminal E-Intake (CeI) - an online solution that will allow the police to electronically submit charge packages and supporting process documents for review and consideration by a Justice of the Peace in Intake Court Digital Evidence Management (DEM) - a cloud-based SaaS solution to manage, store and share multimedia evidentiary files, ensuring secure, anytime/anywhere access across the justice sector by justice partners and stakeholders Digital Disclosure & Hearing Hub (D2H2) - an online cloud-based solution enabling both secure electronic document and evidence sharing during virtual court hearings Criminal Courts Case Management Systems and Portal (New ICON) – Modernization of the existing mainframe based criminal case management system (ICON) and tools available to the Courts to enhance and improve data-sharing. Integration – an integration platform for secure exchange of data and documents between justice sector partners delivering anytime/anywhere access to criminal matters between various systems. 21 College Street, Toronto 200 First Avenue West, North Bay Develop test strategies for application portfolios Define quality assurance targets Lead and promote a load testing discipline among projects Coordinate with testers in identifying load testing artifacts Perform IT application tests Participate in cluster project management, risk management, development and issues management activities Ensure that quality assurance guidelines and processes align with existing Cluster and OPS QA and I&IT standards Prepare, validate, automate and execute all related test cases and test scripts Lead the test planning activities, confirm acceptance of proposed test schedules, assign script writing and script execution to test resources Ensure a rigorous approach to quality assurance is used for UAT (User Acceptance Testing) Acts as a key liaison and focal point, providing information on and leading activities for the Cluster project teams Review and analyze client business requirements for system changes and upgrades to determine testing requirements Develop/participate in new system designs and enhancements. You have demonstrated experience in testing and implementing web and portal based applications You have an understanding of technology platforms: operating systems, database technologies, application development languages, client desktops, mobile, middleware, Web Services, Service Oriented Architecture, networks, firewalls and telecommunications protocols You have knowledge of QA Testing Methodology (testing tools, processes and standards, types of testing: Functional, Integration, System, Regression, User Acceptance, Migration/Conversion) You have tested applications within the different frameworks and platforms such as J2EE, .NET, Domino, IMS, Oracle, and others You have knowledge of industry best practices and testing tools such as Selenium, SOAP UI You have experience in test management (Test Plan, Test Scenarios, Test Cases and Test Execution) defect management (Defect Life Cycle and Triage) and Test Execution Reporting You have knowledge of n-tier web-based applications You have an understanding of governing policies, processes, and procedures, understanding the use of the application being tested, as well as the test tools You are knowledgeable on software design and development methods, general technical and functional use of application being tested You are able to acquire and apply sound knowledge of clients QA needs and business environment, to define scope of work You have analytical skills to ensure compliance with quality control guidelines, assess quality control findings and make decisions on the quality acceptability You can review and analyze client and ministry business requirements for system changes and updates You possess conceptual skills to see the big picture and assist in integrating QA/testing processes and standards You can collaborate with teams in order to identify and address testing/QA problems You can mentor team members, develop and encourage team work and high performance You can effectively liaise and facilitate communication with numerous internal and external stakeholders You have demonstrated customer service and consensus building skills to determine client expectations and ensure they meet organizational goals You have the ability to work effectively in a team and act as a team leader You have demonstrated written skills to document Testing artifacts (Test Cases, Scenarios and others) 2 Temporary, duration up to 12 months, 655 Bay St, Toronto, Toronto Region or 200 First Ave W, North Bay, North Region T-SL-172647/21(2)
The information that you provide for the purpose of this competition and the results from this competition may be used to fill other positions. These positions may be of various tenures, including short-term assignments. Your information and the results from this competition will be retained for the purpose of filling vacancies in accordance with the applicable collective agreement or policy provisions.
Effective October 1, 2021, the OPS COVID-19 Safe Workplace Directive requires all Ontario Public Service employees to provide proof they are fully vaccinated, meaning they are fully vaccinated as defined by the Ministry of Health (refer to: COVID-19 Fully Vaccinated Status in Ontario), including 14 calendar days have passed since receiving their final dose of the COVID-19 vaccine.


Employees who do not provide proof of full vaccination will be deemed ‘not vaccinated' under the Directive and will be required to attend a vaccine education program and undergo regular rapid antigen testing. Employees who are not vaccinated under the policy with a valid medical exemption will not be required to attend a vaccine education program but must undergo regular rapid antigen testing. 
ScrapedJobID63:
Test the relationship between proprietary software, firmware and related hardware devices Collaborate with firmware developers, assisting in reproducing and resolving issues Establish a deep understanding of all firmware components and their interactions with software and hardware Validate test plans, execute automated and manual test scripts Using the issue tracker, document, edit, track and verify issues Communicate product issues and causes to Management and Development Teams; Participate in product design, project planning and testing sprints Provide technical support to internal Meyer Sound departments 2-5 years of experience in a QA role Knowledge of software development life cycle and software testing methodologies Must have a working knowledge of networking concepts, embedded systems and multiple operating systems (Microsoft, Apple, Linux) Is comfortable setting up and maintaining a lab environment including hardware, computers, measurement tools and network infrastructure Must have experience with:
Issue tracking software, such as Jira, Fogbugz or similar.
Test case management software such as TestRail, Test Link or similar Issue tracking software, such as Jira, Fogbugz or similar. Test case management software such as TestRail, Test Link or similar Ability to operate various lab equipment, such as oscilloscopes, voltmeters, audio recorders, and measurement tools (SIM3, Audio Precision) Self-managing, strong initiative and ability to work well with a cross-functional team Ability to clearly and accurately describe technical issues, both written and verbally GUI and embedded system test experience preferred Experience with Python, PowerShell or shell scripting preferred Experience with test automation preferred Prior experience and familiarity with live audio concepts and equipment preferred 
ScrapedJobID64:

ScrapedJobID65:
Responsible for defining QA strategy, approach and execution in development and ongoing projects. Ensuring that the development teams adhere to the principles, guidelines and best practices of the QA strategy as defined. Building and maintenance of quality standards as well as enforcing technical and testing standards. Monitoring of all the QA activities, test results, leaked defects, root cause analysis and identifying areas of improvement. Implement steps required to improve the processes. Be an escalation point for all matters related to testing and quality assurance, and operate as a primary point of contact for the QA teams. Participate in interviews, onboarding, training and performance evaluation of the QA team. 10 years or more of demonstrated experience in a related technical field Software QA experience is not required but would be considered an asset Experience with building quality standards and knowledge of QA methodologies Proven track record of success in managing individual contributors and managers in a QA environment Demonstrated ability to achieve results through people and across an organization, forming relationships, collaborating with and influencing cross-functional teams Experience implementing closed-loop quality feedback systems Solution focused work ethic with a high degree of flexibility supporting multiple projects of varying complexity and priority High level of personal and professional integrity Demonstrated quality improvements through use of structured problem solving A rewarding career path that helps you learn, grow, and showcase your talent An environment in which you are recognized and appreciated for what you do Unlimited paid vacation (Yep. Unlimited. Paid. Vacation (within reason, of course!) Flexible hours (no set ‘office hours’— you work 40 hours per week and meet your role requirements) Training and Development Allowance Program Health and Wellness Allowance Program Competitive salary structure Annual salary increases Employee Stock Option Purchase Plan Comprehensive Group Health, Dental and Vision Benefit Plan Employer-matched RRSPs Maternity & Parental Leave Top-Up Program Modern, open, fun office environment (we work hard, but we’re not scared of a good time) Dynamic downtown location with free parking Fun, quarterly team-building events New pair of high-quality noise reducing headphones Innovative workflow software and technology (we’re major Slackers — internal communications have never been more awesome) 
ScrapedJobID66:
We are passionate and committed to sound software development and infrastructure techniques and methodologies We believe in the power of open source and cloud-computing We encourage our team members to teach us new things through their unique perspectives and experiences We respect the diversity in our team and the positive influence it has on our culture A passion for QA, testing and increasing product quality Strong knowledge of QA methodology (acceptance tests, performance test, etc) and tools Experience with analyzing both functional and non-functional requirements and attributes of a system at every stage of the product life cycle Familiarity with the tools that agile development and QA teams use for managing their work (Jira or similar tools) Familiarity with exploratory testing and being able to test with and without test cases Ability to work closely with cross functional teams at all levels of the organization Strong verbal and written communications skills Post-secondary education in engineering, computer science, information systems, or other related field Nice to have: Proficiency with automation testing tools such as Selenium, Postman, etc Nice to have: Experience with object oriented languages Casual dress Paid time off RRSP match 8 hour shift Monday to Friday quality assurance: 2 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID67:
or equivalent experience Quality assurance and control Production machinery Laboratory testing and analysis Food and/or beverage processing International Organization for Standardization (ISO) Inventory control software Participate in safety audits and programs Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) Sanitation Robotic equipment and systems Quality improvement Internal audit Development of facilities and systems Development of industrial health plans Development of production processes Development of quality assurance programs Development of safety and fire prevention plans Train workers in duties and policies Produce reports Oversee the collection and analysis of data and information Ensure that the quality of products meets established standards Enforce policies and procedures Ensure adherence to government regulations Develop manufacturing and processing procedures Develop and carry out health, safety and fire prevention plans Develop and conduct production, inventory and quality assurance programs Conduct work measurement or other studies Conduct safety training programs Collect and analyze data and samples Collect and compile operational or experimental data Recommend corrective or enforcement action MS Excel MS Word MS Outlook Sanitation and hygiene HACCP (Hazard Analysis Critical Control Points) knowledge Canadian Food Inspection Agency (CFIA) regulations Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits Vision Care Benefits Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID68:
Working with the Technology Project Manager and developers to clarify testing requirements for updates and enhancements Testing updates in upcoming releases Testing new functionality added during large projects Delegating QA tasks to business testers (where applicable) Creating, tracking, modifying and closing bug tickets Updating and resolving issues in error tracking system after fixes have been deployed to production environments Developing and maintaining a master list of use cases used for testing Working with the Data Analyst to update the seeding test data based on the addition and revision of use cases Working with developers to incorporate new tests into automated tests for CI/CD process Participating in project development planning sessions to better understand deliverables of the project Developing test plans with the Technology Project Manager for larger projects Developing and maintaining automated test suites including those used for functional, integration and unit testing (where applicable) Maintaining documentation of QA processes Maintaining documentation of development best practices and guideline documentation as they relate to testing Following industry best practices for QA of Vue and PHP web applications Providing regular reports of QA activities to the Technology Project Manager College or university degree in computer science, software engineering or a related field. Equivalent experience may be considered. 3+ years of software and web application testing experience Experience in identifying high value test areas in web applications Experience with testing complex web applications Experience with cross browser testing Experience with desktop, tablet and mobile device testing Experience with automated testing tools Experience with Accessibility (WCAG) testing Understanding of data driven and API testing Test planning experience Knowledge of any testing frameworks Some experience in a professional software development environment Some knowledge of programming (nice to have) An analytical thinker A great communicator - someone with excellent verbal and written communication skills Willing to work flexible hours to get projects completed Comfortable in a start-up environment Someone with strong attention to detail Someone with a passion for data Proactive in problem solving Adaptable and able to handle multiple, conflicting priorities Passionate about innovation, technology & growing business Able to quickly learn and adapt to new technologies and processes Flexible schedule On-site parking Work from home Monday to Friday Are you legally authorized to permanently work in Canada or the US? quality assurance: 3 years (required) English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID69:
Identify test requirements from multiple specifications and develop, document, and maintain functional automated test cases to cover those requirements. Develop and maintenance of test strategies, test plans, test cases and test results Enhance test automation framework for support of new features and improve test efficiency Develop, enhance, and maintain the automation test framework and test cases using the in-house automation and 3rd party tools Analyze test results along with failure analysis and utilize facts / data driven metrics to continuously improve test efficiency and effectiveness Ensure measurable improvement of product quality by identifying, developing, and implementing innovative QA capabilities, strategies, and approaches Contribute with the development, operation, and maintenance of a highly automated Continuous Integration/Continuous Testing tool chain Execute manual and automated feature-level test cases and be able to isolate, replicate, and accurately report issues. Properly communicate test activities, estimates, tasks, and status B.S or Diploma degree in computer science, engineering, or related experience 3+ years of experience in Quality Assurance in Agile/Scrum based product development Excellent analytical skills and experience troubleshooting complex systems Experience in test automation development at framework and test case level. Very good programming skills, preferable in Python and C/C++ Hands on Android and iOS dev/testing experience Excellent automation experience ( scripting, Appium, etc ) with good knowledge of python and typescript Experience with software development and quality engineering in the automotive industry, artificial intelligence and voice recognition systems is a big plus Excellent problem-solving skills and strong self-reliance. Problem solver and critical thinker. Exceptional attention to detail, interpersonal communication, and project management skills Self-motivated, responsible, accountable, can work on tight deadlines and have the discipline to bring projects into closure Confident tester mindset, inquisitive, curious and know how to develop remarkable test scenarios. You know the difference between testing and QA. Excellent team player who can work collaboratively with different teams and influence their decisions in a positive way. Excellent English communication skills Chinese communication skill would be a great bonus Eligible to work in Canada (Citizen/Permanent Resident). Work location: Montreal CI/CD tools, e.g., Jenkins Familiar with JIRA and Confluence Automation experience (scripting, Appium, etc ) with good knowledge of python and typescript Android and iOS dev/testing experience Test case management tools, e.g., XRay Experienced in software development and integration and testing of embedded systems in the Automotive domain. Experienced with software development maturity models and their implementation following international standards such as ASPICE, CMMI, ISO etc. Following workplace security protocols and training programs to familiarize with the ways to maintain a safe workplace. Following security procedures to report any suspicious activity. Having respect for corporate security procedures to allow those procedures to be effective. Adhering to company's compliance and regulations. Encouraging to follow a zero tolerance for workplace violence. 
ScrapedJobID70:
Work directly with other members of the CoreLogic | Symbility Property Quality Assurance Team to develop an in-depth knowledge of the software sold by CoreLogic | Symbility Property Convert business requirements/design documentation to construct test plans, design and execute both manual and automated test cases/scripts for complete modules and/or workflows that will determine optimal application performance according to specifications to ensure no defective products are moved to production Work closely with software developers to develop test specifications and build test cases/scripts to rigorously test product functionality and investigate all potential product test failures Ensure quality and statistical analysis of current production concerns and processes for designated programs Define data quality standards and implements tools to support quality Raise timely awareness about any discovered issues and works collaboratively with members of other related departments and suppliers to develop remedies Respond to client concerns and/or contractual requirements as it relates to the quality of the software products Ensure audit process is implemented on projects in accordance with approved quality procedures Provide recommendations for improvement Communicate application defects in a clear and concise manner Bug fix verification and validation Assist with other activities as assigned, required to support the business Demonstrated knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) Strong understanding and hands on experience with QA processes and methodologies, with an emphasis on Agile Experience with QA testing on web-based and client server applications Experience with QA testing on iOS and Android applications Computer savvy, with the ability to learn new software quickly and with ease Strong verbal and written communication skills Ability to think abstractly with an “outside the box” approach to testing Attentive to detail, with developed analytical skills, and a scientific approach to problem solving Ability to prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment Ability to focus on deadlines and deliverables Strong verbal and written communication skills Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment Good time management skills 3-5 years previous experience in a Software Quality Assurance Tester position or equivalent 3-5 years of test plan design, maintenance and developing test cases based upon system specifications documentation 3-5 years manual functional/regression testing design and execution experience 3-5 years experience creating and executing automated test scripts Bachelor Degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent work experience Familiar with programming languages, and general knowledge of .NET, ASP.NET and AngularJS Experience with Atlassian JIRA and JIRA Plugins is an asset Experience with QA testing on iOS and Android Experience with Katalon Studio and Postman Familiar with Mercurial Full health, dental, life benefits Paid vacation 
ScrapedJobID71:
Working with the product owner to contribute acceptance criteria and test plans for upcoming projects. Testing & validating acceptance criteria for user stories. Testing & validating defect fixes. Performing exploratory testing to discover regressions. Championing quality assurance during all phases of the product development lifecycle. Identifying and recommending components that could be covered via automation to our automation engineer. Providing feedback to product owners or developers on design and user experience considerations. Supporting the investigation of reported integration, user acceptance or production issues. Developing and maintaining the regression test suite for our products. Triaging bugs with product owners and technical leads. 3+ years of experience in a QA analyst role. Experience working in an agile development environment and a clear understanding of how to operate within that framework. Experience writing test plans and creating test data. Basic understanding and of API endpoints and API testing. Sharp analytical, data analysis, and problem-solving skills. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Excellent organizational and time management skills. Payment industry experience is not required, but a definite plus. 
ScrapedJobID72:
or equivalent experience Computer hardware or software retailer/wholesaler Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Python React.js Criminal record check Internet access Cellular phone Fast-paced environment Attention to detail JavaOS Initiative Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Organized Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID73:
Verify the reliability, functionality and performance of our Software Development Kits (SDKs), Application Program Interfaces (APIs) and higher level applications and Interfaces; Verify the reliability, functionality and performance of our various product drivers, firmware and hardware; Participate in developing test plans, modifying and validating test cases on the various hardware and software components of each product; Document test results using Test Rail; Document functional and other performance problems found during testing using Jira software; Liaise with internal groups to ensure adherence to Quality objectives; Assist the engineering and the support groups by providing feedback in reproducing and solving product related issues. College degree (AEC or DEC) in one of the following fields: computer science, electronics, Automation; Prior experience working as a quality assurance specialist is an asset; Self-Starter and Self-Learner; Motivated, thorough and detail oriented; Knowledge of various PC hardware peripherals and being comfortable in changing PC components; Good knowledge of various operating systems including Microsoft Windows, Linux and Mac; Good software and hardware troubleshooting skills; Good understanding of networking including the OSI model is an asset; Good scripting skills is an asset; Basic knowledge of video technology is an asset; Good communication skills; Excellent knowledge of French and English, both written and spoken. Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Discounted or free food Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site childcare On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Profit sharing Tuition reimbursement Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday AEC / DEP or Skilled Trade Certificate (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID74:

ScrapedJobID75:
Oversee and execute test cases and test strategies for products, features, and patches, in an effort to eliminate functionality and UI imperfections; Maintain updated testing documentation as products and features are added; Work closely with technical members of the Product Engineering team during testing; Work with clients on joint testing initiatives; Support the creation of release notes prior to deployments; Implement metrics and tools for the company's testing performance while developing and advocating for software QA processes that fit into a sprint-based agile development environment; Develop a road map to continue improving the QA process as the business grows. 2+ years of experience in related positions. Degree or diploma in Business, Computer Science, Engineering or a related field of study. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, both verbal and written. Ability to work independently on projects, with tight deadlines, under minimal supervision. Demonstrated ability to perform with significant responsibility in a dynamic environment where decisions are made rapidly. Experience working with Data-driven Applications in a Cloud environment is an asset. Experience in the Wealth Management and/or Brokerage and Securities industries is an asset. 
ScrapedJobID76:
You will own software quality of our products across all supported platforms (MacOS, Windows, Linux). You will manually test and inspect our desktop and services applications to ensure a high quality user experience, and lead and coordinate test activities with other software testers who are using Maxon App with our next generation 3D motion graphics software. You will create and collect metrics for test results to present to engineering and management. You will document test plans, test cases, defect reports and work closely with engineering and product management to deliver high-quality products on-time. Deep knowledge and demonstrated experience in software testing methodologies, test planning, test case development, and test analysis and reporting. Understanding of software services architectures, subscription software and licensing models. Working knowledge of MacOS and Windows operating systems. Understanding of agile development methodologies (scrum, et al). Fluent written and spoken English communication skills. Experience testing websites or web applications a plus. Knowledge of one or more industry standard 3D software solutions (Cinema 4D, Maya, 3DS Max, Houdini, or Blender) a plus. Knowledge of computer programming using a scripting language (javascript, python) or an object-oriented programming language (C++, Java) a plus. 
ScrapedJobID77:
Create detailed QA artifacts such as test plans and institute effective QA processes and practices that support the broader team with a focus on optimizing testing coverage Evaluate quality assurance tools, technologies, and frameworks in collaboration with the technology, product, and operational leadership team Develop strategies and metrics for continuous improvement of software and its quality, such as manual test plans, automated testing technologies, performance and load testing frameworks, understanding how all elements of the applications and systems work together Define and maintain quality assurance policies, processes, and procedures Assist in providing leadership and mentorship to a team of QA Testers, as well as any resources assisting with a particular project Assist with business development activities such as contributing to in-depth discussions about our QA process with clients or prospective clients Oversee the execution of test plans, monitoring, and reporting on test execution and quality metrics Work with cross-functional teams to understand product vision and requirements Maximize the development and use of automation testing to continuously improve testing efficiency, coverage and delivery Analyze, interpret, and communicate qualitative and quantitative findings from tests and monitor bug resolution efforts and track results and known defects. Assist with the maintenance and the development of the current regression testing approach and lead regression cycle testing Seek to understand the project and customer context, objectives, and use cases Contribute to project functions by attending standups and planning meetings, contributing to risk and hazard identification and analysis, identifying issues and working to resolve them Preparing and testing client releases Provide hands-on installation support for clients Responsible for installing and updating hosted client environments Other duties as required 3+ years’ experience in software testing in a QA role Experience working with automated testing tools an asset Excellent problem recognition and problem-solving abilities Experience working with relational databases and querying languages, specifically T-SQL Solid understanding of agile processes, SDLC, and CI / CD is required. Experience with TFS/ Azure DevOps is an asset Release management experience is considered a strong asset Excellent analytical, interpersonal, prioritization, and organization skills Demonstrated ability to work in a team and interact effectively with teams, stakeholders and clients Proven knowledge and judgment in escalating issues when needed Bachelor's degree Competitive compensation Flexibility to work from home Collaborative organization that is receptive to new ideas Strong benefits package, that includes vision, medical and dental Profit Sharing Bonus program Global career opportunities Ongoing training and professional development Fun and results-driven work environment and much more! 
ScrapedJobID78:
Provide leadership to cross-functional project and release teams within QA Plan, workflow, implementation, and deployment of enterprise suite of applications including core brokerage systems Track and report on test progress for assigned releases and/or discretionary projects in accordance to SDLC methodology employed within their respective projects. Communicate test progress, test results and other relevant information to project manager and other stakeholders Review and analyze requirements to determine the appropriate QA test approach, develop detailed test cases, participate in peer reviews, execute the test cases for projects and log defects as applicable Advocate on behalf of internal and external clients during defect triage and other escalation activities Support hotfix testing for production defects as required Responsible to provide QA effort estimates for upcoming projects Identify and drive continuous improvement items Work collaboratively with QA teams Support UAT as applicable Mentor and train peer QA Analysts to enhance both testing skills and application/process knowledge Develop and maintain testing standards, procedures, and guidelines to ensure consistent testing procedures Schedule and plan in accordance with SDLC methodology Work with QA Manager to provide QA inputs and decisions related to project budgets and adhere to determined budgets within assigned projects and releases Be available for potential on-call and/or weekend work (after-hours) Extensive knowledge of Quality Assurance methodologies, processes, and standards Demonstrated experience in real world waterfall and Agile Scrum SDLC having participated in or led story breakdown, backlog grooming sessions, and contributed to Definition of Done [DoD] employed within the scrum team Project management understanding and know-how in chairing defect triage/review meetings. Excellent communication skills, with the ability to understand both technical and user-friendly language Experience with HP/AML Quality center, Microsoft Visual Studio and automation testing tools Planning, organizing, and prioritizing strengths in fast-changing, challenging, and high-pressure environments Strong research, problem solving, analytical skills to maximize operational efficiency Strong interpersonal skills to deal effectively with both technical and business colleagues A professional and positive attitude with exemplary initiative and team dedication A collaborative work environment with a commitment to service excellence and client focus. You successfully lead and influence others to follow your vision, respecting individual concerns and working collaboratively to reach a solution acceptable to all. You are inherently curious, have a passion for what you do, and actively seek new ways to learn and hone your skills. 
ScrapedJobID79:
3+ years of Manual Black Box/Gray Box software testing experience Experienced in testing REST APIs Experienced in using T-SQL (i.e. querying SQL) Experienced in performance testing Good comprehension of at least one popular programming language (C#, Java, Python, JavaScript, etc.) Strong written and oral communication skills. Fluency in written and spoken English Strong analytical, conceptual, and problem-solving abilities with attention to detail Experienced in testing Web SPAs (Single Page Application) is a plus Ability to manage multiple priorities and tasks as delegated Ability to communicate with product owners, developers and other testers on product requirements, business rules and issues Ability to work within a collaborative environment Initiative to work independently, but also able to work effectively with team members in different locations Flexibility and adaptability to business requirements and priority changes Excellent organizational, reporting and communication skills Ability to work with remote teams working from different time zones A friendly and collaborative environment Fitness subsidy program Free coffee and snacks Work from home opportunities A workplace that is conveniently located along the Yonge/Sheppard line – accessible by car, subway, bus (TTC/GO) 
ScrapedJobID80:
Responsible for the full QA testing lifecycle from designing test plans, execution of test cases, to tracking and resolution of defects for moderately complex changes. Works with Software Development and Platform teams to understand business requirements and provide input into the technical solution. Understands the alignment between business processes and platforms to design tests that will simulate how the end user will perform their functions and pushes the boundaries of the platform. This will also include regression testing. Understand the value of automation and identify opportunities best suited for creating automated test scripts. Work closely with the QA team to drive testing efficiencies by providing inputs that will improve the overall QA process Provide regular status updates of testing activities to Manager and projects and summarize issues encountered in a timely and accurate manner Mentors junior members on the team Bachelor's degree required; or equivalent work experience Minimum 3 years of experience with QA and / or development, IT, browser based applications Proficiency in QA process, best practices, methodologies, Software Development Life Cycle, test automation, manual testing and defect management tools Highly proficient in leading large scale projects or significant project steps and communicating progress/approach with technical/non-technical peers/clients and leaders. Proficiency in payment systems and the merchant acquiring business is an asset 
ScrapedJobID81:
A University degree in Computer Science, Business Administration or related discipline or certification in Information Technology from a recognized community college. An equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered. 5 years of testing experience in writing and executing test cases, automation scripting using Selenium, Java, python including multiple types of testing (e.g. functional, non-functional, performance, connectivity, regression, automation). 4 years of demonstrable experience in interpreting requirements documents, use cases, and storyboards as a means of developing test cases. Excellent communication skills (written and oral) in English. The Proponent should provide evidence of providing a similar role (develop & execute Quality Assurance (QA) Strategy and Test Plan) on one (1) large projectthat implemented significant business transformations supported by the delivery of a new IT solution. Experience with developing and executing Test Plans for Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Products/Solutions. Experience (writing and executing) with testing software and test automation tools (HP Quality Center – ALM / UFT (Unified Functional Test, Selenium / Java / Python, PyCharm). Resource possesses experience conducting manual testing and regression testing on projects using agile/scrum software development methodologies. Demonstrated ability to work on tasks for multiple projects at various stages of development. Describe approach, tools and challenges that need to be managed when performing QA services on multiple projects. Experience with supporting the User Acceptance Testing process including working with the Business Owners and execution of Test Plans, Test Cases/Scripts, Defect Reporting and Resolution tracking etc. Describe the coordination and support activities that proponent provided. Demonstrate experience in using selenium, developing framework, Experiences with source control (Git, SVN, Perforce, TFS, etc.) Completion of a Quality Assurance certificate program or a Quality Assurance certification is an asset; EX: ISTQB 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Software Testing: 5 years (preferred) Selenium: 5 years (preferred) requirements documents, use cases, and storyboards: 4 years (preferred) Developing Quality Assurance (QA) Strategy: 5 years (preferred) Developing Test Plan: 5 years (preferred) Software-as-a-Service testing: 5 years (preferred) User acceptance testing: 3 years (preferred) Source Control (SVN, GIT, Perforce, TFS): 2 years (preferred) HP Quality Center – ALM: 5 years (preferred) UFT (Unified Functional Test): 5 years (preferred) Selenium / Java / Python, PyCharm: 5 years (preferred) English (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID82:
Provides technical leadership, guidance or input into the development of testing solutions within the IRP Student. Develops and maintains test strategies, test plans, quality measures and methodologies relating to the quality domain capabilities. Guides and supports the adoption of best practices within quality domains, fosters a culture of quality through the use of these best practices and the continued evolution of the IRP Student best practices. Implements and ensures workstream teams adherence to procedures, methods, standards and controls to foster operational efficiency, monitor compliance, and mitigate risks. Works with leadership teams and project managers to understand and anticipate QA needs. Develops plan for effective distribution of resources. Collaborates with Test Automation Lead and other QA Managers to prioritize test automation work for the program Establishes quality assurance operational processes and practices. Creates comprehensive project plans including activities, schedules, and resources, for the completion of the quality domain scope of work. Leads development and delivery of quality domain process review activities to determine best practices for the IRP Student, and ensures that necessary corrective action is completed and incorporated into continuous process improvement. Leads team members within IRP Student project teams in the planning and completion of the verification and validation of the products and services being produced and supported. Holds responsibility and oversight across multiple workstreams to ensure that verification and validation methods are understood, implemented and executed according to standards that will be developed and driven by this position. Within the quality domains, identifies key customers and establishes effective relationships with them. Understands the customer's business. Establishes targets for customer satisfaction and service delivery. Builds and sustains good working relationships with customers. Manages the design and development of a testing framework. Oversees the tracking of testing risks, issues, decisions and actions need to be tracked and closely follow up on mitigation and action plans with QA or cross-functional teams. Manages the development of workstream test plans, test cases, and execution. Ensures that testing team members follow appropriate technical process design and testing practices. Design and oversees the defect management process and ensures defects are triaged adequately from the quality perspective. Creates program testing status report Reports on the overall status of testing, communicate RAID (Risks, Action, Issues, Decisions), implement testing standards and policies, and communicate testing schedule Provides testing related training to cross functional teams or the UBC community participating in testing activities. Assesses cross domain and cross functional dependencies needed for QA activities and collaborates with workstream leadership team for alignment Works with business partners and/or IT leadership to understand and anticipate business and IT project needs of a reporting unit. Develops strategies, operating plans, performance measures/targets for a reporting unit and leads the day to day delivery testing services and activities. Ensures for cost efficiencies within the budget allocated. Develops, implements, and ensures adherence to procedures, methods, standards and controls to foster operational efficiency, monitor compliance, mitigate risks, and achieve unit results. Negotiates for, sources and obtains financial, physical, or human resources to support short-term projects and programs. Develops and implements innovative service and, business solutions, provides technical leadership and oversight on projects, and collaborates with others on integrated solutions and initiatives across other administrative/academic areas. Develops influential working relationships across the organization, including with internal and external key customers and stakeholders. Develops, mentors, and manages reporting Team Leads, professionals and other staff including selection, training, coaching, performance management and all other people practices. Manages the staff performance assessment process. Reviews performance assessment feedback and conducts regular meetings with direct reports and all staff. Provides career planning advice to staff and creates development plans to help staff achieve their career goals including assigning work which leverages their skills and capabilities and provides them with opportunities for learning. Manages performance concerns and disciplinary action in collaboration with HR and, where applicable, a Senior Manager or Director. May provide or provides guidance to Team Leads on more complex performance concerns and disciplinary actions Anticipates and analyzes trends in technology and assesses the impact of emerging technologies on the business. Maintains appropriate professional designations and up-to-date knowledge of current information technology techniques and tools. Performs other related duties as required. Minimum of 8 years of experience in a testing leadership role (i.e. QA Manager) Minimum of 5 years of QA experience in multiple QA roles, including technical and functional tester Deep knowledge of test management tools, defect management tools, and testing progress reporting Experience in leading large program implementation supporting multiple testing functions (data management, environment management, defect tracking and reporting) Experience in managing resources in a matrix organization Experience in training and coaching resources from a shared resource pool Ability to work with multiple project and balance competing priorities for the test team while accomplishing the tasks at hand Ability to handle multiple work areas effectively with situations involving rapid change, shifting priorities, and / or simultaneous demands Strong facilitation and presentation skills with solid analytical and problem-solving skills displayed in the development and execution of test plans and the analysis of system problems High level sense of ownership with an entrepreneurial and self-directed mindset in a fast-paced, dynamic and vague environment Strong interpersonal skills and ability to integrate well into internal and external teams, and also be able to communicate with technical teams Demonstrated ongoing career development through active and self-motivated professional development. Demonstrated track record and commitment to delivering results and proactively supporting applications and services. Certifications in one or more of the following are an asset: related test management or testing certifications (ISTQB, ASQ, QAI, PMI-RMP, Six Sigma) Experience with Student and Enrolment functional or system implementation, and Workday are an asset Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID83:
Conduct the QA review of production Device Master Record documentation, including work instructions and traveller templates Perform QA review of production documentation associated with quality issues, including deviations, nonconformities, discrepancies, and reworks Perform QA review of Device History Records (DHRs) to support finished goods release Review and execute the QA release of incoming materials and in-process goods Assist with root cause investigation (e.g. targeted DHR review) Conduct the QA review of equipment documentation, including but not limited to qualification, maintenance, and calibration records Review verification and validation documentation, including but not limited to test plans and reports for equipment qualification, process validation, engineering studies, design verification, engineering change requests, etc. Provide QA input into process validation activities Conduct the QA review of software tool implementation and validation documentation, such as requirements documents, validation plans, test protocols, test reports, etc. Participate in the QA coordination of change control activities Participate in Kardium’s internal audit program as needed Oversee and manage various QMS project activities assigned to QA Perform document control tasks such as assuring that the review and approval of controlled documents is in accordance with Kardium policies and procedures, and maintaining quality records per established procedures Perform other QA tasks as required Bachelor of science degree in a technical discipline (e.g., engineering, pharmaceutical sciences, biotechnology, etc.) At least 3 years’ QA experience in a manufacturing environment in the biotechnology industry; experience in QMS planning and implementation an asset Strong, in-depth, working knowledge of ISO 13485, FDA QSR and QMS requirements of the European MDD; organizational awareness of quality management system implementation and operations Thorough knowledge of documentation and record control systems; experience with electronic document and electronic record management systems an asset Strong analytical skills and critical thinking Effective written and verbal communication and technical documentation skills High proficiency in MS Word/Excel an asset Able to operate independently with minimal direction Work efficiently with the ability to be innovate and identify creative solutions Complete multiple tasks in a timely and thorough manner (i.e. organized and detail-oriented) Excellent interpersonal skills including the ability to resolve conflict with poise, diplomacy, and tact Ability to work effectively as part of a team and collaborate with staff at all levels Flexible and adaptable to take on additional responsibilities as appropriate 
ScrapedJobID84:
or equivalent experience Work planning, estimating, measuring and scheduling Development of facilities and systems Development of production processes Development of quality assurance programs Develop manufacturing and processing procedures Develop and conduct production, inventory and quality assurance programs Conduct work measurement or other studies Collect and analyze data and samples Assist in preparing estimates, schedules, specifications and reports Set machine or equipment controls, oversee production and inspect processes Fast-paced environment Attention to detail Tight deadlines Database software Networking software File management software Flexibility Organized 
ScrapedJobID85:
Provide appropriate planning and execution in regression testing, performance testing, integration testing, and another non-functional testing to ensure successful application deployment Execute test plans and test cases, provide timely updates and reports Collaborate in a cross-function delivery team to ensure that all aspects of quality are actively discussed and addressed during the delivery process Work closely with clients and project team to help convey issues around quality and build a relationship surrounding QA on the respective project Update and maintain best QA procedures and standards, including test planning and test data preparation Provide mentorship to new employees Provide input to the QA Manager/Team Lead for all QA related activities and dependencies Bachelor's degree or higher in Engineering or related discipline 5+ years of experience in the field of Software Quality Assurance Strong knowledge of software Quality Assurance best practices and methodologies Strong experience in planning QA activities without guidance (self-sufficient) Hands on experience in OTT platforms and devices Hands on experience in tools like XCode, Charles proxy, ADB Experience in creating test plans and good reporting skill Excellent debugging, analytical, problem solving, and documentation skills Self-motivated, passionate, responsible and a good team player Excellent communicator, detail-oriented and quality-focused Excellent written and oral communication skills in English Experience in a client-facing professional setting Good knowledge about iOS and tvOS Experience as a test lead 
ScrapedJobID86:
Casual dress Company car Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Wellness program Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Civil engineering: 2 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID87:
Manual QA testing on a variety of systems: web-based applications, mobile & tablet applications, host services and terminal applications (POS and devices) Bug investigation, regression testing and solution proposals Set up websites using in-house built framework Read and analyze technical system specifications and validate the deliverable Maintain the online Regression Test suite and document the tests Read technical logs to investigate and determine bugs and issues and document trouble reports; work with programmers to resolve and test Write structured communications surrounding live system releases Technical writing & documentation Permanent member of live promotion team and participant during pre-scheduled system maintenance windows (flexible to be in the office during pre-scheduled hours outside of normal business hours) 3-5 years of working experience with application quality assurance and testing in a complex web-based and mobile software development environment or similar experience in system integrations, development or system analysis role Experience in functional, integration, system, security, performance, regression and user acceptance testing using manual testing techniques, preferably using exploratory testing methodology Experience using databases to confirm testing results and knowledge of SQL Basic to intermediate knowledge of Unix/Linux command lines Experience in a fast paced project environment, working under Agile or Scrum paradigm Understanding of the various aspects of software development life cycle (SDLC) Able to understand the nature and workflow of complex business and technical processes Strong analytical skills with ability to formulate solutions for complex problems Relentless attention to detail, accuracy and functionality Education: Computer Science, Information Technology, Mathematics or related field Knowledge of HTML and web technologies Experience with one or more programming languages (Python, JavaScript, Ruby) Experience in POS, payment terminals, banking, ERP applications or banking portals 
ScrapedJobID88:
Implement and maintain the quality management system, including HACCP and SQF, to ensure the continuous quality Ensure that food safety and quality assurance programs are properly implemented and maintained by following regulatory guidelines through auditing/inspection, product quality control, and data entry. Provide support to operations with the objective of meeting food safety and quality requirements, while maintaining production efficiency. Present a professional and respectful attitude when dealing with both internal and external contacts, and will work towards facilitating a team atmosphere within the company. Translate and incorporate good manufacturing practices (GMP) into operational practice. Perform food safety and quality critical control point checks on process as outlined in the HACCP and Quality Program requirements. Work directly with production staff on testing protocols and requirements to meet and exceed quality and safety requirements. Ensures production management is aware of deviations from requirements One years or more experience in a food processing environment preferred Ability to read, understand, and follow documents and procedures Proficiency with Microsoft software is required Ability to work in team setting or independently with minimum supervision Good analytical and logical problem-solving skills Strong organizational skills. Good verbal and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID89:
Develop and apply testing processes for new and existing products to meet client needs Liaise with internal teams (e.g. developers and product managers) to identify system requirements Work closely with other Testers, Software Developers, UX Designers, and Project Management teams to provide software testing for workflows Develop and execute test cases to ensure all requirements have been met Track quality assurance metrics, like defect densities and open defect counts Stay up-to-date with new testing tools and test strategies Conduct manual and automated testing based on regular product development cycles to develop, apply and maintain quality standards Analyze test results to ensure existing functionality and recommend corrective action. Follow established testing procedures and contribute to the continual improvement of those procedures Create and maintain documentation of test results to assist in debugging and modification of software Perform analysis of test results to ensure functionality and recommend corrective action Complete the logging, tracking, communication and resolution of issues Recommend changes based on latest current technology and industry trends Technical Skills – Strong in-depth knowledge of the QA Testing and Verification to perform the role competently. This level of expertise is gained through extensive on the job experience Problem Solving - Proactive in anticipating and resolving problems. Strong analytical and problem solving skills to meet the requirements of the project are required. Interpersonal Skills –Ability to effectively communicate and work with various team members both internally and externally. Strong verbal communication skills are required. Organization – Ability to manage several milestones and projects efficiently and simultaneously to meet deadlines. Initiative – Seeks, accepts and completes new tasks using own initiative; works independently with little supervision. Innovation – Continued education and research into UX trends to bring innovative solutions forward to enhance our product Bachelor’s or Masters Degree with a major in Computer Science or equivalent relevant experience 3+ yrs’ experience as a strong QA Analyst Understanding of the software development process Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes Experience in writing clear, concise and comprehensive test plans and test cases Experience with automated testing tools a plus Understanding of financial transactions and ERP systems a plus Heightened attention to detail & strong analytical technical problem-solving skills Strong time management skills with the ability to meet deadlines for multiple, concurrent projects Ability to quickly gain working knowledge of product, interpret requirements, and recommend solutions Strong team building skills to work well within a close team environment Self-sufficient, resourceful and work well with minimal supervision Excellent verbal and written communication skills Passion for developing a quality product for our Clients and customers 1+ years of Enterprise software implementation or Multiview Financial product experience is an asset Competitive Compensation with benefits 3 weeks’ vacation to start Company paid competitive Benefits including Extended Health, Dental, Vision and more Workplace Flexibility (Choice to work remotely in Canada or from our HQ office in Ottawa, ON) Onsite parking Health and Wellness Perks Workplace Social Events and Engagements Continuous growth opportunities 
ScrapedJobID90:
Plan, execute and report on appropriate manual testing. Review unit test coverage and report on inadequate or inappropriate test coverage. Contribute to improving our development process. Work with other CoFlow teams, understand the needs of the reservoir and production engineers who will be using CoFlow, and help develop clear specifications for new software features and acceptance tests/criteria for releases. Maintain effective communication between the development team and the QA team. Maintain and enhance an automated check-in, build and test environment on both Windows and Linux. Automated testing includes unit tests, FIT tests, and UI tests. Maintain and enhance test plans, both for manual and automated testing. Report on code coverage for unit and other automated tests and communicate areas where it would be appropriate to increase coverage. Work with project teams to develop Use Cases and draft manual tests early, to encourage a test-driven development process. Convert manual tests to integration tests (using FIT). Enter found issues and defects into issue tracking system (using Mantis). Assist in monitoring an automated build and test environment, helping to track down the cause of failed tests. A Bachelor's or Master's degree in Engineering or related discipline 3+ Years of experience in Software QA Knowledge of testing methodologies and testing tools Experience testing multi-tier architectures Programming experience with C#/C++/Java Team focused with a positive attitude, must be self-motivated, and have very good time management and communication skills both in written and verbal English In addition, some desired qualifications include: Experience in commercial Oil & Gas industry engineering software is highly desired. Cross platform (Windows and Linux) development or testing experience. 100% of the supermajors use CMG 90% of the top-10 National Oil Companies (NOC) use CMG 80% of the top-25 world's biggest oil companies, by production, use CMG 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) quality assurance: 3 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID91:
Be the guardian of the quality of software products Establish, with the development team, product specifications, then set up automated test scenarios to validate their implementation Be a full member of the development team Create and maintain a complete suite of automated tests for functional, integration, non-regression, and performance testing Improve quality assurance methods and standards as part of scrum development Actively participate, in collaboration with the product managers, in the analysis and validation of product specifications Update the user guide explaining all of the application's features Administer continuous integration servers (Jenkins) and monitor the status of tests Proceed with the development of the test engine You are good at analysis and your analytical mind is one of your strengths You are methodical You are recognized for your attention to detail and your rigor You perform well in an environment with a lot of teamwork You are like "glue" between colleagues You are comfortable and efficient in a multitasking context Un baccalauréat dans un domaine approprié Une connaissance de base du langage SQL (souhaité) Déjà travaillé sous Linux (souhaité) Travaillé avec Github (souhaité) Une connaissance de Selenium et Cucumber (souhaité) Une connaissance d’un langage orienté objet (souhaité) Une connaissance des technologies Web : HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XML (souhaité) Une connaissance de la méthodologie agile, scrum (souhaité) A permanent, full-time job A work environment where everyone can be implicated where they think they should Direct access to the CEO in a company with little hierarchy A product using the latest SaaS-based Web technologies An Agile Culture where we evolve and improve our ways of doing things constantly, incorporating new ideas and abandoning old ones A culture of continuous employee development Open-plan offices where teams work closely together towards a common goal A group insurance program An RRSP program to which we contribute A flexible work schedule A relaxed and friendly working atmosphere, in a unique building and social activities every month, in addition to daily activities (ball, frisbee) A place of work in the beautiful region of the Eastern Townships, where there is no traffic, 20 minutes from Sherbrooke and with the possibility of teleworking A mentoring program offering training and support for new employees The enhancement of participating in the growth of a Quebec company, which really has an impact on improving health care in Quebec Dogs to cuddle in the office :) A bachelor's degree in sciences, IT or in a relevant field Basic knowledge of SQL language (desired) Already worked on Linux (desired) Worked with Github (desired) Knowledge of Selenium and Cucumber (desired) Knowledge of an object-oriented language (desired) Knowledge of web technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XML (desired) Knowledge of agile methodology, scrum (desired) 
ScrapedJobID92:
Planning, developing and executing tests against client/server products Analyzing the test results Relational Databases such as MS SQL Server and DB2 Automated test tools Software development, system analysis, large scale system integration/implementation/maintenance 
ScrapedJobID93:
Test new software and hardware features Test products before they ship to customers Assess and triage defects identified in field Update QA tracking documents and create defect reports Improve testing with automation and process improvements Collaborate development with software engineers Diploma candidate for Software Engineering, Computer Programming or a similar degree Experience with Linux and shell scripting Experience working with embedded devices Experience with Git/Gitlab Strong documentation practices Exceptional communication skills, written, oral and interpersonal communication skills High level of attention to detail and accountability Exposure to and knowledge of electrical systems Experience working within a startup Entry Level Full time position which includes employee benefits and options (Great for recent graduates!) Hybrid in office and remote working environment Amazing learning environment within a collaborative, diverse, and fun team Flexible working hours (our core hours are 10:30am to 3:30pm) and flexible remote working Monthly socials (even while we are remote!) Option to take at least 1 long weekend every month (we care about work-life balance) Office (when we return) is near St. Lawrence market within a small office building 
ScrapedJobID94:
Leverage diverse testing approaches to gather quality related information about the product under test Create liaisons between the different teams at FGL and contribute to the smooth communication between teams Design, implement and execute test scenarios in order to gather quality related information about the product Write, revise and verify quality standards, test plans and test procedures to ascertain the quality of programs/software and third-party products Perform functional, system, system integration and UAT testing Identify and assist in the resolution of testing issues, defects and risks Help coordinate project deliverables and resolve issues, identify dependencies and roadblocks Provide non-production and production environment support assistance when required; Represent QA & Testing in different status meetings which may include project team members, business members, external vendors, leadership teams and stakeholders as required Assist with reporting the progress of testing and software quality to the Technical Product Manager, leadership teams, project managers and stakeholders Keep up to date of the latest emerging trends in the testing industry thru personal research and by being an active member within the industry Minimum 3 years of experience in a software development environment including 2+ years in QA/Software Testing BS in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Systems, or a Minimum of 6 years’ experience in the IT industry, specifically, as part of a team responsible for delivering software quality assurance to IT projects SQL knowledge/experience Demonstrated knowledge of QA and Software Testing methodologies and practices Experience i n the creation and execution of test scenarios to gain knowledge about the quality of the product under test Knowledge of retail, POS, warehousing/inventory, supply chain or finance industries an asset Bilingual: French/English, written and spoken A passion and enthusiasm for exploration, discovery, learning, investigation and analysis of software products Experience working in a highly integrated, multi-project environment Knowledge of both traditional waterfall and Agile project methodologies Detail oriented personality complimented with strong analytical and problem solving skills Excellent organizational and planning skills 
ScrapedJobID95:
Assists in establishing QA functions modeled on ISO 9000:2000 standards and Good Laboratory Practices (GLP’s). Performs daily QA tasks and duties such as: Maintaining formal documentation of laboratory processes (SOPs). Conducting internal and external audits on a regular basis and reporting audit findings in an accurate and timely manner. Maintaining a comprehensive corrective and preventive action program. Maintaining a validation program for instrumentation and procedures. Scheduling and prioritizing repair and preventative maintenance of laboratory equipment. Communicates quality policy, metrics and trends to GSC staff. Participates in the design and development of LIMS and other laboratory software. Assists in conducting training sessions for production staff. Maintains training records. Assists in the provision of input to the technology development staff regarding the development of improved laboratory workflow and procedures. Performs other related duties as assigned. Ability to work effectively, independently, and as a member of a team. Demonstrated ability to organize work and establish priorities. Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing. 
ScrapedJobID96:
Candidate must be located in US (Remote) or Vancouver, B.C. Perform manual testing, the scope of which will encompass all functionalities of services as a prequel to automation Own projects, from requirement and design reviews to creating a test plan and performing manual testing Partner and communicate with product management and engineering teams to develop and execute test plans for iOS and Android based Tile features Work closely with software developers in the release cycle process Identify, validate, report and track product defects and improvements Ensure that Tile products ship with an exceptional level of quality Continuously learn product knowledge and optimize testing processes Comfortable working in an agile environment Motivated and self-driven Curious and not afraid to seek out and ask questions across different teams Maintain focus while working in complex technologies in a fast paced environment Interested in learning new skills in quality engineering Efficient - Agile - We have daily standups, work in 3 week sprints, followed by a retrospective. We expect great communication, organization, and focus Adaptable - Things change quickly and our team is very collaborative and adaptable We care - Tile is expanding and this comes with some growing pains. We are constantly identifying gaps, calling out processes that aren’t scaling with the business and we sometimes have to take on extra responsibilities 3+ years of manual testing experience Understanding of QA methodologies, life cycle and processes Experience with writing and executing test plans Excellent communication skills and can work unsupervised Experience with Jira and Confluence, or equivalent Experience with testing mobile applications (iOS/Android) Proficient in Java, C# or similar programming languages. Experience developing high quality test strategies and test automation Experience with at least one automation testing tool (Selenium, Appium, Cypress or similar tools) Experience with bluetooth technology Experience with HTTP Proxy tools, Postman, Push notification tools, Xcode, Android Studio, ADB tools, Jenkins Experience with API testing Own equity in the company - every employee is a stakeholder in our future Work with an adept team of people who love what they do Flexible work program Comprehensive health insurance, dental, vision, 401k, and pre-tax commuter deduction Hybrid/ remote work environment, depending on position 
ScrapedJobID97:
Lead specialized development projects, initiatives and activities that significantly impact the entire organization Advise your clients and partners to help them position, plan, develop, execute and monitor strategic projects and initiatives Develop and update policies, standards, models, IT solutions and programs to support your unit’s strategic projects and initiatives Identify, analyze and diagnose major issues and make recommendations to decision-making bodies Represent your unit before decision-making bodies Represent Desjardins’s position when making agreements with external partners and organizations Number of jobs available : 1 Bachelor’s degree in a related field A minimum of six years of relevant experience For vacant positions available in Quebec, please note that knowledge of French is required 
ScrapedJobID98:
Design and build test cases and analyze the results. Design, develop and execute automation scripts. Plan and prioritize testing requirements. Communicate issues, risks, and test status in a timely and detailed manner to all stakeholders. Prepare reports on all aspects related to software testing. Review software requirements and prepare test scenarios. Understand in-depth business processes for cross-functional areas and provide strong technical arguments to influence decision making. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical field. Certification in a Quality Assurance program or CSTE, CSQA, Six Sigma or CMMI, an asset. Experience in Software Testing, QA methodologies, testing processes and testing tools. Extensive experience developing test plans, test scenarios, test cases, and proposing process improvements. Strong end-to-end knowledge of SDLC (software development lifecycle). Experience in testing mobile and desktop applications (Web App, Android) Knowledge of defect management processes and defect lifecycles. Good organizational skills and detail-oriented mindset. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. 
ScrapedJobID99:

ScrapedJobID100:
Salesforce and Zendesk Account, Field, and Support Services clean up. Develop queries analyzing QA data to reveal insights and trends, for output on a dashboard. Develop custom reports with QA data, by request. Configure assessment forms, page layouts, and user profiles in a QA management platform. Migrate KCS assessment processes to a QA management platform, by configuring assessment forms, page layouts, and user profiles. Test user workflow in a QA management platform. Design a database structure and user interface for storing and modifying supplementary QA data. Required skills: Beginner SQL skills (use aggregate functions, WHERE clauses and CASE statements; differentiate between LEFT JOIN, INNER JOIN, etc.) Familiarity with database design and data modeling Familiarity with Tableau, Data Studio, Oracle BI, or other business intelligence software Intermediate Excel and/or Google Sheets skills (VLOOKUP, logical functions, lookup functions, conditional formatting, etc.) Proficiency writing search queries Bonus skills: Proficiency using Javascript, Python Proficiency using spreadsheet macros Familiarity with Salesforce 
ScrapedJobID101:
Lead multiple quality assurance teams to design, develop and execute software tests. Managing performance of team and direct reports through 1:1's and annual appraisals. Evaluate, interview, hire and onboard new employees. Prioritize short- and long-term objectives. Evaluate, interview, hire and onboard new employees. Promote culture, diversity, and inclusion within the QA department. Resolve conflict and remove roadblocks for QA teams. Guiding team on testing priorities through release cycles Experience Leading QA team(S) to follow processes and procedures that adhere to departmental standards. Experience resolving conflict and interpersonal challenges on the QA teams. Experience working with Development Managers, Scrum Masters and Product Owners to collaborate through successful release cycles 5+ years as a Quality Assurance engineer 3+ years leading a QA Team. Strong communication skills, both verbal and written Experience identifying gaps in testing both manual and automation, to provide guidance on deficiencies and how to rectify. Familiarity on reporting metrics for team's progress and performance Ability to work unsupervised, is self-directed and motivated to take ownership and drive improvement. Experience providing technical know how for reporting team members. Hands-on experience as a QA Engineer with involvement in test design, design, and implementation across many disparate technologies Hands-on experience in design, develop and execute software tests, and solid understanding of Scrum Technology & Agile development Scrum experience University degree or equivalent in a business or IT related discipline or equivalent professional experience in a software testing environment. 
ScrapedJobID102:
Primarily responsible for overseeing and assuring compliance with GPP Activities; Sanitation, PPE, Health & Hygiene practices, Production, Packaging, destruction, Sampling, and Testing etc. as per company policy & procedures and ensure compliance with Cannabis Act & its regulations. Establish and implement Standard Operating Procedures in accordance with Cannabis Act & regulations and Good Production Practices. Perform Documentation Review (i.e. Batch Production Records, Packaging & Labelling Records, SOPs, Deviation/CAPA, Change Control, CoA, CoC etc.) with high attention to detail using working knowledge of quality concepts and internal procedures. Perform investigation of quality related events; Deviation/Incidents, OOS/OOT, Customer complaints, Non-conformance Reports (NCR). Assist QAP in Review of regulations, documents and reports pertaining to the Cannabis Regulations, Non- conformance Reports (NCR), Corrective Action Reports (CAR), Food and Drugs Act (FDA), Controlled Drugs and Substances Act (CDSA), Pest Control Products Act (PCPA) in order to stay current on applicable legislation as it pertains to the role. Approve and release starting materials; packaging materials; intermediate, bulk and finished goods. Responsible for review and approval of Third-party labs, Service Providers, GPP Materials, Suppliers/Vendors, and Clients. Responsible for performing Environmental Monitoring: Air, Water, and Surface Quality Testing. Responsible for Product sampling (for Batch release, Retention, and In-process etc.), and coordinating with third party labs to submit samples, receive & review test results and address any OOS results. Implement and co-ordinate Change control Program, Quality documentation issue, review, and distribution. Assist in third party & regulatory inspections and perform internal audits. Assist in developing Quality Strategies, KPI metrices, policies and procedures. Assist in Qualification/Validating and commissioning of Equipment, Instruments and GPP rooms Bachelor of Science Degree (BSc) in Chemistry, Biochemistry, Pharmacology, Pharmacy, Microbiology, Biological Science or Chemical Engineering. 1- 2 years of experience within the cannabis industry is required. 4+ years of experience as a QA/QC professional in Cannabis, Food, Pharma or Natural health product Industry. Must hold an Active Health Canada Security Clearance and A/QAP Status. Experience in Health Canada GMP, GPP, HACCP, GAP regulated Cannabis environment with proficiency in documentation, analytical testing, and QA systems. Knowledge of plant chemistry, extraction systems and Analytical method validation is preferred. Familiarity with the latest industry E-QMS software for production management, recording, and monitoring. Experience with Sage ERP an asset. Ability to handle a fast-paced working environment with rapidly changing priorities. Knowledge of GMP, HAACP, ISO 9001, ISO 17025, and Health Canada Cannabis Act rules and regulations. Strong organizational skills, including the ability to manage time, set priorities and handle many obligations at the same time Some heavy lifting may be required. Exposure to chemicals and chemical processes. No Overtime pay Extended health care Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID103:
2+ years’ experience working in a Quality Assurance Environment. Agile QA Best Practices. Clear and concise verbal, written and interpersonal skills including the ability to work in teams. Strong analytical capability and trouble-shooting skills to de-bug products according to company’s QA process and methodologies. Technical documentation writing skills and hands on experience with Robo Help and Adobe Frame maker. Knowledge of software testing methodologies and the Software Development Life Cycle. Outstanding organizational skills, attention to detail with an ability to take work direction and communicate effectively. Able to write reports/correspondence/procedure manuals, present information and respond to questions from managers/customers/peers. Working knowledge of SQL and SQL Queries is an asset. Ability to work unsupervised as well as part of a team. Strong time management . Use time effectively and efficiently concentrating efforts on most important priorities. Action-oriented, capable of working with little or no direction at times. Strong organizational skills : use resources effectively and efficiently. Arrange information and files in a useful manner. Effectively cope with change/ambiguity and shift gears comfortably. Ability to learn on-the-fly (specifically items that may be technically oriented). Set priorities based upon deadlines and, at the same time, be able to adapt to frequent change. Working knowledge of the Microsoft Office suite (Word, Excel, Outlook). Experience working with Jira. Design a testing strategy for a new product development project. Design and execute test cases. Test deliverables in adherence to best practices. Prepare test plans, test cases and test status reports for required projects/enhancements. Execute regression and functional tests, recording the results and defects. Execute testing based upon the performance testing timelines associated with the release schedule. Web and mobile software testing. Document defects, assisting with their resolution. Document and convey all test findings in a clear and concise manner for the development team. Record bugs and features in our JIRA ticketing system Participate in the delivery of products for clients. Participate in the training of products for clients. 
ScrapedJobID104:
Represent testing competency during generation of acceptance criteria for user stories Accountable for review of acceptance criteria for completeness/correctness with regard to requirements/testability Ensure team implemented acceptance tests accurately address acceptance criteria Support test design/implementation as required Ensure completed user stories meet covered requirements, functionality, and style guides Raise issues identified with the development team and work collaboratively on resolutions Support product owners in review/acceptance of user stories Support design of intuitive and immersive user interfaces Mentor and grow the skills of team members via conversations, review of work products, etc. Participate in estimation efforts for new tasks Provide feedback and suggestions to improve standards, tools, processes, etc. Other duties as will be assigned from time to time by management or a team lead Strong requirements analysis and test case identification skills Strong practical knowledge of testing techniques Strong analytical and problem solving skills Strong written/verbal communication skills Intermediate programming knowledge
Ability to read/understand C/C++/C# code Ability to read/understand C/C++/C# code Bachelor degree in Software, Computer, or Electrical Engineering or Computer Science 5+ years of relevant experience Highly motivated, enthusiastic, and a positive thinker Automated testing Test driven development (TDD, ATDD, BDD) Agile development Continuous integration/build automation 
ScrapedJobID105:
Perform manual end-to-end testing of our software and systems in the various sandbox, development and cross-browser/platform environments Assist in the test management process by:
Reporting on testing progress and status to Developer Lead(s)
Documenting test cases run and logging issues in detail
Collaborating with Developers to resolve problems found in a release cycle by assisting in diagnosis and replication of issues
Reporting on testing progress and status to Developer Lead(s) Reporting on testing progress and status to Developer Lead(s) Documenting test cases run and logging issues in detail Collaborating with Developers to resolve problems found in a release cycle by assisting in diagnosis and replication of issues Reporting on testing progress and status to Developer Lead(s) Develop and document software efficient test plans and user flows Execute manual and automated test plans and troubleshoot, report and track defects through to resolution Work with the product stakeholders and our software development team to troubleshoot and resolve identified issues and defects Create accurate and high-quality reports on time and in the format specified by the company Use a Defect Tracking System (i.e.: Jira) to track and report problems with the software Actively contribute to the continuous improvement of testing strategy and methods Manage multiple tasks and adhere to project and development schedules Positively and actively support effective communication, encourage and provide constructive feedback Attend daily stand-up (virtual) scrums to report on testing progress and identify any impediments or roadblocks Actively collaborate and participate in Streampoint’s culture and values Additional quality assurance or other duties as assigned by the leadership team. Experience in automated web application testing such as Moq, xUnit and Jest Experience in load testing software such as Loadimpact, K6 or others Any underlying programming knowledge in languages such as C# and Javascript. Solid understanding of QA testing methodologies and practices A thirst for knowledge and a passion for learning and understanding new and evolving products, technologies—as well as a desire to know just what keeps our clients up at night. You’ll arm yourself with product knowledge, leveraging your team to fill in any gaps while being more-than-capable of researching and troubleshooting issues on your own A passion for identifying and problem-solving technical and software bugs. You care deeply about the client’s experience withStreampoint Solutions, our products, and our people. You’re a multitasking wizard to ensure projects are completed in a timely manner The ability to work independently and as part of a team. You have the experience and capabilities to work effectively on your own to get tasks done while still being able to collaborate and build strong internal relationships without supervision Excellent communication abilities. You’re able to present, communicate verbally and written, negotiate, and be a creative problem solver. Bachelor Degree or equivalent 1+ years in Quality Assurance work experience in Web Application and Software testing Excellent verbal and written skills with the ability to collaborate and communicate effectively Experience using project tracking software is considered a strong asset (ie: JIRA) Proficient with Quality Assurance principles and best practices Familiarity with test case management systems and test management tools Computer literate in GSuite, MS Office, Slack, intermediate Internet competency and experience with task management. must be willing to learn new internal systems that may be implemented You are an expert at troubleshooting and diagnosing system issues with an attention to detail Must thrive and work well under pressure, excel with tight deadlines, and have excellent attention to detail Critical thinking and good problem-solving skills Ability to work autonomously and in a team Great planning and organizational skills Have independent decision-making abilities. 
ScrapedJobID106:
Perform manual end-to-end testing of our software and systems in the various sandbox, development and cross-browser/platform environments Assist in the test management process by:
Reporting on testing progress and status to Developer Lead(s)
Documenting test cases run and logging issues in detail
Collaborating with Developers to resolve problems found in a release cycle by assisting in diagnosis and replication of issues
Reporting on testing progress and status to Developer Lead(s) Reporting on testing progress and status to Developer Lead(s) Documenting test cases run and logging issues in detail Collaborating with Developers to resolve problems found in a release cycle by assisting in diagnosis and replication of issues Reporting on testing progress and status to Developer Lead(s) Develop and document software efficient test plans and user flows Execute manual and automated test plans and troubleshoot, report and track defects through to resolution Work with the product stakeholders and our software development team to troubleshoot and resolve identified issues and defects Create accurate and high-quality reports on time and in the format specified by the company Use a Defect Tracking System (i.e.: Jira) to track and report problems with the software Actively contribute to the continuous improvement of testing strategy and methods Manage multiple tasks and adhere to project and development schedules Positively and actively support effective communication, encourage and provide constructive feedback Attend daily stand-up (virtual) scrums to report on testing progress and identify any impediments or roadblocks Actively collaborate and participate in Streampoint’s culture and values Additional quality assurance or other duties as assigned by the leadership team. Experience in automated web application testing such as Moq, xUnit and Jest Experience in load testing software such as Loadimpact, K6 or others Any underlying programming knowledge in languages such as C# and Javascript. Solid understanding of QA testing methodologies and practices A thirst for knowledge and a passion for learning and understanding new and evolving products, technologies—as well as a desire to know just what keeps our clients up at night. You’ll arm yourself with product knowledge, leveraging your team to fill in any gaps while being more-than-capable of researching and troubleshooting issues on your own A passion for identifying and problem-solving technical and software bugs. You care deeply about the client’s experience withStreampoint Solutions, our products, and our people. You’re a multitasking wizard to ensure projects are completed in a timely manner The ability to work independently and as part of a team. You have the experience and capabilities to work effectively on your own to get tasks done while still being able to collaborate and build strong internal relationships without supervision Excellent communication abilities. You’re able to present, communicate verbally and written, negotiate, and be a creative problem solver. Bachelor Degree or equivalent 1+ years in Quality Assurance work experience in Web Application and Software testing Excellent verbal and written skills with the ability to collaborate and communicate effectively Experience using project tracking software is considered a strong asset (ie: JIRA) Proficient with Quality Assurance principles and best practices Familiarity with test case management systems and test management tools Computer literate in GSuite, MS Office, Slack, intermediate Internet competency and experience with task management. must be willing to learn new internal systems that may be implemented You are an expert at troubleshooting and diagnosing system issues with an attention to detail Must thrive and work well under pressure, excel with tight deadlines, and have excellent attention to detail Critical thinking and good problem-solving skills Ability to work autonomously and in a team Great planning and organizational skills Have independent decision-making abilities. 
ScrapedJobID107:
Identify risk areas, understand performance requirements, estimate response and throughput Develop and maintain testing documentation with test case descriptions, expected and actual Complete test activities on hardware, software and mobile applications Participate in functionality reviews, release readiness reviews, documentation reviews Understanding and interest in Web services such as RESTful API, NGINX, Apache, NODEjs 3-5 years experience in a QA role Educational background in software dev’l (BSc. preferred) or related experience Strong interpersonal and reporting skills, ability to work autonomously within a team Previous work experience in an Agile environment  Knowledge of SQL and NoSQL based databases such as PostgreSQL and Couchbase Knowledge of mobile testing for Android and IOS devices Experience with test methodologies and their applications 
ScrapedJobID108:
Review and provide your input for the product requirements, user experience specifications and technical design specifications. Develop and maintain test strategies, test plans, test cases and present test result for the assigned projects. Contribute with the enhancement of our test automation framework by supporting new features and improving test efficiency. Propose new solutions when needed. Analyze test results and failure analysis. Apply facts/data driven metrics to continuously improve test efficiency. Collaborate improving the product quality by identifying, developing and implementing innovative QA capabilities, strategies, and approaches Develop, operate and maintain a highly automated Continuous Integration tool chain Develop and execute automated test cases during the different phases of testing. That may include also the need of running manual test scenarios when required. Enhance the QA practice by bringing new ideas and improvements to the team. B.S or Diploma degree in computer science, engineering or related experience (5+ years of experience in QA and Dev) Proven QA experience with excellent analytical skills and experience trouble shooting complex systems Strong experience in test automation development, at framework and test case level. Very good programming skills in Python. C/C++ would be a plus. Solid experience working in Agile/Scrum based product development teams. Experience with software development and quality engineering in automotive industry is a big plus. Practical knowledge of ASPICE is a great asset for this role. Excellent problem-solving skills and strong self-reliance. Exceptional attention to detail, interpersonal communication and project management skills. Excellent team player. Proven leadership ability. Capacity to influence peers and other project members to improve the quality of our solutions. Self-motivated, responsible, accountable, can work on tight deadlines and have the discipline to bring projects into closure Solid working knowledge of CI/CD tools (highly recommended) Expert level familiarity with JIRA and Confluence Test case management tools, e.g., TestRail, x-Ray (this is a plus) Experienced in software development and integration and testing of embedded systems in the Automotive domain. Experienced with software development maturity models and their implementation following international standards such as ASPICE, CMMI, ISO etc. Following workplace security protocols and training programs to familiarize with the ways to maintain a safe workplace. Following security procedures to report any suspicious activity. Having respect for corporate security procedures to allow those procedures to be effective. Adhering to company's compliance and regulations. Encouraging to follow a zero tolerance for workplace violence. 
ScrapedJobID109:
3+ years of Manual Black Box/Gray Box software testing experience Experienced in testing REST APIs Experienced in using T-SQL (i.e. querying SQL) Experienced in performance testing Good comprehension of at least one popular programming language (C#, Java, Python, JavaScript, etc.) Strong written and oral communication skills. Fluency in written and spoken English Strong analytical, conceptual, and problem-solving abilities with attention to detail Experienced in testing Web SPAs (Single Page Application) is a plus Ability to manage multiple priorities and tasks as delegated Ability to communicate with product owners, developers and other testers on product requirements, business rules and issues Ability to work within a collaborative environment Initiative to work independently, but also able to work effectively with team members in different locations Flexibility and adaptability to business requirements and priority changes Excellent organizational, reporting and communication skills Ability to work with remote teams working from different time zones A friendly and collaborative environment Fitness subsidy program Free coffee and snacks Work from home opportunities A workplace that is conveniently located along the Yonge/Sheppard line – accessible by car, subway, bus (TTC/GO) 
ScrapedJobID110:
Develops test strategies and test plans for development and integration projects ensuring an effective and risk based testing approach to validating the integrity of systems. Responsible for the creation and timely delivery of all QA artifacts. Coordinates internal and external testing resources, manages system and data setups throughout the test cycle and supervises external contractors. Provides QA status updates and project-end reports to project stakeholders and the management group. Proactively identifies and drives the implementation of test automation opportunities. Proactively seeks out issue resolution by consulting with developers, vendors and project managers. Mentors and develops junior team members and contracted resources. Continuously improves the shared QA processes and tool use and actively cooperates in cross departmental workgroups. Responsible for Audit and Compliance, including rules and responsibilities, procedures, detailed change information, and documenting meaningful and understandable details about the system and/or applications. University degree in a relevant discipline or a two-year college diploma supplemented by industry recognized professional courses; ISTQB (International Software Testing Qualifications Board) Certification is an asset; 3-5 years progressively responsible experience in a quality assurance or software development environment; Experience in Information Systems testing; vendor management, test management, defect tracking and test reporting tools; Experience with test automation is an asset; An equivalent combination of education and/or experience may be considered. Demonstrated experience in business and process analysis and improvement; Sound knowledge of the principles, concepts, practices and techniques of the overall SDLC - specifically in the area of quality assurance; Sound experience of web application automation; Sound understanding of the following tools: Selenium SoapUI Experience with continuous integration testing and tools an asset; Understanding of B.C. gaming industry is an asset; Excellent interpersonal skills; Excellent written and verbal communication skills; Excellent problem solving and analytical thinking/innovation; Strong computer skills – MS office suite; Exceptional time management and multi-tasking skills. 
ScrapedJobID111:
Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday "Please Confirm that you are eligible for Canada Youth Grant Funding details below. To be eligible, youth must: 1. be between 15 and 30 years of age at the start of the employment; 2. be a Canadian citizen, permanent resident, or person to whom refugee protection has been conferred under the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act for the duration of the employment; and, 3. have a valid Social Insurance Number at the start of employment and be legally entitled to work in Canada in accordance with relevant provincial legislation and regulations. *International students are not eligible participants. International students include anyone who is temporarily in Canada for studies and who is not a Canadian citizen, permanent resident, or person who has been granted refugee status. Awaiting refugee status ruling, as well as those hold a visitor visa, youth visa or work visa are ineligible" Secondary School (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID112:
Manage a Quality Team consisting of Product Assurance Engineers, Quality Assurance Specialists and Configuration Management personnel located at our Kanata location Liaison with Senior Leadership Team members of the organization including contracts, programs engineering, manufacturing, business development and finance Manage quality team budget and team size Support program estimating activities with respect to the quality and configuration aspects of active programs Support to Business Development for proposal preparation responses and estimates with respect to quality activities Liaison with other MDA Quality Team Leads across the organization as part of regular Quality Leadership Team meetings Responsible for maintaining, evaluating and continually improving the company Quality system meeting ISO 9001 standards; including scheduling and performing quality audits, initiating corrective actions; investigating product failures and organizing the regularly scheduled Quality System review for the organization Site Lead Developing and delivering quality training as required Coordination of NASA workmanship training for QA personnel Coordination of COVID in house screening Managing regulatory compliance requirements such as those associated with the manufacture and delivery of lasers into the USA controlled by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Preparation of Quality Assurance Plans and EEE parts control plans and implementing project quality requirements to ensure customer requirements are met Review and approval of product electrical and software requirements and design drawings/documents, analysis, test plans/procedures/reports and performance of inspections/test witnessing for assessing MDA products and deliverables ensuring customer requirements are met Preparation of FMEA and Safety Review packages Preparation, disposition and closure of non-conformance (NCR) reports and support to internal and customer facing Material Review Boards (MRB) Determining, reviewing and approving supplier’s performance as per required specifications and conduct of supplier audits Implementing approved sampling, reporting and data analysis as required Participating in customer and supplier meetings Communicating with and providing direction to project teams on quality issues on a regular basis, and proactively assist in resolving issues as they relate to quality, Developing and delivering quality training as required Strong knowledge of Quality system principles and practices including knowledge of ISO 9001 or AS9100 Knowledge of defense and aerospace quality standards Familiar with engineering concepts and practices including electrical, optical and mechanical design and verification Experience in project management Experience writing proposals Strong computer skills in MS Office, configuration control and NCR and MRP tools Strong communication skills, both oral and written Capable of working well individually as well as part of a team Attention to detail and ability to maintain up to date and accurate records Able to obtain and maintain a Canadian Federal Government Security Clearance (minimum Secret Level II) Proven experience in application of defense and aerospace quality standards including those of NASA and ESA Knowledge of workmanship requirements such as IPC, NASA and ESA for PWB design and fabrication, circuit card assembly, harness assembly and ESD Deep knowledge of EEE parts quality and radiation requirements as well as Alert processing Experience with laser development and laser safety requirements Lean six sigma certification an asset A Bachelor Degree in Engineering or equivalent technical competence, or related years of experience in Management and Product Assurance disciplines 
ScrapedJobID113:

ScrapedJobID114:
Develop comprehensive test plans, including regression testing, for upcoming releases Proactively provide early feedback about new features and user experiences Report on testing progress and product readiness throughout release cycles Create effective and maintainable automated test suites Write, update, and maintain QA documentation Participate in retrospectives and post-mortems, offering feedback to help continually improve processes and product quality Effectively communicate and collaborate with cross-functional teams Passion for improving product quality and ensuring delightful customer experiences Ability to create and execute thorough test plans Effective use of QA automation tools Strong familiarity with testing methodologies Great attention to detail, especially around data quality and accuracy Comfortable with data and relational databases, including SQL JOIN and UNION operations Comfortable running simple queries in databases and data warehouses Strong communication skills, both verbal and written Self-motivated, with a passion for learning and continuous self-improvement 2-4+ years of professional experience as a QA engineer Experience with QA processes and tools, e.g. agile methodologies, Jira, and TestRail Experience with testing web applications or enterprise software Background in marketing or marketing software Experience with QA automation frameworks, e.g. Cypress, Jenkins, and Selenium Familiarity with API testing using command line tools Stock options Work from home Monday to Friday QA: 2 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID115:
Relaxed atmosphere Flexible working hours Developing test cases for several enterprise-level ASP.Net Core applications Configuring automated build/test pipelines Ensuring software meets the intended scope Providing guidance and feedback to developers on improving testing Creating development plans and tasks for refactoring / improvements to the software Three years C# development experience Two years C# test development experience Excellent attention to detail Ability to thrive in a collaborative, empowered, self-organized team environment Excellent analytical skills such as planning and problem-solving Experience with frontend JavaScript/React testing frameworks Microsoft SQL Server This position is entirely online Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID116:
Play a key role in the preparation and delivery of the City’s year-end individual (Trust, Library, Tourism, Enersource, 5 BIAs) and consolidated financial statements, notes and disclosures in line with Public Sector Accounting Board (PSAB) requirements. Coordinates and works with external auditors and other external agencies (e.g. Business Improvement Areas) as required. Provides accounting and quarterly financial reporting oversight and support to 5 BIAs and Enersource Corporation. Completes monthly and quarterly financial reporting; ensuring financial results are produced accurately and in a timely manner. Supports the preparation of the City’s Annual Financial Report and Popular Report. Support and lead government reporting submissions as required by the Provincial and Federal governments (e.g. annual Provincial Financial Information Returns (FIR), quarterly StatsCan surveys) Take a lead role and subject matter expert in researching technical accounting issues, implications of PSAB regulations and identifying improvements in financial reporting for the City Assist and advise business units and leaders on financial accounting matters within the organization Prepare monthly journal entries and assist in the closing of period-end and year-end processes as required Reviews Balance sheet accounts on a quarterly basis for quality assurance. Participate in implementation projects within Finance and the rest of the organization as required Identify and implement improvements to the City’s financial reporting, accounting, and reconciliation processes that reduce effort and improve speed and quality. Other duties as assigned. Possesses, or is currently working towards a Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA) Designation 3-5 years of experience in an external financial reporting environment (e.g. year-end financial statement preparation, working with external auditors, preparation and submission of government reports, etc.…). Preference to municipal public sector reporting. Previous experience in supporting the preparation, analysis or auditing of external financial statements and reconciliations. Strong technical accounting knowledge is required. Technical knowledge of accounting standards for the public sector through the Public Sector Accounting Board is preferred. Previous experience in preparing municipal specific financial reports (e.g. Financial Information Returns) is an asset Strong written communication skills, including the ability to deliver written analysis on the City’s financial position throughout the year. Exceptional analytical skills, and the ability to generate insights through large data sets through MS Office products. A strong proficiency in Microsoft Excel is a must. A strong ability to influence without authority, and to work independently on new and emerging projects. Strong presentation and communication skills, including the ability to convey complex information in a clear, concise manner Knowledge and use of SAP or other large scale ERP systems is required Previous experience with financial reporting software (e.g. SAP Blackline, Concur, Workiva, Questica, Caseware, Citywide, Questica, MS Office products) is an asset. A track record of meeting tight working deadlines and prioritizing work is essential Experience in Lean thinking of other continuous improvement methodologies is an asset Strong financial modelling skills and technical proficiency in the use of Microsoft Excel. 
ScrapedJobID117:
Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Life insurance Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday quality assurance: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID118:
Interpret production order information, including material grade, size, thread description, part description. Understand the sequence of operations for a production order. Support Machinists with setup of premium gauges to required specifications and standards for manufacturing, proficiently and accurately. Review documents, drawing numbers and revisions, material requirements, stamping requirements, ensuring current version is being referenced. Read and interpret drawings, including understanding stamping/ stenciling information from drawings. Use measuring instruments and gauges to ensure product quality standards are being met. Perform efficient receiving inspection, first off, in-process and last-off inspections of CNC and manual manufactured parts. Maintain and file clean, and fully completed inspection sheets for Argus and customer product. Verify calibration of instruments and gauges used are up to date. Undertake inspections and complete inspection reports for special processes including, swaging, stress relief, abrasive blasting, phosphating and torques. Phosphate tank testing. Responsible for final inspection, including verification that all required processes and all final documentation is completed and ready for shipment. Verify documentation complies with all customer requirements at time of shipping. Provide completed document package to shipping. Report and record all Non-conforming (NCR) products to the QA Supervisor. Provide peer training to new employees in QA department. Provide general QA and shop assistance as required. 3+ years’ experience in a Quality assurance/ control position preferred. High School Diploma required. Meet vision examination requirements of ASNT spec SNT-TC-1A. Working knowledge of all required measuring instruments, optical comparator, work instructions and Licensor specifications. Quality System and Licensor training as required. Competent using computer software including Microsoft Office, Adobe and Dynamics AX. General knowledge of products and services in relation to the oil and gas industry. Strong knowledge of safe work practices, Quality Assurance requirements, and Continuous Improvement (Lean Manufacturing) principles and the ability to impart that knowledge to others 
ScrapedJobID119:
Drive testing and test automation best-practices Design, develop and execute automation scripts Perform manual testing Improve and augment the test framework currently in use Review requirements specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases Clearly document all test cases run and passed/failed during each testing cycle. Estimate, prioritize, plan, and coordinate testing activities Identify, record, document thoroughly and track bugs Co-own the QA processes and champion continuous improvement initiatives across products Manage test environment needs, requirements and integration criteria Contribute to training activities related to quality and reliability Contribute to transforming testing team to high efficiency, automation centric testing team Stay up to date with emerging QA technologies and best practices Degree or diploma in Engineering, Computer Science or relevant field 3+ years in a software QA environment Extensive previous experience with test automation Experience with automated testing tools Previous experience in an Agile development environment an asset Previous experience with enterprise systems an asset Java/Javascript/Python experience an asset 
ScrapedJobID120:
or equivalent experience Research and development institution Computerized testing system Conduct business and technical studies Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Subversion (SVN) MS Windows MAC Intranet SQL MS Office API 
ScrapedJobID121:
Testing Expertise – Lead the analysis and translation of business requirements into test cases. Design and manage end-to-end testing activities for various projects across the business. Use your expertise in software development testing to provide clients with quality products that meet business and system requirements. Project Coordination – Identify obstacles or risks that may impact a project’s timeline or success and provide regular status updates to the business. Keep the lines of communication open with stakeholders, and escalate issues when necessary. Ensure that all test deliverables are received, approved, and aligned to your project’s timeline, budget and objectives. Leadership Skills – Provide advice to your team, including ongoing feedback and support. Proactively identify any potential issues throughout all test phases, and suggest possible improvements or enhancements. You can demonstrate experience in CETM, software development testing, automation, and process improvement principles. 5+ years of hands-on experience in a manual/automation testing lead position, as well as a pulse on innovative technology. You have experience in testing tools like Microfocus ALM, UFT/Selenium as well as writing and executing test cases. It’s also an asset if you have prior experience delivering projects using Agile/Scrum methodologies You embrace and champion change. You'll continuously evolve your thinking and the way you work in order to deliver your best. You give meaning to data. You enjoy investigating complex problems, and making sense of information. You're confident in your ability to communicate detailed information in an impactful way. You're driven by collective success. You know that collaboration can transform a good idea into a great one. You understand the power of an inclusive team that enjoys working together to create a shared vision. Your influence makes an impact. You know that relationships and networks are essential to success. You inspire outcomes by making yourself heard. Values matter to you . You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. Thrive : Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home Connect : Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity Develop : Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, and individual development planning. Prosper : Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID122:
2+ Years of Experience in the Software QA field Familiar with QA methodology and processes Knowledge in Test Cases Design Techniques and Test Cases Management in General Knowledge on Bug reporting and follow up Knowledge on Test Planning Proficient working with Agile Dev methodology Basic C #/Java development skills Basic web development HTML, CSS, FireBug/Chrome Tools Experience with SQL and basic understanding of relational databases Experience with continuous integration Automation experience is a plus Excellent written and oral communication skills Brilliance and passion for software quality A sense of humor and a friendly personality Professionalism and maturity A solid work ethic and tenacity Extreme perfectionist and never have a problem identifying subtle issues Private health insurance. Ability to work remotely full-time. Investment in your abilities & career development. Team-building activities like parties, poker nights, and soccer matches. Two weeks of paid time off per year plus an additional PTO day per year. Access to a powerful laptop workstation with a docking station and dual monitors. 
ScrapedJobID123:
Be responsible for the quality assurance of embedded software of automation products Plan and prioritize testing requirements. Design and build test cases, perform tests and analyze the result Build and maintain test plans Design, develop and execute automation scripts. Have a hands-on approach to creating your physical test environment on Vention machines (installing motors, assembling mechanical actuators, building test jigs) Have a hands-on approach to deploying your software test environment (shell commands, managing code in Git, Linux programming) Arbitrate the flow of feature and bug resolutions during the "sprints"; catch issues before they're deployed; revalidate post deployment Communicate issues, risks, and test status in a timely and detailed manner to all stakeholders. Build processes and infrastructure to streamline QA activities, increase quality and increase test coverage. Among others, this may include continuous integration, automated test suites, design and build physical test jigs and automated software configuration management. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical field. Experience in Software Testing for embedded systems, QA methodologies, testing processes and testing tools. Strong skills at finding and isolating bugs; patient, and eager to improve systems incrementally; mindful of business priorities Software programming experience: fluency with linux shells and the linux environment, with git, python, javascript, build processes & makefiles, debugging tools (gdb, pdb, nodejs debugger), awareness of communication protocols Autonomy and resourcefulness in front of industrial automation hardware. Good organizational skills, detail-oriented mindset and independant Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Proficiency with electronic circuits and monitoring tools is an asset 
ScrapedJobID124:
Work closely with the software engineering team to capture requirements for manual testing and test automation framework, define process, setup and maintain automation framework and library of automated tests for web-based SaaS apps Execute manual smoke and final acceptance testing as needed for software releases Plan, write, execute, monitor automated tests to analyze and publish results and interpretation, within scheduled deadlines Set up test data as required to reproduce issues and execute positive, negative and edge case automation testing Estimate, prioritize, plan and coordinate testing activities Develop and apply testing processes for new and existing products to meet client needs Stay up-to-date with new testing tools and test strategies Experienced in using industry standard tools to develop and maintain automated user acceptance test suites and tying them into the Continuous Integration process Solid coding experience using one or more high level programming languages (ex: JavaScript, Java, C#, Java, Python, etc) Self-starter with a learning mindset looking to contribute significantly to the team Proficient in the English language with excellent communication skills, both written and verbal are a must Minimum 4 years diverse experience in manual testing and writing code in test BSc degree in computer science, engineering or equivalent experience Experience performing quality assurance for web based software products: functional, cross-browser, stress/performance and API testing Experience in CICD process improvement and deployment is an asset Good understanding of Agile/Scrum development process 
ScrapedJobID125:
Performs random & daily audits on reports produced by medical transcriptionists. Corrects errors as required. Provides recommendations that will correct transcribing error trends including matters related to employee performance. In collaboration with the Coordinator, develops and implements the training program for newly hired transcriptionists and practicum students. Schedules ongoing training and refresher courses. Develops and enhances the audit reports to provide the necessary feedback to the Coordinator. Develops audit tools and reports to ensure quality and security of patient reports according to policy and government standards. Liaises with other programs from all sites for the purposes of gathering information and communicating transcription issues and problem resolution. Participates in establishing and preparing standards, procedures and instructions that contribute to the effectiveness of data quality of Transcription Services. Participates in meetings and works on various projects as requested by the Coordinator. Performs other related duties as required. 
ScrapedJobID126:
Work with development engineering to define and implement quality standards and processes to verify that they are met Maintain and enhance software infrastructure and processes Contribute to QA effort including writing and executing test plans and performing testing 5+ years of experience in software quality assurance or development engineering Proficiency with C, Linux/Unix shell, and scripting languages (Python, Tcl) Rigorous software development processes, e.g. Agile Parallel programming experience Embedded systems experience Assembly language/software-hardware interface experience Processor architectures Effective working with distributed development teams Proven collaborative leadership ability Excellent client-facing and internal communication skills Demonstrated flexibility in dealing with rapidly changing situations Solid organizational skills including attention to detail and multitasking skills EDA tools/terminology Web authoring/content: TWiki, CGI, etc. Eclipse development environment C++, make, Java Windows and Linux development or automation tools Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, EE or equivalent experience and skills. Must be a U.S. Citizen, or permanent resident (green card holder), no sponsorship provided 
ScrapedJobID127:
Permanent & full-time work. Group employee insurance program Group RRSP program with employer matching Reimbursement of certain fitness and sports activities expenses Reimbursement for a professional degree Continuous training and professional development Corporate values that promote respect, listening, integrity, creativity and innovation 
ScrapedJobID128:
Ensure technical quality of software through detailed testing and feedback to relevant team members. Take a proactive, problem-solving/trouble-shooting approach to identifying and solving software problems; not stopping at identifying the problem, but experiment using available information to try to narrow the possibilities and determine a suggested solution. Document, troubleshoot, and isolate issues encountered during testing utilizing internal bug database system and providing accurate and detailed reproduction steps including visuals if possible and/or other required regression information. Assist with focus testing sessions and provide summary reports. Assist in development and implementation of comprehensive QA test plans and cases. Assist in the generation and implementation of procedures for more effective and efficient testing of company products. Assist with testing using internal development tools. Contribute to a positive work environment by getting involved with all departments of the team, understanding their roles and interacting with the team on a regular basis to help gain a rounded perspective of the project. Ensure conformance of all company and departmental standards, policies and procedures. Other duties as assigned. Post Secondary degree or diploma in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience. 1-3 years experience in a software QA role. Extremely familiar with all aspects of software verification including: functionality, performance, and system testing. Meticulous attention to detail and strong problem-solving ability, in addition to honesty, strong work ethic. Working knowledge of most popular console platforms, Windows operating systems and related hardware. Deadline driven individual with strong verbal, technical, and written communication skills, creative and able to collaborate with team members with professionalism and tact. Advance skills with MS Word and Excel. Professional self-starter with a commitment to constantly upgrade skills through continuous learning. Competitive Salaries Full Benefits Package Relocation Assistance Program Company Matched RRSP Contributions Remote work options Summer Schedule Flex Hours & Paid Time off Social and Charity events and initiatives Ergonomic work stations 
ScrapedJobID129:
Use leading edge technologies to produce n-tier enterprise applications. Analyze functional specifications and create and document technical designs. Develop high-quality code that meets our product specifications and technical standards. Conduct unit testing and assist Quality Assurance staff to successfully complete QA and integration testing. Provide technical guidance and assistance to team members. Meet critical project deadlines, doing whatever it takes. Provide second-level support to internal staff members and clients as required. Visual Studio 2013-2019, .NET and C# are a must (experience with version 4.5 or later is required) Working experience with WPF/MVVM building desktop applications will be considered an asset. Must have ORM experience. Knowledge of Entity Framework 6.x will be considered an asset. Must have working experience with MS-SQL Server, T-SQL and Stored Procedures. Dependency Injection, Unit Testing, TDD, WCF, Team Foundation Server, MS Reporting Services and Windows Workflow Foundation are assets Good understanding of MS-SQL, T-SQL, Stored Procedures; Familiarity with CLR assemblies is an asset Minimum of Bachelor Degree in Computer Science or related field is required. Minimum 2 to 5 years of software development experience with above technologies/frameworks. Experience with Kanban methodology, continuous integration and TDD. Proven prior work experience developing large and complex applications. Relational database-driven and n-tier application development experience. Solid understanding of and experience with the software development life cycle. Self-starter that can work in an agile environment with little oversight and direction. Pride and craftsmanship in the work that you do. 
ScrapedJobID130:

ScrapedJobID131:
Document functional, regression, and integration tests to ensure our products work as designed for all end users. Develop, maintain, and execute test plans. Work on problems that require you to consider a wide variety of factors and use initiative and judgment to get them fixed. Work with our Support Team to investigate bug reports from users. Preferred experience and education using Windows, Linux, defect tracking software (FogBugz or similar). Experience in creating automated test scripts an asset Certified Software Quality Analyst (CSQA) / Certified Software tester (CSTE) an asset. Great communication and collaboration skills and a strong teamwork ethic. Strong technical background and analytical skills. Excellent communication skills; ability to write clear problem reports, test plans, test scripts and test results. Preference given to those with retail experience. Working knowledge of ERP and a demonstrated understanding of core financial accounting concepts. Knowledge and experience with business practices preferred. Fluently bilingual in French and English, both written and verbal. 
ScrapedJobID132:
Design and develop application test strategies, test plans and test cases based on software requirements and technical specifications for all SOTI’s product offerings. Create, implement, and maintain test coverage for SOTI’s Mobile applications. Work with the team to define the project's testing methodology and manage the test execution for small to large sized projects. Work collaboratively with test teams composed of staff drawn from various IT, business units and 3rd party resource providers. Maintain the facilitator role for the testing team; keep team focus on tasks at hand and clear roadblocks Lead and monitor the testing execution for each sprint (Agile) or testing phase Prioritize testing tasks, scenarios and test cases and track and report on testing activities. Develop automated test using mobile automation tools, UI Automation tools and BDD Offer creative and innovative solutions to complex testing issues. Follow the overall QA process improvements to ensure consistency and standardization across product lines. Work in a collaborative, quality focused role in agile development teams to shape SOTI's product offerings. 1-4 years of experience with application quality assurance team in automated or manual testing Experience in functional testing using manual or automated testing techniques, preferably using exploratory testing methodologies. Hands-on working experience with Windows, Android, and iOS Able to understand the nature and workflow of complex business and technical processes. Strong analytical skills with ability to formulate solutions for complex problems. Experience in a fast-paced project environment, working under Agile or Scrum paradigm Experience in API testing and application security Proficient in JIRA, Azure DevOps and an ability to learn quickly. Hands-on working experience with databases University degree or college diploma in computer science or related discipline 
ScrapedJobID133:
Participates in the definition and the execution of the overall testing strategy for the configuration of our pension administration system, Ariel, particularly for benefit calculations; Ensures that integration between software/system components with Ariel is effectively tested; Works with each installation team to define the test plan and execution; Establishes the most effective processes and tools to test the solution. Completing a university degree in actuarial science or any other relevant field; Excellent organizational and problem-solving skills, as well as knowledge of technology and communications; A great attention to detail; Excellent verbal and written communication skills in both French and English. 
ScrapedJobID134:
Work collaboratively in a team environment with Business Analysts, Programmer Analysts, Project Managers, as well as the functional business owners/stakeholders to ensure delivery of a quality application Conduct full analysis of requirements with the appropriate project partners and clarify discrepancies to ensure full understanding of all deliverables Provide effort estimates for testing as part of project initiation and planning Ensures QA-related deliverables meet predefined dates and time lines in accordance with the project plan Create comprehensive testing approach with High Level Test Plans and detailed functional test cases that trace requirements to tests Execute test cases and identify defects for all planned production software and data changes, including production incident fixes Create, maintain and execute automated regression test scripts using tools such as Katalon or Selenium. Create clear supporting evidentiary documents as proof of the test execution and securely archive documents for audit purposes Manage walkthroughs and provide weekly status reporting on test results to the project team Evaluate overall project test results and provide recommendation on production implementation readiness Bachelors degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering or equivalent Knowledge of standard Quality Assurance practices and measures Minimum 2 years of test automation experience is required Financial Services experience an asset Technical Knowledge:
Computer programming skills and database structure knowledge
Katalon, Selenium, JMeter, Jenkins, Bitbucket
JIRA, Zephyr, Rational Team Concert Computer programming skills and database structure knowledge Katalon, Selenium, JMeter, Jenkins, Bitbucket JIRA, Zephyr, Rational Team Concert Good communication skills (Written and Verbal) Strong analytical skills, an investigative attitude and an open mind Canada’s Top 100 Employers (5th consecutive year) 2021 Greater Toronto’s Top Employers (9th consecutive year) 2021 Canada’s Top Family Friendly Employer (4th consecutive year) 2021 Imagine Canada, Caring Company Canada’s Top Employer For Young People 2021 National HR Awards - Best Corporate Social Responsibility Program Award, Venngo Healthy Workplaces Award Workplace Benefits Awards – Health and Wellness Program Canadian Compassionate Companies Award A Canadian Compassionate Company An Imagine Canada Caring Company 
ScrapedJobID135:
Assists in establishing QA functions modeled on ISO 9000:2000 standards and Good Laboratory Practices (GLP’s). Performs daily QA tasks and duties such as: Maintaining formal documentation of laboratory processes (SOPs). Conducting internal and external audits on a regular basis and reporting audit findings in an accurate and timely manner. Maintaining a comprehensive corrective and preventive action program. Maintaining a validation program for instrumentation and procedures. Scheduling and prioritizing repair and preventative maintenance of laboratory equipment. Communicates quality policy, metrics and trends to GSC staff. Participates in the design and development of LIMS and other laboratory software. Assists in conducting training sessions for production staff. Maintains training records. Assists in the provision of input to the technology development staff regarding the development of improved laboratory workflow and procedures. Performs other related duties as assigned. Ability to work effectively, independently, and as a member of a team. Demonstrated ability to organize work and establish priorities. Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing. 
ScrapedJobID136:
Working in collaboration with Product Managers and/or Business Analysts to write concise acceptance criteria and provide comprehensive gap analysis during the development of requirements Working closely with all stakeholders, including developers, to ensure that quality is built into every step of the process, rather than at separate stages. Lead the team in planning, preparing and executing effective test efforts and walkthroughs Help manage, create, and deliver testing strategies and plans using risk analysis methodologies and tools that align with the development approach/methodology selected for their assigned project Ensure the test process, methodologies and tools are applied appropriately and that the test phase entry/exit criteria are agreed to by stakeholders and applied by the test team Communication and understanding of the impact to testing for scope changes to the project management team both from a timeline/cost and a risk perspective Prioritize testing tasks based on goals and risks of projects and ensure testing milestones, activities and tasks are completed as scheduled Support the team in creating reusable test assets for both manual and automated test scripts Lead the continuous, measured improvement of testing processes, strategies, plans and frameworks Primary liaison for testing resources and business participants on business acceptance test support Manage relationships with project team members, third party vendors/ service partners, release teams and client areas as appropriate Provide assistance/guidance to teammates on policy, procedures, testing tasks and training in general Helps in implementation of new testing strategies Be creative to solve current issues and shape the product to bring it to a higher quality Document business requirements in various forms, usually in natural-language documents, use cases, user stories, or process specifications Participate in planning sessions to improve business processes for the creation of business requirements and test cases Assess business needs utilizing a structured requirements process (gathering, analyzing, documenting, re-evaluating, and managing changes) to prioritize immediate business needs and recommends options All other duties as assigned by management Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or related experience 5 - 10 years of QA experience, with at least 5 years of solid work experience in a QA/Test Lead role Experience testing websites, ecommerce, mobile sites and native applications Experience working in an agile software development team promoting methodologies and frameworks such as Scrum and TDD Excellent communication (both verbal and written) and interpersonal skills Experience working on an e-commerce and loyalty platforms within travel is a plus Experience working in Laravel frameworks is a plus Ability to work under pressure and react with urgency, meet deadlines and produce results on time Ability to respond quickly and effectively under constant changing conditions Ability to work in a multi-function, multi-tasking, detailed environment both within a team as well as independently Dental care Employee assistance program Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Quality assurance: 8 years (preferred) web services: 5 years (preferred) E-commerce: 5 years (preferred) Microservices: 3 years (preferred) automation testing: 5 years (preferred) manual testing: 5 years (preferred) test lead: 4 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID137:
Client engagement – Meet with clients to understand their priorities, advise them on solutions, and provide a forward-looking financial plan. Use your knowledge of cash management, credit, investment and wealth protection to help clients meet their goals. Relationship building - Engage in marketing and outreach activities to show clients you value them and their communities. Grow your network, deepen existing relationships, and collaborate with others to ensure clients are connected to the right people and opportunities. Leveraging technology - Become a technology expert. Share your knowledge by introducing clients to our mobile banking applications, enabling them to better manage their banking needs. Testing Expertise – Lead the analysis and translation of business requirements into test cases. Design and manage end-to-end testing activities for various projects across the business. Use your expertise in software development testing to provide clients with quality products that meet business and system requirements. Project Coordination – Identify obstacles or risks that may impact a project’s timeline or success and provide regular status updates to the business. Keep the lines of communication open with stakeholders, and escalate issues when necessary. Ensure that all test deliverables are received, approved, and aligned to your project’s timeline, budget and objectives. Leadership Skills – Provide advice to your team, including ongoing feedback and support. Proactively identify any potential issues throughout all test phases, and suggest possible improvements or enhancements. You can demonstrate experience in : CIBC Enterprise Testing Methodology ( CETM), software development testing, automation, and process improvement principles. 5+ years of hands-on experience in a manual/automation testing lead position, as well as a pulse on innovative technology. You have experience in testing tools like Microfocus ALM, UFT/Selenium as well as writing and executing test cases. It’s also an asset if you have prior experience delivering projects using Agile/Scrum methodologies You put our clients first. You engage with purpose to find the right solutions. You go the extra mile, because it's the right thing to do. You’re goal oriented. You’re motivated by accomplishing your goals and delivering your best to make a difference. You're passionate about people. You find meaning in relationships and surround yourself with a diverse network of partners. You connect with others through respect and authenticity. You love to learn. You're passionate about growing your knowledge. You have a strong sense of curiosity. Values matter to you . You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. We work to recognize you in meaningful, personalized ways including a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, a health benefits program, defined benefit pension plan, an employee share purchase plan and MomentMakers, our social, points-based recognition program. Our spaces and technological toolkit will make it simple to bring together great minds to create innovative solutions that make a difference for our clients. We cultivate a culture where you can express your ambition through initiatives like Purpose Day; a paid day off dedicated for you to use to invest in your growth and development. CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID138:
Act as a technical lead to the Quality Assurance team; understand requirements, acceptance criteria, and coordinate testing tasks and outcomes Review project requirements, user stories, and acceptance criteria with our product and development teams Collaborate cross-functionally with Project Managers, QA analysts, and Software Development teams on a regular basis to provide constant and continuous feedback from a testing perspective Provide estimates around efforts needed for mobile, automation, and manual testing Create best practice test strategies and test cases for projects Design and execution of test plans Develop test scripts Execute automated and manual test cases Track and log defects during execution Create, enhance, debug and run test cases, triaging and sharing test results Provide proactive advice and feedback throughout the software testing life cycle for prevention and early correction of quality problem Document lessons learned and help maintain a knowledge database Quality and functionality evaluation of pre-release and released software Facilitate User Testing Defect Management and Resolution 4+ years experience in quality assurance; creating test plans, test cases, and test strategies Experience leading projects and teams from a technical perspective Test Automation experience (both web and mobile): Selenium with TestNG using Java for web test automation and Appium for mobile testing Solid understanding of the following: UI Compatibility Testing, Regression & Negative Testing, Performance/Load/Stress Testing, Defect/Bug Tracking with Jira using Xray, Agile, Scrum Creative thinking, empathy, and strong attention to detail Ability to get things done in a fast-paced environment and also adapt/adjust to changing priorities and timelines Excellent verbal and written communication skills Competitive base salary and bonus Comprehensive health and dental coverage Flexible vacation days plus paid time off between Christmas to New Year, with additional vacation days earned annually Personal learning and development fund of up to $1,000 per year Growth opportunities Flexible working arrangements Monthly team events (virtual for now!) Employee-led committees (Wellness, Events, Giving Back, Employee Experience) We review the skills and competencies required for each position and will be in touch with those who best match the role requirements. If this is you, we'll send you a short technical quiz via email for you to complete on your own time; this will give you a better understanding of the work we do as it will be reflective of the role you’re applying for. A phone interview with our People team to discuss the opportunity in more detail; we’ll learn more about you and you’ll learn more about us! A virtual interview with the Hiring Manager and other team members to go over your background, the position, and the organization in more detail; we’ll dive deeper into the job-specific and technical components of the role, as well as behavioural aspects. We extend an offer and you join our team! Offers will be contingent upon successful reference checks and background checks. 
ScrapedJobID139:
Note: open to CARICOM residents willing to relocate to Barbados Design and implement testing plans for products. Review user requirements documents to ensure that requirements are testable. Define the validation flow for various quality dimensions (features, performance, reliability, etc.). Validate that user expectations are achieved during the testing process. Follow up on test execution, collecting test metrics and suggesting process improvements. Identify and maintain test environments based on project requirements. Identify procedures and scenarios for the quality control of products and services Develop, maintain and extend an existing QA automation framework and test automation scripts using JavaScript, Selenium and Protractor Able to write complex SQL queries for backend testing and work with APIs Execute test cases and document actual results, with a high degree of accuracy Communicate quantitative and qualitative findings from test results to the development and business teams Monitor efforts to resolve product issues and track progress Ensure that the final product satisfies the product requirements and meet end-user expectations Spot areas for improvement to enhance the product's efficiency Provide support to business teams for business testing as required Adhere to existing processes/standards including testing and project management disciplines, well-defined enterprise technology delivery practices and standards, escalating escalate issues as required Continuously enhance knowledge/expertise in own area and keep current with leading-edge technologies trends Work collaboratively to identify solutions and resolve problems Participate in project and team meetings; interacting and collaborating with team members and other departments as appropriate Support other quality assurance engineers by reviewing work and providing feedback when required Other tasks as assigned by management You have a technical college or university credential in Computer Science, Information Technology, or another similar discipline You have a solid understanding of Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) and Quality Assurance (QA) requirements You have experience working in a Quality Engineer, Quality Assurance, or similar role shipping more than one software product or project You have familiarity with various components of web and mobile applications such as integrations, performance, security and reliability You have an ability to perform QA testing and lead or coordinate basic testing activities You have an ability to test from an End to End perspective (Client/Server debugging) You are an expert at writing and executing scripts and scenarios, as per methodology You have a readiness to develop testing processes, strategies, plans, methodologies You have a love of working with different teams to achieve the common goal of building an amazing product that exceeds expectations You have keen attention to detail You have strong analytical and problem-solving skills You have excellent verbal and written communication skills You are a creative and innovative thinker You are diligent and meticulous You are detail-oriented, thorough, with excellent organizational and analytical skills. You have an ability to work well with others across the business; You have an ability to work in a dynamic and fast-paced environment; 
ScrapedJobID140:
real-time visibility on how Ubisoft titles are played; and an understanding of the habits and preferences of the people playing them. Coordinate, assess, and prioritize automation testing needs + contribute to overall product strategy. Create and document test strategies and development procedures throughout the software development life cycle. Validate checklists and scenarios (test plans, scripts, smoke tests, sanity tests, and health-checks) developed by the testing team. Research QA tools that fit with the test strategy design + collaborate with interdependent teams to develop them. Define the validation flow for various quality dimensions (features, performance, reliability, etc.). Follow up on test execution, collecting test metrics and suggesting process improvements. Identify and maintain test environments based on project requirements. Define development metrics + evaluate the impact of process changes (DevOps principles). Quality assurance and software development experience Experience with JavaScript/TypeScript or Python or Java programmation Knowledge of:
QA and testing methodologiestesting and source control toolssoftware development principles, web applications/services, databases and networkingautomation frameworks (e.g. Selenium) QA and testing methodologies testing and source control tools software development principles, web applications/services, databases and networking automation frameworks (e.g. Selenium) The ability to create clear documentation and reports A collaborative spirit + proactivity and resourcefulness Solid interpersonal and communication skills Your CV, highlighting your experience, education, and skills 
ScrapedJobID141:
Work with our mobile application team to take ownership of QA related activities and tasks; drive testing strategy, architecture, and best practices Manual validation of user stories and mobile app features Develop, maintain and execute automated test scripts using C#, Appium and WinDriver Interacting with and troubleshooting various peripherals that you will integrate into your testing Establish quality metrics; monitor metrics and drive iterative improvements Report, track and verify defects in JIRA Test new features and accept user stories in JIRA Able to work independently and as part of a team Strong technical, analytical and problem-solving skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Exceptional understanding of QA methodologies, best practices and terminology Good at troubleshooting networking issues and a solid grasp of client server concepts Able to plan and lead end-to-end testing efforts of high complexity features BS in Computer Science, Engineering or related field Good understanding of relational databases Knowledge of .NET technologies Previous relevant work experience Experience working with Windows, Visual Studio, Xamarin, C# and Selenium Successful experience with continuous integration processes and tools Experience with API level testing Experience using Android, Linux and IOS Experience using the Azure environment Experience working in Scrum and Agile environment Knowledge of any content management system Experience testing mobile applications 
ScrapedJobID142:
Test automation experience in Selenium/API and one of the mainstream programming/scripting languages, such as C#, Java, Python Quick learner and strong hands-on capability. Solid knowledge of data structures, and Cloud Application Testing would be preferred Experience with complex operational systems would be preferred 
ScrapedJobID143:
Review product requirements and other technical documentation to ensure testability and completeness. Define and document the test strategy and integration/system test cases for new features. Review and validate completed work from Scrum teams for every sprint on QA integration environment by performing End to End, Exploratory, Integration, System and UAT tests. Develop test cases using Selenium and REST Assured, in a Linux or Microsoft Windows environment, for our Web Application (user interface) and our middle tier RESTful endpoints. Execute manual and automated test cases on a regular basis, measuring and analyzing code coverage over time. Perform Production Verification Testing. Collaborate closely with other teams to analyze and resolve issues. Contribute to the continuous improvement of our test automation framework and quality assurance processes. Guide and mentor junior members of the team. Good oral and written communication skills. 3+ years of experience with testing Enterprise software in a Client/Server or Web environment, focusing on Security, Performance, RESTful APIs and Web Application testing. 3+ years of experience developing automated functional tests. Solid test plan and test case writing skill. A degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent. Self-motivated, independent, detail orientated, and responsible team-player. Experience with VMWare, Windows and Linux operating systems. Show us how your analytic ability, experience and ability to think like a user help you create test strategies and cases that ensure our product quality is top notch. Experience with Confluence, JIRA, Jenkins, Test Management for Jira (Zephyr Scale), REST Assured and Selenium WebDriver. Experience with cloud environment such as AWS or Azure. Experience with Micro services testing. 
ScrapedJobID144:
Support, design, develop, enhance, and implement computer application systems and programs. Evaluate the performance of existing computer systems, plan and direct upgrades and improvements, troubleshoot problems / test and resolve issues. Provide recommendations to enhance IT systems and services. Support, administer, configure, and install software and hardware products and systems. Implement new products or upgrades in a network operating system environment by determining the feasibility, the cost / benefit, assessing the impact to all clients. Liaise with clients (including senior management and executive), partners and external vendors to resolve issues and recommend next steps. Develop, evaluate and test new technologies. Responsible for providing 24/7 first tier management and support. Research, analyze and recommend current trends, standards, practices and/or products, such as ITIL methodologies, in an IT environment. Analyze requirements and/or provide advice and guidance on IT matters to various audiences such as business partners and management. Work in a client service environment and deal directly with employees of different levels Provide access to all IT network services. Responsible for authorized changes/releases to the IT infrastructure. Responsible for Configuration Management. Computer science Network Security Telecommunications Electronics Electrical Engineering Similar engineering disciplines Business Relationship Management Program Underfill – no experience requirement. Underfill – no experience requirement. Collaboration Tools Analyst: SharePoint, Exchange, BlackBerry Enterprise Server. Network Operations Centre Analyst: the monitoring, support and management of computing and telecommunication networks including their security. Certifications in Cisco Certified Network Admin (CCNA), Microsoft Certified Systems Admin (MCSE) and ITIL Foundation certification are considered assets. Access Management Analyst: Active Directory or eDirectory tools, processes and best practices for the administration of group membership, permissions and policies relating to network, file, print and application provisioning. Change / Release Management Analyst: IT infrastructure components (networks, systems, applications, and storage), ITIL (certification an asset), good knowledge of IT Change Management / Coordination or & Release Management processes, best practices, experience in ITSM (IT Service Management) tools. Coordination toolset(s) or technologies. Configuration Management Analyst: IT infrastructure components (networks, systems, applications, and storage); ITIL (certification an asset), good knowledge of relational databases and SQL language, best practices, experience in configuration and asset management and ITSM (IT Service Management) tools, experience in IT hardware and software procurement Network / Communications Specialist: CISCO, Certified Cisco Network Admin (CCNA, MCITP, CCNP), TCIP, IPSec, SNMP, OSPF, VoIP systems. Telephony Communications Specialist: CS1000/Meridian TDM Telephone system, Telephony Manager , Nortel / Avaya voice messaging systems, Call Pilot and legacy Meridian Mail voice messaging systems, Avaya Aura Communication Manager, Session Manager, System Manager and Messaging, ISDN, SIP and H.323, LINUX operating system, Routing, VLAN’s, Tandberg video conferencing systems, etc.). Server & Storage Specialist: Server virtualization (VMware vSphere, Microsoft Hyper-V), virtual desktop infrastructures (VMware View/Horizon), public & private cloud (Microsoft Azure, VMware vRealize), virtual storage (VMware vSAN), storage fabrics (iSCSI, Fiber Channel), SAN appliances (NetApp A, E & FAS), backup systems and disaster recovery technologies (IBM Spectrum Protect, formally Tivoli Storage Manager), High availability or business continuity (Zerto), server operating systems (Microsoft Windows Server, Red Hat Enterprise Linux, CentOS), scripting languages (Microsoft PowerShell, BASH), server hardware (HPE) including converged/hyper-converged/composable infrastructures. Business Relationship Management Analyst: ITIL, ServiceNow, Business Relationship Management, building and maintaining effective relationships or partnerships for the purposes of delivering projects or services. Service Management Analyst: ITIL, process definition and improvements, performance measurement and reporting, IT Service Management platform support and administration, Service Catalog management Service Desk Analyst: IT Service Desk, providing end user support in a multi-system environment, working in a client service environment and dealing directly with employees of different levels, using IT Service Management tools (i.e. ServiceNow) Quality Assurance Analyst: IT infrastructure components (networks, systems, applications, and storage), functional, quality and/or load testing, function and quality toolset(s), technologies and/or methodologies. IT infrastructure components (networks, systems, applications, and storage), functional, quality OR load testing, function and quality toolset(s), technologies / methodologies. Enterprise Management Tools Analyst: IT infrastructure components (networks, systems, applications and storage), ITIL (certification an asset), IT enterprise tool administration and configuration, IT service management or tools / technologies and scripting languages (e.g., Shell scripting, VB scripting, etc.). IT Security Analyst: IT infrastructure components (networks, systems, applications, and storage), IT security principles and related methodologies, IT security technologies. Adaptability / Flexibility Interpersonal Skills Organizational Skills / Multitasking Problem Solving Analytical Skills Communication Collaboration Salary Grade Breakdown 
ScrapedJobID145:

ScrapedJobID146:
Develop, execute and maintain test scenarios based on new product feature requirements as well as defect fixes and product enhancement Perform QA activities that include deploying software builds into different environments, generating test data, triaging issues, reporting on testing progress and identifying risks to other teams Identify, document, and track defects using defect tracking tool Perform thorough end-to-end regression testing for every release cycle Document, track and communicate test plans, test results, analysis, and unresolved problems and reports to other teams within company. Coordinate schedules to ensure on-time delivery of all testing activities. Evaluate and identify test scenarios for test automation, develop and maintain automated test suites for optimizations Liaise with Product and Development team to identify requirements Actively participate in Agile / Scrum team to delivery high-quality feature releases on an accelerated cadence. Collaborate with Development, DevOps and Customer Support team to ensure successful completion, deployment, maintenance, and operations of solutions with focus on product quality and integrity Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or similar discipline 5+ years of relevant work experience Strong knowledge and experience in industry-standard testing methodologies, tools, and processes Solid expertise in developing test plans/strategies, test cases/scripts, traceability process of requirements to test scenarios, and quality metrics to measure product quality. Document, troubleshoot, and isolate issues encountered during testing Experience in SQL (Preferably ETL knowledge) and data validation for comprehensive testing includes functional, integration, performance and security testing Good organization, verbal and written communication skills. Ability to work closely with product owners and developers to discuss defects, errors, issues, potential problems, adherence to process and implementing new quality initiatives. A self-motivated team player able to work in a dynamic environment, strive for new technical challenges and bringing clarity to initiatives. Experience with cloud architecture and web services such as Microsoft Azure or AWS Proficiency in at least one programming or scripting languages, such as Java, JavaScript, Python, or Ruby Experience with automated testing tools and techniques (frontend, API, backend, database) Data analytics testing experience 
ScrapedJobID147:
Rédiger et suivre des scénarios de test selon les spécifications de l’équipe Recherche & Développement Implémenter, exécuter, maintenir et documenter des tests automatisés (Python) Intégrer les tests automatiques dans l’environnement d’intégration continue (Jenkins / Groovy) Participer à l’amélioration des processus et des outils communs Accompagner et former les utilisateurs au déploiement et à l’utilisation des outils internes pour effectuer les tests automatisés Collaborer en équipe dans un environnement Agile Scolarité : Baccalauréat en génie logiciel, informatique ou équivalent; Expérience : 1 à 2 ans d’expérience en automatisation de tests, et/ou développement logiciel Compétences requises :
Réalisation de tests unitaires, tests d’intégration et tests automatisés (Python, Groovy, …)
Expérience avec les technologies d’intégration continue (Jenkins, Gitlab-CI, …)
Connaissance des bonnes pratiques d’automatisation des tests Réalisation de tests unitaires, tests d’intégration et tests automatisés (Python, Groovy, …) Expérience avec les technologies d’intégration continue (Jenkins, Gitlab-CI, …) Connaissance des bonnes pratiques d’automatisation des tests Connaissances linguistiques : Bonne maîtrise du français ou de l'anglais (la maîtrise des deux langues est un atout); Compétences recherchées : Autonomie, curiosité, bonne communication interpersonnelle, esprit d’équipe; Intérêt marqué pour l’intégration continue et les systèmes de tests automatisés. Connaissance des outils et langages suivants : Batch, Shell script, Git, Gitlab, Systèmes d’exploitation Linux Expérience avec les méthodes agiles (SCRUM, Kanban…); Vous recherchez des défis stimulants qui vous pousseront à vous dépasser sans cesse. Vous rêvez d’une ambiance à la fois familiale, professionnelle, collaborative et conviviale. Vous avez besoin d’un horaire flexible et l’accès au télétravail afin de concilier votre vie privée à votre vie professionnelle. Vous souhaitez parfaire vos connaissances et votre savoir-faire en côtoyant des chercheurs, des innovateurs, des scientifiques qui ont tous un point en commun, la Passion. Vous avez fait le choix d’être un collaborateur important pour l’avancement technologie d’une multitude d’industries. Vous désirez être considéré pour vos idées, votre créativité et vos talents. Vous connaissez votre valeur et recherchez une rémunération globale concurrentielle. Vous ne voulez pas un simple emploi, vous voulez une carrière ! Write and follow test scenarios according to the specifications of the Research & Development team Implement, run, maintain and document automated tests (Python) Integrate automatic tests into the continuous integration environment (Jenkins / Groovy) Participate in the improvement of common processes and tools Support and train users in the deployment and use of internal tools to perform automated tests Collaborate as a team in an Agile environment Education: Bachelor's degree in software engineering, computer science or equivalent; Experience: 1 to 2 years of experience in test automation, and/or software development Skills required :
Performing unit tests, integration tests and automated tests (Python, Groovy, ...)
Experience with continuous integration technologies (Jenkins, Gitlab-CI, ...)Knowledge of test automation best practices Performing unit tests, integration tests and automated tests (Python, Groovy, ...) Experience with continuous integration technologies (Jenkins, Gitlab-CI, ...) Knowledge of test automation best practices Language abilities: Good command of French or English (fluency in both languages is an asset); Desired skills : Autonomy, curiosity, good interpersonal communication, team spirit; Strong interest in continuous integration and automated testing systems. Knowledge of the following tools and languages: Batch, Shell script, Git, Gitlab, Linux operating systems Experience with agile methods (SCRUM, Kanban...); You are seeking stimulating challenges that will constantly push you to do your best You dream of a family environment that is also professional, cooperative and friendly. You need a flexible schedule and the ability to telecommute in order to balance work and home life. You want to continue to expand your knowledge and know-how by working side-by-side with researchers, innovators and scientists who share one thing; Passion. You have chosen to be an important contributor the technological progress in a multitude of industries. You want to be recognized for your ideas, creativity and talents. You know your worth and seek a globally competitive salary. You don’t just want a job, you want a career! 
ScrapedJobID148:
You enjoy understanding the customer and to be the first “customer” of a release to focus limited energy on the areas of highest impact on quality You gain satisfaction when finding the flaws in a system (both implementation flaws and scope flaws) in the places people forget to consider You are organized, methodical, and a guardian of the quality processes You find it rewarding to work in teams, and mentor Designing, writing, performing, and tracking test plans for our overall system (on-premises BluWave-ai Edge, and BluWave-ai Center as Cloud Services), which includes validation of use cases (including the AI use cases), REST APIs, WebApp User Interfaces, and the system life-cycle Develop an automated testing tools for sanity, smoke testing, and beyond for a data-driven product line Become the customer and form your own opinions for how things should work by collaborating across departments, especially Product Management, Power Systems, Data Science, Sales Working in an agile environment with the overall team to ensure overall quality, including providing functional and design feedback, creating and tracking defects, improving quality processes, improving coverage Contributing to estimation, and scheduling of QA activities Participate in evolving the team’s processes so we’re efficient, and loving what we do 5 years experience in professional software testing Track record for developing a grey-box understanding of complex solutions Experience crafting test plans and suites to maximize coverage with limited resources Excellent analytic and troubleshooting skills to narrow down the cause of an issue, and reproduce Strong ability to work with unknowns and how to mitigate them Experience build an automated testing tools for covering end-to-end sanity, and smoke testing Experience with testing distributed microservice architectures Experience with testing tools for web applications Experience with testing Linux based applications Experience with testing data driven web applications Ability to develop scripts to increase Quality Assurance efficiency Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Math, or equivalent Clear verbal and written communication and the ability collaborate effectively in a geographically dispersed working environment Familiarity with IOT communications methods Experience with electric utility products, SCADA systems, power-control systems Knowledge, skills, and professional networking in one of the most exciting and positively impactful technology domains that is an intersection of electrical engineering, machine learning, software development, and data science Startup experience and ground floor opportunities for growth in a team that includes PhD Smart Grid Engineers, Data Scientists, recent grads and seasoned business professionals Competitive compensation High quality of life and career in Canada's National Capital Region Working on a team with a serious approach towards our work, rather than ourselves, together with fun and random team events. You will get the opportunity to come up with one! 
ScrapedJobID149:
Implement and maintain the quality management system, including HACCP and SQF, to ensure the continuous quality Ensure that food safety and quality assurance programs are properly implemented and maintained by following regulatory guidelines through auditing/inspection, product quality control, and data entry. Provide support to operations with the objective of meeting food safety and quality requirements, while maintaining production efficiency. Present a professional and respectful attitude when dealing with both internal and external contacts, and will work towards facilitating a team atmosphere within the company. Translate and incorporate good manufacturing practices (GMP) into operational practice. Perform food safety and quality critical control point checks on process as outlined in the HACCP and Quality Program requirements. Work directly with production staff on testing protocols and requirements to meet and exceed quality and safety requirements. Ensures production management is aware of deviations from requirements One years or more experience in a food processing environment preferred Ability to read, understand, and follow documents and procedures Proficiency with Microsoft software is required Ability to work in team setting or independently with minimum supervision Good analytical and logical problem-solving skills Strong organizational skills. Good verbal and written communication skills Dental care Discounted or free food Extended health care Paid time off 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Quality assurance: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID150:
Experience working on end-to-end Software Testing Life Cycle projects Good Knowledge of JIRA, confluence Monday to Friday quality assurance: 3 years (preferred) Salesforce: 1 year (preferred) Unix/Linux system commands: 1 year (preferred) Banking/ Financial: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID151:
Develop Quality Assurance (QA) strategies and standards Execute and clearly document test plans covering all aspects of testing for software quality Identify bugs and create reports to highlight the status of all modules Coordinate with the development team, other Quality Assurance Analysts and the Team Lead for the development of effective test plans and strategies Perform QA on various phases of the software development life cycle including requirements analysis and solution design Write QA test scenarios that have clarity and are transferable Ensure all QA activities are completed and signed off in the expected time frame prior to deployment of solutions and changes Configure tools and environments for testing Prepare and present reports for management review and sign-off Participate in the continuous improvement of test processes and methodologies At least 5 years of experience in software testing Demonstrated expering testing all the aspects of software to ensure delivery of quality products Experience in writing clear, concise and comprehensive test plans and test cases Experience in the practical application of Quality Assurance metrics and methodologies Familiarity with the software development process Experience with coordinating or managing User Acceptance Testing Hands-on experience with automated testing tools would be considered an asset Ability to work with both local and remote teams and resources 
ScrapedJobID152:
Provide raw material, in-process and finished goods analysis, and other assignments as the need arises. This includes finished goods, composites, in-process studies, raw material evaluations, and environmental requirements as well as customer assistance. Preparing and analyzing samples using: GC HPLC GPC FTIR CAV (Viscosity) Titrations And other chemical analysis using a wide variety of instrumentation Performing wet chemistry analysis Maintaining analysis results in lab books, Laboratory Information Management System (LIMS) and SAP systems. Assist the plant in troubleshooting and improving production processes. Participate in daily, weekly and monthly calibrations and verifications on various lab instruments. Participate in the facility’s Safety Program, including Work Area Checklist, PAUSE cards, Near Miss reporting and safety audits. Maintain safe, productive, and environmentally acceptable working conditions in the laboratory area and adhere to all plant and laboratory safety rules, policies, and standard operating procedures. Minimum Chemical Engineering Technologist; Bachelor of Science in Chemistry preferred. Statistical process control and statistical quality control. Hands-on experience in a QA/QC laboratory in a manufacturing environment preferred. Demonstrated interpersonal and teamwork skills. Strong communication skills; both orally and written. Knowledge of Six Sigma and ISO 9001 is desired. Knowledge of instrumentation software and IT desired. 
ScrapedJobID153:
You bring a wealth of experience bringing technology to life You have distinctive problem-solving skills and impeccable business judgment You possess excellent written and verbal communication skills Thrive in a fast paced, but rewarding environment A curious nature and a drive to continuously learn and improve Drive innovation and streamline overall Testing Process The role has expectations to evolve into a leadership position over the QA team and QA contractors. Work with software developers to develop unit tests Oversee and execute test cases in early stages Implement metrics and tools for test coverage and performance while developing and advocating for software QA processes and quality systems that fit into a sprint-based agile development processes Develop a realistic forward looking road map to further develop of the QA process as the business grows Develop stable and robust automated regression tests and test automation frameworks. Management of engineering requirements and traceability to test coverage while extending and improving current root-cause analysis processes Support risk analysis, and failure mode effect analysis process Owner of source code and documentation, responsible for version control, release management, and data repositories. Interact efficiently with the development team Ability to set up CI/CD pipelines White-box Functional, Test Automation and Performance testing. Perform related duties as assigned, within your scope of practice Analyze and clarify requirements with a business analyst Create test plans and write/execute manual tests for backend applications and APIs. Write test cases and automation test scripts Conduct functional testing Document errors (create tickets) Identify problem areas in products, and log them to a tracking system Discuss fixes with developers Track the life cycle of errors Work effectively with the Development team to quickly isolate, report & debug issues & bugs. Re-test fixed defects Perform related daily duties as assigned, within your scope of practice Maintain test documentation Maintain configuration and source control Clear backlogs and identify bottlenecks The QA lead will also be responsible for configuration management, version control, and release management. Perform related weekly duties as assigned, within your scope of practice Monitor and control the QA process Perform scalability and load testing of APIs, Services and Big Data Pipeline Jobs. Perform related monthly duties as assigned, within your scope of practice Analyze the testing process Identify deficiencies in the process Recommend solutions and enhancements Implement solutions enhancements Optimize and improve the testing process Perform related quarterly duties as assigned, within your scope of practice Plan/re-visit the QA/testing process Update and scale the process as needed Identify additional required resources and tools Perform related annual duties as assigned, within your scope of practice Daily scrum stand-up Monthly report on products testing performance Quarterly/Annual reports on process performance and enhancements Produce related reports as assigned, within your scope of practice QA management plan Configuration management plan Issue logs (tickets) Performance reports Produce related deliverables as assigned, within your scope of practice Familiarity with JIRA or other issue tracking software AWS is an asset QA automation tools Visio or other workflow development tools Undergraduate Degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or other related field is an asset Graduate degree of certification in Software Quality Assurance is an asset quality assurance: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID154:
Drive consistency and standardization for process assurance across the product development lifecycle (requirements management, development, functional and system test, release management etc.) Design, develop and drive test automation processes, tools, and implementation Oversee product verification activities as well as test method development activities, automation frameworks, measurement system development & analyses Responsible for ensuring product requirements are testable and measurable Build highly skilled validation teams focused on quality assurance best practices and utilizing all appropriate validation methodologies. Develop procedures and common metrics to ensure that efficiency, collaboration, and quality standards are achieved Manage project planning, including allocation of resources, assignment and coordination Work with cross functional teams to plan and execute large scale projects Introduce optimum technical tools and applications to support testing efforts and team productivity. Perform functional, integration, and system level testing to simulate customer usage which includes onboarding, test setup, test execution, and reporting and tracking defects Maintain data and provide reporting on defects, regressions, performance trends, and team productivity. Oversee User Acceptance Testing of both payroll and accounting domains. Continually improve QA - including increased test coverage, thoroughness, devices tested, etc. Inspire the Quality Assurance team to excel and promote a culture of continuous improvement and excellence. Travel both domestic and international, and as such will need to be vaccinated Strong organizational leadership skills Ability to manage multiple, competing priorities and make decisions quickly to meet the demands of a fast-growing business Capability to support processes and digital platforms to be driven across a diversified group of business segments Knowledgeable about industry trends, best practices, and change management Strong communication skills with the ability to communicate and interact with a variety of internal/external customers and/or co-workers Strong work ethic, hands-on, detail oriented with a customer service mentality Team player, self-driven, motivated and able to work under pressure Results-oriented and demonstrated record of developing initiatives that impact productivity Proactive and solutions-oriented with experience working in ambiguity Minimum of Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field Minimum of 5 years in a management capacity Experience leading a diverse, software quality assurance team Experience with Agile development processes for enterprise software solutions Experience with leading the design and set-up of test automation frameworks, processes and tools Experience with software test design best practices, including design for reliability Experience with and understanding of Software QA methodologies (requirements analysis, test planning, functional testing, usability testing, performance testing, etc.) Experience utilizing best practices in software engineering, software test automation and testing Provides support in product design verification and validation to satisfy product and customer requirement Expert level knowledge and experience in quality assurance best practices in testing customer-orientated platforms, preferably in SaaS applications Broad and deep understanding of disciplined quality verification processes Experience with financial applications, especially accounting and payroll, is strongly desired. Competitive salary & benefits package Opportunity to make an enormous difference in a dynamic organization Ability to work remotely full-time Flexible PTO policy Opportunity to travel to other offices, including NYC, LA, and San Jose, Costa Rica Team of highly motivated and high-performing professionals, who possess a culture of excellence High-visibility role, working closely with management across all departments Report directly to the Chief Technology Officer 
ScrapedJobID155:
Analyze customer requirements and design specifications, participate in product review meetings to provide identified suggestions and feedback. Conduct back-end testing, execute SQL queries and inspect data. Execute functional, fix verification, regression, compatibility, system, integration, performance and usability types of testing as required. Create test plans and test cases for small to medium features. Perform Load and Stress testing. Perform complex manual testing based on test cases. Verify fixes to Medium to High priority defects. Analyze and reproduce issues raised by customers. Assign severity and priority to issues raised. Create and maintain product training material. Act as a resource to more junior staff and provides them with orientation/knowledge on specific product areas. Demo complex features to internal stakeholders. Review accuracy of help documentation. Provide constructive feedback during CDR and identify project scope. Identify Gaps in the design. Conduct R&D for small to medium features. Create automation scripts and recordings. Verify regression results, debug issues. Maintain automation scripts. Solid understanding of quality assurance and testing methodologies relative to software development lifecycle. Intermediate knowledge of automated testing tools. Intermediate knowledge of database queries. Intermediate knowledge of financial ERP modules. Basic knowledge of accounting principles. Bachelor's degree in computer science or QA certification, and or equivalent work. 3-5 years’ of software testing experience. 2+ years of experience testing ERP software. Experience working in an agile environment is considered an asset. Experience supporting new employees and taking on a more lead role for 1+ projects per year. 
ScrapedJobID156:
Test software for functionality, reliability, and/or performance. Report bugs and defects into an online database, ensuring that all necessary information is included and easy to understand. Contribute to the overall Test Plan, by creating, running and scheduling Test Scripts for your assigned game area(s). Effectively communicate the status of your assigned game area(s) to the Production & Development teams. Perform risk analysis and escalate issues to QA management when necessary. Participate in review of requirements and designs, communicating concerns and/or risks to project stakeholders. Provide daily status updates and trends to QA Lead and development team. Senior Quality Assurance Analyst is expected to be responsible for an entire game/scrum area. A minimum of 2 year experience in a Quality Assurance role. At least one shipped product. Experience with QA process and testing terminology. Online testing experience, with an emphasis on cross-play. Experience with Xbox One and/or PS4/PS5 testing. Working knowledge of business tools such as email, spreadsheets, word processors etc. Excellent verbal and written communication skills across multiple audiences. Ability to work within a highly functional cross-discipline team. Experience playing strategy, adventure, open world and survival games. Knowledge of network multiplayer systems, embedded QA methodologies and test automation in general. Experience working on console and PC games. Certification & guideline experience across multiple platforms. Experience leading an internal or external QA team. Experience working from home and communicating remotely. 
ScrapedJobID157:
Identifying test requirements, mapping and creating test cases, designing test coverage plans and assembling documentation. Maintaining high standards of software quality with good practices and habits. Identifying and troubleshooting errors that occur within the test suites of our products. Collaborating with other Quality Assurance Analysts and Developers as well as interacting with other teams and stakeholders while contributing to the productivity and success of the team. Minimum of 3+ years of quality assurance experience, manual and or automated testing, including working on a web development team, interpreting specifications, and testing application components. Degree or diploma in Computer Science, Software or Computer Engineering, or a related field. Must be eligible to work in Canada. Must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance as a condition of employment; this includes having lived in Canada for at least the past five years. Attention to detail in your oral and written communications and the ability to write for a technical audience. Robust analytical and problem-solving skills. Ability to manage multiple priorities and consistently produce results within timelines. Ability to develop and maintain positive working relationships team members and others. Knowledge of software development life cycle and object-oriented development methodologies, including design principles, techniques and tools. Experience with current industry-standard automated testing technologies and development tools. Experience with Katalon Studio. Certified, or be working towards attaining ISTQB Certified Tester Foundation Level (CTFL), or ISTQB Certified Tester Advanced Level (CTAL), or equivalent. Familiarity with pension administration or financial system software. An understanding of website UI and UX best practices. An understanding of web usability and accessibility standards. SQL Java, JavaScript, or Groovy scripting Databases: Oracle, PostgreSQL Issue management tools: Atlassian JIRA Test Case Management: SmartBear Zephyr Software version control: Atlassian Bitbucket Collaboration tools: Atlassian Confluence, Microsoft 365, Microsoft Teams Our Victoria office is located at the VI Tech Park, which includes a gym, a disc golf course, easy dining-out options, a bike locker, and lots of walking trails. Our Winnipeg office is located downtown in the middle of the Sports, Hospitality and Entertainment District, one block from the Winnipeg Jets’ arena. Flexible work location (home or office). Flexible work hours. Casual dress. A company that’s committed to a work-life balance. Friendly, easy-to-get-along-with team where open dialog and knowledge-sharing is encouraged and promoted. Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Have you lived in Canada for at least five years? Bachelor's Degree (preferred) quality assurance: 3 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID158:

ScrapedJobID159:
Analyze, design and develop automated, manual, behavioral, and acceptance tests Create and maintain CI/CD setup and environments Deeply involved in promotion testing and cloud promotion activities. Daily automation monitoring and proactive reporting and escalation of issues Develop and execute test plans against functional and technical requirements. Develop and maintain test strategies and test cases while performing all testing activities including functional, integration and regression testing. Identify, isolate, regress and communicate bugs effectively and efficiently. Log defects in a detailed, understandable and reproducible way, tracking all assigned defects through to closure and interacting with members of the development team to resolve discovered defects Create, maintain, perform, and upgrade test scripts as well as analyze test cases and provides regular progress reports Evaluate and communicate test coverage, “red flags” and anomalies to the Scrum team to aid in making the decision to certify releases. Perform business/requirements analysis and identify requirements traceability Take ownership of assigned product module QA efforts. Build, maintain and administer a controlled test environment Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field 8+ years of experience testing complex enterprise level applications and team coordination. Strong working experience in testing frameworks like Selenium, Protractor Strong knowledge in Behavior Driven Development frameworks like Cucumber, JBehave…etc. Strong Analysis and Communication Skills Quick learner and creative problem solver who can often work independently with little supervision and as part of a team Understands iterative software development life cycle and Agile methodologies, such as Scrum. Knowledge of Software Testing techniques (boundary value analysis, Cartesian products, decision analysis) and methodologies. Experience designing and implementing test plans and test cases (manual/automation, framework) Experience liaising with groups of people across several geographies Excellent communication and time management skills Experience on frameworks such as Enzime, Jest, Mocha Experience with JIRA as an issue management solution Development experience in RESTful APIs, Node.js, React, Angular, or Vue (Type Script), CSS, SCSS, SASS. Experience in handling performance and Security related aspects of web applications Performs development, testing, documentation, and analysis and maintenance activities related to software applications. Knowledge of Business Process Model Notation (BPMN) or Case Management Model Notation (CMMN) standards Experience working with a DevOps team or solution Experience using git as a version control system Fringe experience with building Big Data solutions on NoSQL technologies SQL concepts 
ScrapedJobID160:
Testing miscellaneous components and systems using a combination of manual and auto-testing techniques Prepare and maintain test environments involving various applications, network devices, and servers Perform unit tests and integrity tests of environments Develop and maintain tools for automated tests and reporting using shell script or other scripting languages Work closely with developers to ensure defects are correctly identified and fixed Knowledge of TCP/IP networking, firewalls, switching, and packet sniffers Knowledge of various Unix/Linux platforms Familiar with system installations, configurations, and troubleshooting Demonstrated ability to logically and analytically troubleshoot software and basic network issues Highly motivated, positive, and responsible and able to work in a collaborative environment Excellent language skills in English - oral and written Experience in any of the following is an asset: Prior experience in VLAN and VxLAN, DNS, KVM Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or similar 
ScrapedJobID161:
1+ year of experience working as a Quality Assurance Technician Experience in manual testing Experience in automation testing Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field Good Analytical skills Knowledge on QA Methodology Knowledge of Selenium, TestNG and other open source testing tools for Automation Knowledge of Java, Python, C++, or any high level programming language 
ScrapedJobID162:
3-5 years experience resource who can setup/update framework, configuration, functions and help implementing Test Automation using Cypress Manual testing Cypress hands on experience (preferably in most recent role) 2 days on site, 3 days off site Experience with selenium is a plus insurance industry experience preferred 
ScrapedJobID163:
Make an impact by solving interesting problems Participate in product direction, system architecture, and team evolution Ensure code quality using industry standards, peer reviews, automated testing Mentor less experienced developers Work with passionate people who take ownership of product features and process Have the ability to work remotely 2 days out of the week Participate in weekly learning sessions where you’ll experiment with new technologies and techniques Hosting - AWS/Heroku Backend - Rails, PostgreSQL, Redis, Sidekiq, Wordpress (Blog CMS) FrontEnd - Ember, React Native, SCSS / LESS, Version Control - Git (Github) Dev Environment - Mac + Docker Continuous Delivery with Codeship + Heroku Jira + Confluence for Issue tracking, planning, and specification Building comprehensive test plans for complicated software systems Communicating with stakeholders, developers, and product owners to ensure rich feature understanding Testing automation at a browser level with modern tooling Bonus points for experience with JS tooling like (mocha, chai, sinon etc.) Thorough manual testing background Knowledge of security best practices Testing SPA technologies - Ember, React, Angular, Backbone, etc Experience with cloud services - AWS, Heroku, Azure, etc. Experience with DevOps Experience working in an Agile / SCRUM environment 
ScrapedJobID164:
Post-secondary degree or diploma in a technical discipline and/or two or more years’ experience as a software quality assurance specialist with a solid understanding of quality assurance methodologies. Experience in a customer facing environment, supporting technical or software-based products and/or services. Experience with following are considered strong assets: 
ScrapedJobID165:
Responsible for developing and maintaining features for the Beauceron platform by contributing across the whole technical stack in an agile environment. Responsible for working in cross-team projects on new & improving existing features. Responsible for investigating, suggesting solutions, and fixing code bugs and performance issues as required. Responsible for creating and running unit tests. Responsible for documenting solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments, and clear code as required. Responsible for demonstrating the solutions to internal stakeholders. Responsible for keeping your job knowledge up to date by studying development tools, programming techniques, and by participating in educational opportunities and professional organizations. Responsible for accomplishing the Sprint Goal by completing the assigned work in a timely manner, with the expected product and code quality. Contributes to improvements to team operations by recommending changes in policies and procedures during the Sprint Retrospectives. Contributes to defining and utilizing the company standards for coding, attaining to code best-practices for scalability, reuse, UI/UX, performance, and security. Contributes to determining the features feasibility by assessing the original requirements with the Product Owners, providing timely and constructive advice, proposing alternative solutions and estimate work, if required. Supports end-to-end tests, as required. Other duties as assigned. You have professional development experience or education in HTML, JavaScript and CSS. You’re proficient in at least one or more server-side programming languages, for example: Perl, PHP, C#, NodeJS, or Java, etc.​ You are a quick learner and interested in working with different languages as required. You have a good understanding of relational databases and are proficient in SQL.​ You work well independently and as part of a team.​ Nice to have (but not required): Bootstrap, jQuery, REST APIs, Agile/Scrum software development practices, Code Versioning (Git/GitHub), Secure software development methodologies (OWASP Top 10), and Microservices (Docker/Kubernetes)​ Being local is an asset! You’re excited by the opportunity to have ownership over a role and grow with a company. We're a small, tight-knit group that works closely together. We have an excellent health and dental benefits package. 
ScrapedJobID166:
Lead multiple quality assurance teams to design, develop and execute software tests. Managing performance of team and direct reports through 1:1's and annual appraisals. Evaluate, interview, hire and onboard new employees. Prioritize short- and long-term objectives. Evaluate, interview, hire and onboard new employees. Promote culture, diversity, and inclusion within the QA department. Resolve conflict and remove roadblocks for QA teams. Guiding team on testing priorities through release cycles Experience Leading QA team(S) to follow processes and procedures that adhere to departmental standards. Experience resolving conflict and interpersonal challenges on the QA teams. Experience working with Development Managers, Scrum Masters and Product Owners to collaborate through successful release cycles 5+ years as a Quality Assurance engineer 3+ years leading a QA Team. Strong communication skills, both verbal and written Experience identifying gaps in testing both manual and automation, to provide guidance on deficiencies and how to rectify. Familiarity on reporting metrics for team's progress and performance Ability to work unsupervised, is self-directed and motivated to take ownership and drive improvement. Experience providing technical know how for reporting team members. Hands-on experience as a QA Engineer with involvement in test design, design, and implementation across many disparate technologies Hands-on experience in design, develop and execute software tests, and solid understanding of Scrum Technology & Agile development Scrum experience University degree or equivalent in a business or IT related discipline or equivalent professional experience in a software testing environment. 
ScrapedJobID167:
Provide ongoing technical leadership for Quality Assurance team of 7-10 Engineers and offshore team. Identify, discuss, vet and propose solutions, frameworks and tools to design a world class QA infrastructure catering to:
Cloud native enterprise grade solutions and products.
NoOps/DevOps/Agile methodologies.
CI/CD and Continuous Automation. Cloud native enterprise grade solutions and products. NoOps/DevOps/Agile methodologies. CI/CD and Continuous Automation. Define training, ramp-up and execution path for QA team on selected technology components and infrastructure. Conduct and lead end-to-end solution validation and quality assurance efficiency measurements and KPIs across functional and non-functional areas. Drive and deliver automation at all levels of QA: validation, operations, reporting to significantly improve team efficiency and product coverage. Resolve technical & design conflicts/issues; provide technical leadership to the QA team. Be the subject matter expert and champion of QA validation methodologies, processes, product validation coverage. Structure processes and tools to enable scaling and improved efficiencies and outcomes as the solution portfolio evolves and grows. 4+ years experience proven technical leadership of QA function preferably on cloud-based products. 4+ years experience testing complex software web applications, solutions, systems. Computer Science/Systems/Engineering degree specializing in software testing, quality assurance, web technologies. Experience juggling multiple concurrent releases and products. Experience with CI/CD, Continuous Automation test automation frameworks. Excellent understanding of Quality Control and Test Automation in Agile-based Continuous Integration environments. Understanding and experience with NoOps/DevOps/Agile software development/delivery lifecycle and methodologies. Strong troubleshooting and problem-solving skills, ability to research and investigate complex problems. Able to excel at both day-to-day tactical/operational and longer-term strategic levels. Strong team player and leader with a positive and enthusiastic attitude. Understanding of SaaS, cloud-based service infrastructure, web applications, networking, SQL, and relational databases. Experience with programming, scripting (ex. JavaScript, Java, Python, …) source code management, CI/CD pipeline tools (ex. GitLab, Jenkins, Docker). 
ScrapedJobID168:
Please note this is a 13 month contract position Upstream testing and analysis to prevent bugs from entering the product Create, maintain and execute test plans that test the product from end-to-end Be an advocate for the user before the product hits the market Able to work independently with minimum help Execute test routines for integration, system, functional and UAT Effectively collaborate with team members, including Designers & Developers, to achieve the best results Provide test reports to Product Managers & QA Manager to keep team updated on progress Minimum of 3 years of full-time work experience in QA with a focus on manual testing Experience with all phases of the testing lifecycle with a strong focus on requirement analysis, gap analysis, test case creation and execution Must exhibit strong understanding of testing processes, methodologies and standards Motivated to get involved in requirements gathering and translate that into test plans Keen interest in working in smaller, closely knit teams of Front End Developers & Designers Desire is to make QA a repeatable and scalable function, rather than having to constantly regression test You look to understand the underlying “why” of product and understand the business inside-out Proactive – you love giving feedback and strive to build a simple, better product Hands on experience with test automation testing Experience with CI servers, JScript, RSpec and Ruby (or any other OOP language) Experience with cross browser and mobile testing 
ScrapedJobID169:
Review functional and design specifications to ensure full understanding of individual deliverables. Backend database testing in MySQL environment including validating stored data, procedures, triggers and jobs Identify test requirements from specifications, map test case requirements and design test coverage plan. Develop, document and maintain functional test cases and other test artifacts like the test data, data validation, harness scripts and automated scripts. Execute and evaluate manual or automated test cases and report test results Comply with company's QA standards; provide daily test execution progress and technical reports on testing when required. Communicate defects and issues in a concise, timely and professional manner. Assist development with reproducing defects under investigations. Evaluate and report on the quality of software products and make recommendations for deployment. Work collaboratively among different teams to develop and improve QA processes Support other analysts by reviewing work and providing feedback when required BS or BA degree preferred. 4+ years of relevant QA technical experience 2+ years of experience with DevOps tools 2 + years of experience with working in Agile Methodology Experience with Jenkins tools to manage CI/CD pipelines Intermediate level knowledge of the software development life cycle, testing strategies, tools and QA methodologies Experience working with and testing web services – REST, SOAP, JSON Experience in documenting, tracking and escalating issues as appropriate, using JIRA Experience with testing for software & hardware integrations in a Lab environment. 1+ years large enterprise or e-business systems experience Experience working on products or apps with over a million users. We are proud to be certified as “Great Place to Work, Canada” TheAppLabb is a leading product innovation firm, focused on the strategy, design, and development of cutting-edge apps. TheAppLabb comprehensive 360-degree product development process includes ideation, research, app strategy, design, development, maintenance, and customer acquisition. Through its R&D division, TheAppLabb builds solutions with emerging technologies like Artificial Intelligence, IoT, Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality and Blockchain. Through its Incubator, TheAppLabb actively invests in start-ups & helps them with product development and corporate development TheAppLabb has developed mobile apps for top brands such as Suncor, Gateway Casinos, JBS, Unilever, Samsung, Dell, Electrolux, Frigidaire, RBC, Hudson’s Bay, Teknion, Toronto International Film Festival, Canadian International Auto Show, Rapala, Park N Fly, Banff World Media Festival, Ontario Real Estate Association, etc. Competitive salary. Extended Health benefits and Dental Care. Vision Care. Life insurance (dependent included) Counselling Services (Workplace Advisor) Survivor Benefit. EAP Paid time off. Flexible work environment. Hybrid and remote work available To keep the fun on, we have Virtual team building activities (Bi-weekly socials, Monthly town halls, etc.) 
ScrapedJobID170:
Design, develop and document application test strategies, test plans and test cases based on software requirements and technical specifications for all SOTI’s product offerings Create, implement and maintain test coverage for SOTI’s Web and Mobile applications Work with Product Managers and Scrum Masters to define the project's testing methodology and manage the test execution for small to large sized projects Create and maintain SQL queries Work collaboratively with test teams composed of staff drawn from various IT, business units and 3rd party resource providers Prioritize testing tasks, scenarios and test cases and track and report on testing activities Conduct exploratory testing on SOTI's applications during development (TDD) Offer creative and innovative solutions to complex testing issues Follow the overall QA process improvements to ensure consistency and standardization across product lines. Work in a collaborative, quality focused role in agile development teams to shape SOTI's product offerings. You are familiar with test strategies, planning and prioritizing test cases and execution You have good understanding of web/mobile applications and web services testing, as well as the OSI model and computer networking principles (TCP/IP) You possess knowledge of MS-SQL and the software development life cycle Some previous exposure to either Android, iOS or Windows CE testing is a definite plus You have great passion for modern technology You are eager to constantly learn and update your skills in our cross-platform environment, and you like to share knowledge with others You have excellent communication and articulation skills and you will be able to share and exchange ideas with your team members and management, and You are a student enrolled in either IT, Computer Science or other relevant program. 
ScrapedJobID171:
Play a key role in the Asset Tracking Application project. Perform QA on the application, exercising new functionality and regression testing existing functionality. Develop automated tests to guard the quality of the application. Create detailed, comprehensive, and well-structured test cases. Participate in agile development, including estimating effort and complexity of new features and tasks. Collaborate with senior engineers to produce robust and maintainable code, following software team quality standards. Take on and deliver medium-sized features from conception to production. Help operate Cold Bore’s edge platform (embedded systems, IIoT). Help operate Cold Bore’s cloud platform (cloud app and API) with a Site Reliability Engineering approach. Minimum of 1+ years of hands-on software development. Knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes is considered an asset. Experience with object-oriented design principles and best practices. Experience using Database software. Experience with the following programming languages: C#, SQL, Python Proficient in HTML/CSS/JavaScript. Working experience with an industry web framework (React or Angular). Experience writing automated test code (unit tests, integration tests, etc.). Comfortable working in Unix terminal environments. Hands-on contributor – you enjoy writing code, solving complex problems and being in the trenches. Desire to learn and improve through constructive feedback. Ability to develop independently with support from more senior team members. Conscientious and results-oriented individual who goes above and beyond to meet their commitments. Excellent analytical and troubleshooting skills. Team player who thrives in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. 
ScrapedJobID172:
Become a key player in improving and maintaining the overall quality of our products Work independently alongside development teams to test application functionality across multiple browsers and mobile devices Evaluate and test new and existing software features in accordance with the BRD Accurately describe and log issues discovered during testing Perform functional, exploratory, regression and user acceptance testing during release cycles Design, develop, maintain and execute test casesAssist with developing and maintaining reusable test artifacts to help maintain a streamlined and efficient testing process Perform database testing, performance testing Design the automated test scripts using Selenium webdriver / PHP Bachelor’s degree or diploma in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent Must have 3-5 years of QA experience Good understanding of HTML, Javascript and CSS Attention to detail, excellent problem solving skills, tech - savvy with ability to quickly learn new products Must have the ability to work in a fast paced, agile environment. Must have a strong understanding of software testing methods, principles and tools Must possess excellent communication skills, both verbal and written Good to have hands on experience with test automation preferably using Selenium webdriver / PHP Good understanding of PHP and Javascript Good to have experience with writing and executing SQL queries Relevant testing certifications is a plus We’ve assembled a great, friendly, group of people Flat organization where ideas are sought and accepted from everyone Casual dress code Funky loft environment Our clients are some of the largest companies in the world and they love us 
ScrapedJobID173:
Assisting in developing additional functionality in the anessa products Unit and integration testing of the work completed as it undergoes quality assurance Documentation of work completed including user manuals for the developed modules Estimation of workload and when a designated task will be completed Bachelor of Computer Science or higher. Knowledge of front-end programming languages: JavaScript, Typescript, HTML, CSS, Java. Familiarity with Angular, Node.js, MongoDB is an asset. Ability to work independently and in a collaborative group. Ability to work with and understand existing code. A bias for action; knowing how to get tasks done. The ability to prioritize competing tasks and work seamlessly across the team. Bringing creativity and positive energy to the team are big assets! 
ScrapedJobID174:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Attention to detail Effective interpersonal skills Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID175:
Define the testing strategy in multi-technology and multi-asset IT projects or ecosystems. Ensure the planning and overall integration of testing activities as part of technological solution implementation projects Supervise team members in the development and implementation of testing activities and act as a coach with all resources involved in the delivery. Lead the QA transformation by influencing the definition and evolution of end-to-end quality assurance practices, from the design of the solution to its deployment in production. Daily monitoring of quality activities including, among other things, the development of tests, the execution of tests and the defect management. Recommend the appropriate tools and frameworks and participate in their implementation in a DevOps context. Completed bachelor's degree, related to the sector of activity, and 7 to 10 years of relevant experience. Experience in Agile IT project delivery Strong leadership and ability to influence at all levels. Bilingualism, French and English (oral and written). Experience in Quality Assurance practices and software testing according to the best industry standards - ISTQB, IEEE, CMMI. Experience in testing in a DevOps context (CI / CD and Continuous Testing). Experience in test automation (Front-end and back-end). Experience in “Test-Driven-Development” and “Behavior-Driven-Development” development methods. Health and wellness program, including many benefits Flexible group insurance Defined benefit pension plan Employee Share Ownership Plan Employee and family assistance program Preferred banking services Volunteer program Telemedicine Virtual sleep clinic 
ScrapedJobID176:
Review requirements, specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases Estimate, prioritize, plan and coordinate testing activities Design, develop and execute test automation, scripts using open source tools Identify, record, document, track bugs and complete full regression testing Develop and apply testing processes for new and existing products to meet client needs Track quality assurance metrics including open defect counts Stay up-to-date with new testing tools and test strategies Collaborate and participate in a team environment Assist and contribute to our in-house developer and QA best practices Proven work experience in software development Proven work experience in software quality assurance Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes Experience in writing clear, concise and comprehensive test plans and test cases Hands-on experience with both white box and black box testing Experience with automated testing tools is a plus ExperienceSolid knowledge of SQL and scripting is a plus Experience with performance and/or security testing is a plus Capable of recognizing architectural bottlenecks and tradeoffs Must have excellent problem solving skills and love technical challenges Self-motivated, quick learner with the ability to achieve results You love to write clean, reusable code and have a passion for mobile development Not shy in communicating expectations, and sharing your perspective with others You take pride in delivering products that are impressive and outpace competitors You are always looking to develop new skills, learn new platforms and technologies Making a real difference A fast growing organization A family friendly culture Ongoing staff engagements Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Stock options Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Quality Assurance: 1 year (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID177:
Develop, implement, and manage scripts in both test and live environments Develop test automation to accelerate solution delivery Test and verify code and content against specifications and test plans Establish test measurements to improve overall product QA processes Analyze test results and communicate with multiple teams and departments within the company to resolve software defects Utilize defect reporting and tracking Run tests on and off-site Bachelor of Science in computer science, programming or equivalent technical area 5+ years testing and validating products within cross-functional product teams 5+ years developing and executing test plans Experience validating multi-lingual websites is preferred Experience with the Salesforce API/integration is an asset Experience in hands-on automated test creation using Selenium, Coded UI, or other testing automation platform required Exceptional written and verbal communication skills required with the ability to influence, engage, and train people at all levels. Self-motivated, efficient, and enthusiastic Ability to meet timely deadlines and expectations while still remaining flexible and diplomatic (individually and as part of a complex team effort) Must be able to set priorities, meet deadlines and manage multiple initiatives Commensurate with experience. 
ScrapedJobID178:
Work location: Montreal, Gatineau, Lévis, Joliette or St-Lambert, depending on the preference of the candidates selected and the number of spots available Internship for the Fall 2021 term (14–17 weeks, 35 hours/week, depending on the conditions of your school) Compensation: Competitive with the market and commensurate with the level of education completed As an intern, you'll be supported to ensure that you receive all the necessary materials! Possibility of being hired at the end of the internship Currently on a regular telework basis due to the pandemic. Subsequently, to be located in Lévis or Montreal according to the selected candidate's preference. Telework terms to be reassessed at a later date. The internship must be credited/certified by your educational institution to earn a diploma of college studies, bachelor's degree or master's degree in an appropriate discipline Relevant work experience (an asset) ÉTS École polytechnique UQAM Université de Sherbrooke 
ScrapedJobID179:
Hongrois Exécuter et mettre à jour des scénarios de test. Vérifier la qualité de la traduction, ainsi que l'uniformité et la correction du langage employé pour les produits et jeux conformément aux spécifications fournies . Signaler les erreurs selon les exigences du projet. Effectuer des analyses de produits approfondies dans le cadre de l'expérience de jeu et de test afin de mieux en comprendre le fonctionnement, de recueillir de la rétroaction et de fournir des suggestions d'amélioration. Acquérir une connaissance des méthodologies de test et du marché du jeu vidéo. Partager vos connaissances avec les autres membres de l'équipe de test. Accomplir les tâches administratives assignées par le superviseur. Effectuer d'autres activités nécessaires à l'exécution de travail conformément
aux instructions du superviseur. Suivre les procédures associées à l'emploi. Aptitudes de rédaction et de communication dans l'une des langues cibles Une année d'expérience en localisation ou en localisation de jeux vidéo Bonne connaissance du marché du jeu vidéo et des méthodologies de test, et passion pour ce domaine Capacité à bien communiquer en anglais Études dans le domaine des langues ou de la technologie de préférence Bonne maîtrise du suivi des tests d'assurance qualité, des outils de localisation et de MS Office Excellentes aptitudes en communication Accès et participation à l'un des jeux sur ordinateur les plus populaires au monde. Accès au matériel et aux logiciels utilisés aux fins du projet. Accès aux fichiers du projet et droits d'administrateur. Occasion de travailler avec un chef de file mondial en croissance dans les services liés aux jeux vidéo. Accès aux toutes dernières technologies des jeux vidéo. Possibilité de contribuer à bâtir la meilleure organisation en matière de test au monde. Travail au sein d'une équipe créative et dans un environnement convivial. Perspectives de perfectionnement professionnel dans un environnement multiculturel : Lionbridge compte des bureaux dans plus de 20 pays, et ces bureaux collaborent régulièrement sur des projets, ce qui fait découvrir à nos employés toutes sortes de cultures et de méthodes de travail. Accès à une plateforme de formation. Hungarian Execution and updates of test cases. Testing product/game translation quality, consistency and language correctness according to given specifications. Reporting bugs in line with project requirements. In-depth product analysis as part of playing and testing for better understanding of its functioning and gathering feedback, providing suggestions for product improvements. Acquiring knowledge on testing methodologies and video game market. Sharing knowledge with other members of testing team. Performing administrative tasks assigned by the supervisor. Performing other activities necessary for the proper conduct of work in accordance with the
supervisor's instructions. Observing procedures related to the job. Have native writing and speaking abilities in one of the target languages Have 1 year of experience in Localization or Game Localization Have good knowledge and passion of video game market and testing methodologies Have communicative English Preferred education - in languages or technology Have good command of test tracking, support tools and MS Office Have excellent communication skills Access/make impact to one of the most played PC games in the world Access to hardware and software used for the purposes of the project Access to project files with administrative rights. Opportunity to work with a fast-growing global leader in Games services. Access to the latest gaming technology Opportunity to help us build the best global testing organization Work in a creative team and friendly environment. Professional development opportunities in a multi-cultural environment- Lionbridge has offices in over 20 countries and many of these offices work collaboratively on projects, exposing our employees to a wide range of cultures and work styles. Access to training platform. 
ScrapedJobID180:
Rédiger les politiques et procédures d’assurance de qualité. Définir et appliquer les stratégies de test. Élaborer et exécuter des plans d’essai et scénarios d’essai pour assurer que tous les objectifs soient atteints. Élaborer, implémenter et surveiller des scripts d’essai pour évaluer la fonctionnalité, la fiabilité, le rendement et la qualité du service ou du produit. Implémenter et exécuter des scripts d’extraction de données et valider l’intégrité des données. Dépanner, identifier et corriger les défauts des systèmes et processus de production. Recommander, implémenter et surveiller les mesures préventives et correctives pour garantir que les normes d’assurance de la qualité soient respectées. Compiler et analyser des données statistiques. Investiguer requêtes des clients et problèmes liés aux produits. Assurer la conformité continue aux exigences réglementaires. Baccalauréat en informatique, en systèmes d’information ou dans un domaine connexe Plus de 5 ans d’expérience de travail dans l’inspection et tests de qualité dans un environnement de développement agile et au rythme rapide. Expérience en définition et exécution de stratégies de test, de procédures de test, de plans de test et de cas de test. Expérience en préparation, configuration, exécution et validation de tests complexes. Expérience en test de grandes applications au niveau de l’entreprise et des intégrations d’applications. Expérience en écriture de scripts SQL dans le but de validation des données. Expérience avec le test des API REST. Expérience avec les frameworks d’automatisation des tests. Expérience de la mise à l’essai de rapports et business intelligence applications. Expérience avec Linux and Windows OS, Atlassian Confluence et Jira, command-line tools like Cygwin, TOAD for Oracle. Expérience avec ITIL & ITSM principes et processus. Expérience avec ITSM solutions ( ex: ServiceNow, ITOP). Expérience avec scripting (e.g. Perl, JavaScript, Python). Bilingue (compétences professionnelles en français et en anglais). Excellentes compétences en communication écrite et verbale. Excellentes compétences d’analyse et de résolution de problèmes. Excellentes compétences organisationnelles et capacité à exécuter plusieurs tâches dans un environnement agile où les responsabilités et les priorités changent rapidement. Capacité de prendre des décisions avec un minimum de directives et une supervision limitée. Capacité d’apprendre et de s’adapter rapidement et de façon autonome. Capable de comprendre des caractéristiques complexes avec des spécifications limitées. Capable de communiquer efficacement avec d’autres équipes dans le but de recueillir de l'information, de communiquer les problèmes et de trouver des solutions. Travailler confortablement sous pression dans un environnement trépidant. Éthique et respectueux. Expérience concrète des projets publics et semi-publics (gouvernements fédéral, provinciaux et organismes publics) Expérience passée avec des logiciels d’assurance ou financiers ou expérience de travail dans le domaine de l’assurance. Connaissance de l’assurance commerciale, de l’assurance habitation et de l’assurance automobile. Draft quality assurance policies and procedures. Define and implement test strategies. Develop and execute test plans and test cases to ensure that all objectives are met. Develop, implement and monitor test scripts to assess functionality, reliability, performance, and quality of the service or product. Implement and execute data extraction scripts and validate data integrity. Troubleshoot, identify and remedy defects with the production systems and processes. Recommend, implement, and monitor preventative and corrective actions to ensure that quality assurance standards are achieved. Compile and analyze statistical data. Investigate customer complaints and product issues. Ensure ongoing compliance with regulatory requirements. A Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or a related field. 5+ years of work experience in quality inspection and testing in a fast-paced, agile development environment. Experience in defining and executing test strategies, test procedures, test plans, and test cases. Experience in test preparation, configuration, execution, and validation of complex test cases. Experience in testing large enterprise-level applications and application integrations. Experience in writing SQL scripts with the purpose of data validation. Experience in testing REST API’s. Experience with test automation frameworks. Experience in testing reporting and business intelligence applications. Experience with Linux and Windows OS, Atlassian Confluence and Jira, command-line tools like Cygwin, TOAD for Oracle. Experience with ITIL and ITSM principles and processes. Experience with ITSM solutions ( e.g. ServiceNow, ITOP). Experience with scripting (e.g. Perl, JavaScript, Python). Bilingual (English & French professional capabilities) Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. Excellent organizational skills with the ability to multi-task in an agile environment with rapidly changing responsibilities and priorities. Ability to make decisions with minimal direction and limited supervision. Ability to learn and adapt quickly and independently. Capable of understanding complex features with limited specifications. Capable of communicating effectively with other teams for the purposes of gathering information, communicating problems and achieving resolutions. Comfortable working under pressure in a fast-paced environment. Ethical and respectful. Real experience with public and semi-public projects (federal, provincial governments, and public agencies) Past experience with insurance or financial software or experience working in the insurance domain. Knowledge of commercial, homeowners, and auto insurance. 
ScrapedJobID181:
Define the testing strategy in multi-technology and multi-asset IT projects or ecosystems. Ensure the planning and overall integration of testing activities as part of technological solution implementation projects Supervise team members in the development and implementation of testing activities and act as a coach with all resources involved in the delivery. Lead the QA transformation by influencing the definition and evolution of end-to-end quality assurance practices, from the design of the solution to its deployment in production. Daily monitoring of quality activities including, among other things, the development of tests, the execution of tests and the defect management. Recommend the appropriate tools and frameworks and participate in their implementation in a DevOps context. Completed bachelor's degree, related to the sector of activity, and 7 to 10 years of relevant experience. Experience in Agile IT project delivery Strong leadership and ability to influence at all levels. Bilingualism, French and English (oral and written). Experience in Quality Assurance practices and software testing according to the best industry standards - ISTQB, IEEE, CMMI. Experience in testing in a DevOps context (CI / CD and Continuous Testing). Experience in test automation (Front-end and back-end). Experience in “Test-Driven-Development” and “Behavior-Driven-Development” development methods. Health and wellness program, including many benefits Flexible group insurance Defined benefit pension plan Employee Share Ownership Plan Employee and family assistance program Preferred banking services Volunteer program Telemedicine Virtual sleep clinic 
ScrapedJobID182:
Review requirements, specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases Estimate, prioritize, plan and coordinate testing activities Design, develop and execute test automation, scripts using open source tools Identify, record, document, track bugs and complete full regression testing Develop and apply testing processes for new and existing products to meet client needs Track quality assurance metrics including open defect counts Stay up-to-date with new testing tools and test strategies Collaborate and participate in a team environment Assist and contribute to our in-house developer and QA best practices Proven work experience in software development Proven work experience in software quality assurance Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes Experience in writing clear, concise and comprehensive test plans and test cases Hands-on experience with both white box and black box testing Experience with automated testing tools is a plus ExperienceSolid knowledge of SQL and scripting is a plus Experience with performance and/or security testing is a plus Capable of recognizing architectural bottlenecks and tradeoffs Must have excellent problem solving skills and love technical challenges Self-motivated, quick learner with the ability to achieve results You love to write clean, reusable code and have a passion for mobile development Not shy in communicating expectations, and sharing your perspective with others You take pride in delivering products that are impressive and outpace competitors You are always looking to develop new skills, learn new platforms and technologies Making a real difference A fast growing organization A family friendly culture Ongoing staff engagements Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Stock options Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Quality Assurance: 1 year (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID183:
Develop, implement, and manage scripts in both test and live environments Develop test automation to accelerate solution delivery Test and verify code and content against specifications and test plans Establish test measurements to improve overall product QA processes Analyze test results and communicate with multiple teams and departments within the company to resolve software defects Utilize defect reporting and tracking Run tests on and off-site Bachelor of Science in computer science, programming or equivalent technical area 5+ years testing and validating products within cross-functional product teams 5+ years developing and executing test plans Experience validating multi-lingual websites is preferred Experience with the Salesforce API/integration is an asset Experience in hands-on automated test creation using Selenium, Coded UI, or other testing automation platform required Exceptional written and verbal communication skills required with the ability to influence, engage, and train people at all levels. Self-motivated, efficient, and enthusiastic Ability to meet timely deadlines and expectations while still remaining flexible and diplomatic (individually and as part of a complex team effort) Must be able to set priorities, meet deadlines and manage multiple initiatives Commensurate with experience. 
ScrapedJobID184:
Work location: Montreal, Gatineau, Lévis, Joliette or St-Lambert, depending on the preference of the candidates selected and the number of spots available Internship for the Fall 2021 term (14–17 weeks, 35 hours/week, depending on the conditions of your school) Compensation: Competitive with the market and commensurate with the level of education completed As an intern, you'll be supported to ensure that you receive all the necessary materials! Possibility of being hired at the end of the internship Currently on a regular telework basis due to the pandemic. Subsequently, to be located in Lévis or Montreal according to the selected candidate's preference. Telework terms to be reassessed at a later date. The internship must be credited/certified by your educational institution to earn a diploma of college studies, bachelor's degree or master's degree in an appropriate discipline Relevant work experience (an asset) ÉTS École polytechnique UQAM Université de Sherbrooke 
ScrapedJobID185:
Hongrois Exécuter et mettre à jour des scénarios de test. Vérifier la qualité de la traduction, ainsi que l'uniformité et la correction du langage employé pour les produits et jeux conformément aux spécifications fournies . Signaler les erreurs selon les exigences du projet. Effectuer des analyses de produits approfondies dans le cadre de l'expérience de jeu et de test afin de mieux en comprendre le fonctionnement, de recueillir de la rétroaction et de fournir des suggestions d'amélioration. Acquérir une connaissance des méthodologies de test et du marché du jeu vidéo. Partager vos connaissances avec les autres membres de l'équipe de test. Accomplir les tâches administratives assignées par le superviseur. Effectuer d'autres activités nécessaires à l'exécution de travail conformément
aux instructions du superviseur. Suivre les procédures associées à l'emploi. Aptitudes de rédaction et de communication dans l'une des langues cibles Une année d'expérience en localisation ou en localisation de jeux vidéo Bonne connaissance du marché du jeu vidéo et des méthodologies de test, et passion pour ce domaine Capacité à bien communiquer en anglais Études dans le domaine des langues ou de la technologie de préférence Bonne maîtrise du suivi des tests d'assurance qualité, des outils de localisation et de MS Office Excellentes aptitudes en communication Accès et participation à l'un des jeux sur ordinateur les plus populaires au monde. Accès au matériel et aux logiciels utilisés aux fins du projet. Accès aux fichiers du projet et droits d'administrateur. Occasion de travailler avec un chef de file mondial en croissance dans les services liés aux jeux vidéo. Accès aux toutes dernières technologies des jeux vidéo. Possibilité de contribuer à bâtir la meilleure organisation en matière de test au monde. Travail au sein d'une équipe créative et dans un environnement convivial. Perspectives de perfectionnement professionnel dans un environnement multiculturel : Lionbridge compte des bureaux dans plus de 20 pays, et ces bureaux collaborent régulièrement sur des projets, ce qui fait découvrir à nos employés toutes sortes de cultures et de méthodes de travail. Accès à une plateforme de formation. Hungarian Execution and updates of test cases. Testing product/game translation quality, consistency and language correctness according to given specifications. Reporting bugs in line with project requirements. In-depth product analysis as part of playing and testing for better understanding of its functioning and gathering feedback, providing suggestions for product improvements. Acquiring knowledge on testing methodologies and video game market. Sharing knowledge with other members of testing team. Performing administrative tasks assigned by the supervisor. Performing other activities necessary for the proper conduct of work in accordance with the
supervisor's instructions. Observing procedures related to the job. Have native writing and speaking abilities in one of the target languages Have 1 year of experience in Localization or Game Localization Have good knowledge and passion of video game market and testing methodologies Have communicative English Preferred education - in languages or technology Have good command of test tracking, support tools and MS Office Have excellent communication skills Access/make impact to one of the most played PC games in the world Access to hardware and software used for the purposes of the project Access to project files with administrative rights. Opportunity to work with a fast-growing global leader in Games services. Access to the latest gaming technology Opportunity to help us build the best global testing organization Work in a creative team and friendly environment. Professional development opportunities in a multi-cultural environment- Lionbridge has offices in over 20 countries and many of these offices work collaboratively on projects, exposing our employees to a wide range of cultures and work styles. Access to training platform. 
ScrapedJobID186:
Rédiger les politiques et procédures d’assurance de qualité. Définir et appliquer les stratégies de test. Élaborer et exécuter des plans d’essai et scénarios d’essai pour assurer que tous les objectifs soient atteints. Élaborer, implémenter et surveiller des scripts d’essai pour évaluer la fonctionnalité, la fiabilité, le rendement et la qualité du service ou du produit. Implémenter et exécuter des scripts d’extraction de données et valider l’intégrité des données. Dépanner, identifier et corriger les défauts des systèmes et processus de production. Recommander, implémenter et surveiller les mesures préventives et correctives pour garantir que les normes d’assurance de la qualité soient respectées. Compiler et analyser des données statistiques. Investiguer requêtes des clients et problèmes liés aux produits. Assurer la conformité continue aux exigences réglementaires. Baccalauréat en informatique, en systèmes d’information ou dans un domaine connexe Plus de 5 ans d’expérience de travail dans l’inspection et tests de qualité dans un environnement de développement agile et au rythme rapide. Expérience en définition et exécution de stratégies de test, de procédures de test, de plans de test et de cas de test. Expérience en préparation, configuration, exécution et validation de tests complexes. Expérience en test de grandes applications au niveau de l’entreprise et des intégrations d’applications. Expérience en écriture de scripts SQL dans le but de validation des données. Expérience avec le test des API REST. Expérience avec les frameworks d’automatisation des tests. Expérience de la mise à l’essai de rapports et business intelligence applications. Expérience avec Linux and Windows OS, Atlassian Confluence et Jira, command-line tools like Cygwin, TOAD for Oracle. Expérience avec ITIL & ITSM principes et processus. Expérience avec ITSM solutions ( ex: ServiceNow, ITOP). Expérience avec scripting (e.g. Perl, JavaScript, Python). Bilingue (compétences professionnelles en français et en anglais). Excellentes compétences en communication écrite et verbale. Excellentes compétences d’analyse et de résolution de problèmes. Excellentes compétences organisationnelles et capacité à exécuter plusieurs tâches dans un environnement agile où les responsabilités et les priorités changent rapidement. Capacité de prendre des décisions avec un minimum de directives et une supervision limitée. Capacité d’apprendre et de s’adapter rapidement et de façon autonome. Capable de comprendre des caractéristiques complexes avec des spécifications limitées. Capable de communiquer efficacement avec d’autres équipes dans le but de recueillir de l'information, de communiquer les problèmes et de trouver des solutions. Travailler confortablement sous pression dans un environnement trépidant. Éthique et respectueux. Expérience concrète des projets publics et semi-publics (gouvernements fédéral, provinciaux et organismes publics) Expérience passée avec des logiciels d’assurance ou financiers ou expérience de travail dans le domaine de l’assurance. Connaissance de l’assurance commerciale, de l’assurance habitation et de l’assurance automobile. Draft quality assurance policies and procedures. Define and implement test strategies. Develop and execute test plans and test cases to ensure that all objectives are met. Develop, implement and monitor test scripts to assess functionality, reliability, performance, and quality of the service or product. Implement and execute data extraction scripts and validate data integrity. Troubleshoot, identify and remedy defects with the production systems and processes. Recommend, implement, and monitor preventative and corrective actions to ensure that quality assurance standards are achieved. Compile and analyze statistical data. Investigate customer complaints and product issues. Ensure ongoing compliance with regulatory requirements. A Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or a related field. 5+ years of work experience in quality inspection and testing in a fast-paced, agile development environment. Experience in defining and executing test strategies, test procedures, test plans, and test cases. Experience in test preparation, configuration, execution, and validation of complex test cases. Experience in testing large enterprise-level applications and application integrations. Experience in writing SQL scripts with the purpose of data validation. Experience in testing REST API’s. Experience with test automation frameworks. Experience in testing reporting and business intelligence applications. Experience with Linux and Windows OS, Atlassian Confluence and Jira, command-line tools like Cygwin, TOAD for Oracle. Experience with ITIL and ITSM principles and processes. Experience with ITSM solutions ( e.g. ServiceNow, ITOP). Experience with scripting (e.g. Perl, JavaScript, Python). Bilingual (English & French professional capabilities) Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. Excellent organizational skills with the ability to multi-task in an agile environment with rapidly changing responsibilities and priorities. Ability to make decisions with minimal direction and limited supervision. Ability to learn and adapt quickly and independently. Capable of understanding complex features with limited specifications. Capable of communicating effectively with other teams for the purposes of gathering information, communicating problems and achieving resolutions. Comfortable working under pressure in a fast-paced environment. Ethical and respectful. Real experience with public and semi-public projects (federal, provincial governments, and public agencies) Past experience with insurance or financial software or experience working in the insurance domain. Knowledge of commercial, homeowners, and auto insurance. 
ScrapedJobID187:
Experience: You have a good understanding of testing techniques and approaches, are comfortable with contemporary software development practices and dealing with constant change. You will have a minimum of 2-6 years in software testing , manual and automated, in relevant technologies, with in-depth experience with several testing and configuration management tools and techniques. Your experience includes testing web-based solutions and data integration solutions, using testing tools and issue/defect tracking tools. Skills: Skilled in designing test plans, test scenarios and test activities. Experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS) and continuous integration tools. Preferred understanding of technical concepts including HTTP, HTML, web services, XML, javascript, messaging, Linux, Oracle DB, and SQL. Software development experience preferred, programming on java, javascript, cucumber, selenium. Exposure to big data technologies – Apache Spark, Elastic search, Cassandra strongly preferred. Healthcare domain expertise, working with data/analytics technologies is a bonus. Characteristics: Task-focused: you persevere and drive for results when faced with difficulties and setbacks. Analytical and Critical Thinking Skills: you develop logical ideas, approaches, and solutions to typical, unusual, or difficult situations or problems. As a strong communicator, you can get your points across clearly, concisely and quickly. Education: Bachelor’s degree in information technology, computer science or engineering required. 
ScrapedJobID188:
Review validation protocols/reports for new and current products and equipment. Work with various departments to conduct risk activities: identifying hazards and hazardous situations; initiating and maintaining Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (FMEAs). Provide quality assurance support to operations of the company, including review of batch records, release of incoming raw materials, in-process materials and finished kits. Provide records review and feedback to Engineering, Manufacturing related to production. Initiating, following up on and closing Nonconformity Reports (NCRs) and Corrective and Preventive Action Requests (CAPAs). Assist in the vendor monitoring and qualification processes. Review, revise and edit quality documents and maintain good documentation practices. Evaluate, investigate, track and complete complaints through effective and established complaint handling processes as well as effectively communicate the investigations results with the customers. Ensure accurate documentation of evaluation and investigation results with the assigned complaint records. Participate and collaborate objectively with team members to achieve consistent processes while identifying process improvements to drive efficiency and compliance. Collaborate with a variety of diverse persons such as Engineers, Scientists, Clinical Specialists, Field Service Engineers, Professional Customers, and Manufacturing personnel to facilitate the complaint investigation process globally. Review each complaint and determine eligibility for adverse event reporting to worldwide regulatory agencies if needed. Participate in other QA department improvement projects related to QA processes such as risk management, validation and internal audit processes. Performing any other QA tasks as required. University degree, preferably with health sciences. Minimum four years related work experience and a working knowledge of quality system elements. Knowledge of quality system regulations (ISO 13485, 21 CFR 820). Knowledge of medical device postmarketing regulations Strong process improvement and problem-solving skills. Knowledge or experience with cross functional areas (i.e: Production, Quality control Supply chain). Proficiency in common office software suites, the internet and cloud-based software applications Ability to work independently. Self-motivated, team oriented with excellent written and verbal communication skills. Customer-focused, detail-oriented, with sense of urgency. A competitive compensation package Extended health benefits including dental - 100% employer contribution Flexible working hours Paid sick days Bonus day off with pay on your birthday every year! Complimentary reserved parking Exercise room with a gym and shower facilities Opportunity to work with industry experts who are motivated and passionate about what they do but know how to have some fun A chance to show off your dance moves and singing voice at the company parties and jump in to score a victory or lead the way in our outdoor games at the summer barbeques The opportunity to join an ‘off the charts’ foodie culture in our large kitchen and try out your favourite recipes or enjoy the culinary delights as they hit the share table 
ScrapedJobID189:
Monday to Friday Ottawa, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) quality assurance: 2 years (required) No 
ScrapedJobID190:
Ensure effective implementation of QMS processes by monitoring QA systems and advising QA leadership on system performance
provide status reports of quality activities provide status reports of quality activities Create and maintain QA control documentation, analyze data, and generate reports as required by company SOPs and regulatory requirements Assist with document control, records control, non-conforming material, corrective and preventive action, investigating complaints, and more Work with process owners to facilitate effective processes and continuous improvement Audits; Assist QA Manager in internal audit program and external audits and inspections Assisting the QA Manager with administrative functions and processes Ensuring project team adheres to provided timelines and deliverables Communicating plans, actions, risks, and issues with key stakeholders Create and review technical documentation, including project plans, test procedures, and design documents. Develop, review, and maintain metrics and quality audits. Ensures quality and accuracy in day-to-day activities Contribute to many different areas of this exciting homegrown Ottawa business. Other related duties as required or assigned. Post-secondary degree/diploma (or a combination of related education and experience of at least 3 years) 3-6 years of related industry experience, preferably in a regulated environment Experience running core Quality processes including Corrective and Preventive Actions, Non-conformances, Document Control Solid understanding of Quality Management concepts In-depth knowledge of all relevant Quality Management Standards including ISO 13485:2016, ISO 14971:2012, 21 CFR 820, EU MDR, Health Canada Regulations Knowledge of Google Office and Microsoft Office productivity suites. Knowledge of working with Software Development Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Attention to detail and ability to maintain up to date and accurate records Excellent written, verbal, presentation, and collaboration skills Capable of working well individually as well as part of a team Strong work ethic and positive team attitude. Comfortable in a fast-paced, high energy, customer-focused start-up environment It is a mandatory condition of your employment that: (i) you are vaccinated for COVID-19 with vaccines that have been approved by the Government of Canada; (ii) you have received both of your vaccines at least 14 days prior to your start date; and, (iii) you receive any recommended COVID-19 related boosters which are subsequently approved and recommended by the Government of Canada. Note: If you are unable to receive COVID-19 vaccines due to medical or human rights reasons, please let us know so that we can discuss potential accommodations. Prior experience working in a SaMD manufacturing environment using Agile development methodology. 
ScrapedJobID191:
Participate in the design and development of medical devices while following a quality system in accordance with ISO 13485; Prepare engineering 3D models drawings of products and prototypes; Produce and maintain design files in a regulatory framework; Participate in risk management and audit; Develop and manage design verification and validation activities; Manage the transfer of products from design to manufacturing; Work with Agile MV customers to identify their needs and provide a consulting role throughout the life cycle of medical devices; Prepare test reports by collecting, analyzing and summarizing information; Collaborate with internal departments of Agile MV, such as quality and manufacturing departments to ensure the development of medical devices. Minimum of 3 years of experience in a similar position in the industry; Bachelor’s degree in engineering, Physical Sciences or an equivalent; Experience in risk management; Knowledge of quality and conformity systems; Experience in 3D modelling with SolidWorks software; Strong analytical skills, solutions focus in an autonomously manner; Advanced level of English and French, spoken and written; A strong team player able to contribute to discussions; Detail oriented, quality focused, meticulous and versatile individual; Adaptable, hardworking and able to work under pressure. Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Horaires flexibles REER Collectif Travail à Distance 8 Heures Du Lundi au Vendredi Quart de jour Oui 
ScrapedJobID192:
Category: Technical Type: Full Time Reports to: VP of Operations Posting date: February 23, 2021 Planning Customer Focus Problem Solving Results Orientation Strategic Thinking Communication Adaptation Implement and modifying software to fix errors, adapt it to new hardware, improve its performance, or upgrade interfaces Provide advanced level hardware, software and systems support for the various nurses, doctors and specialists using Timeless Medical’s applications around the globe. Assist with the configuration of computerized physician order entry Build and implement new software solutions and applications from the ground up. Perform analysis, design, implementation, verification, demonstration, and maintenance of these products in a team environment. Prioritize and manage multiple projects and deliverables simultaneously Implement software according to internal and industry best practices Analyzing information to recommend and plan the installation of new systems or modifications of an existing system. Consulting with departments or customers on project status and proposals Work with Quality Assurance, Project Managers and Product Specialists to ensure that company products are meeting client standards. Analyzing information to recommend and plan the installation of new systems or modifications of an existing system. Degree or diploma in computer science, computer systems engineering, software engineering, web design, or a field related to the industry One year of related experience Demonstrated aptitude for learning new technologies Familiarity with various programming languages and development platforms Strong knowledge of browser compatibility problems for all platforms and major browser types Ability to effectively communicate both verbally and in writing High level of integrity and work ethic Ability to prioritize and manage conflicting demands Demonstrated time management skills Ability to work individually as well as part of a team High flexibility with strong interpersonal skills that allow one to work effectively in a diverse environment Extended periods of sitting Overtime as required Operation of desktop computer and peripherals Working in a busy office environment with frequent interruptions 
ScrapedJobID193:
Working in collaboration with Product Managers and/or Business Analysts to write concise acceptance criteria and provide comprehensive gap analysis during the development of requirements Working closely with all stakeholders, including developers, to ensure that quality is built into every step of the process, rather than at separate stages. Lead the team in planning, preparing and executing effective test efforts and walkthroughs Help manage, create, and deliver testing strategies and plans using risk analysis methodologies and tools that align with the development approach/methodology selected for their assigned project Ensure the test process, methodologies and tools are applied appropriately and that the test phase entry/exit criteria are agreed to by stakeholders and applied by the test team Communication and understanding of the impact to testing for scope changes to the project management team both from a timeline/cost and a risk perspective Prioritize testing tasks based on goals and risks of projects and ensure testing milestones, activities and tasks are completed as scheduled Support the team in creating reusable test assets for both manual and automated test scripts Lead the continuous, measured improvement of testing processes, strategies, plans and frameworks Primary liaison for testing resources and business participants on business acceptance test support Manage relationships with project team members, third party vendors/ service partners, release teams and client areas as appropriate Provide assistance/guidance to teammates on policy, procedures, testing tasks and training in general Helps in implementation of new testing strategies Be creative to solve current issues and shape the product to bring it to a higher quality Document business requirements in various forms, usually in natural-language documents, use cases, user stories, or process specifications Participate in planning sessions to improve business processes for the creation of business requirements and test cases Assess business needs utilizing a structured requirements process (gathering, analyzing, documenting, re-evaluating, and managing changes) to prioritize immediate business needs and recommends options All other duties as assigned by management Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or related experience 5 - 10 years of QA experience, with at least 5 years of solid work experience in a QA/Test Lead role Experience testing websites, ecommerce, mobile sites and native applications Experience working in an agile software development team promoting methodologies and frameworks such as Scrum and TDD Excellent communication (both verbal and written) and interpersonal skills Experience working on an e-commerce and loyalty platforms within travel is a plus Experience working in Laravel frameworks is a plus Ability to work under pressure and react with urgency, meet deadlines and produce results on time Ability to respond quickly and effectively under constant changing conditions Ability to work in a multi-function, multi-tasking, detailed environment both within a team as well as independently Dental care Employee assistance program Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Quality assurance: 8 years (preferred) web services: 5 years (preferred) E-commerce: 5 years (preferred) Microservices: 3 years (preferred) automation testing: 5 years (preferred) manual testing: 5 years (preferred) test lead: 4 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID194:
BS or MS in Computer Science, software engineering or related discipline 2-3 years of of hands-on experience with JavaScript in automation test environment. 5 years or more of software testing experience, preferably with Web applications Hands-on experience using MSSQL and Oracle databases and relational databases concepts Strong written and oral communication skills, including the ability to present ideas and suggestions clearly and effectively. Ability to work independently and as a team member Ability to work in a fast-paced environment Understanding of software application code C#,C++ etc by using Selenium, Playwright and the ability to write, read/ debug it. Experience in identifying high value test areas in software products Understanding of Agile software development test practices Experience in defining test plans, test cases and execution plans Hands-on experience testing web, mobile and desktop applications Hands on experience of automation frameworks and scripting languages is strongly preferred Experience in functional and unit testing Strong understanding of client-server architecture, three-tier application architecture and SPA architecture Hands-on experience in validating software specifications against business requirements Experience testing/leveraging cloud technologies 
ScrapedJobID195:
Relationship Building : Work with multiple teams across the CIBC organization both onsite and offsite. Preparation and execution of SIT, UAT test cases, scenarios and scripts based on the Functional Requirements (BRD, SRD, FA) and Source to Target Validations based on Data Mapping and transformation logics to ensure quality of applications. You will interact with business and technical partners to review documents and daily management of your portfolio. Collaboration: Work with business and technical teams to establish test plans, standards, and procedures that add value to software project and satisfy the constraints of the project by reviewing project documentation. Work closely with the Test Coordinators to apply accepted testing methodologies and processes on projects Testing: Execute tests and ensure results achieve documented goals and objectives. Monitor & Reporting: Monitor project adherence to quality standards and provide status reporting as needed. Adhere to CIBC’s processes through all phases of the software development life cycle. You can demonstrate strong skills in software development testing through 1-2 years of experience, preferably within a financial institution. You are able to successfully translate business processes, systems functionality and requirements into well written test plans. It is an advantage if you have experience within an Agile environment. You have strong knowledge of using SQL, Oracle, ETL, DB2 databases, and test automation tools , test plans, test scripting, application architecture, multiple IT platforms, systems and software and working the SDLC. You give meaning to data. You enjoy investigating complex problems, and making sense of information. You're confident in your ability to communicate detailed information in an impactful way. You are detail oriented. You understand that success is in the details. You notice things that others don't. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making. Values matter to you. You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. You're passionate about people . You find meaning in relationships, and surround yourself with a diverse network of partners. You build trust through respect and authenticity. You put our clients first . You engage with purpose to find the right solutions. You go the extra mile, because it's the right thing to do. You give meaning to data. You enjoy investigating complex problems, and making sense of information. You're confident in your ability to communicate detailed information in an impactful way. Thrive: Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home Connect : Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity Develop: Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, individual development planning and comprehensive product training Prosper: Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID196:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Attention to detail Effective interpersonal skills Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID197:
Define the testing strategy in multi-technology and multi-asset IT projects or ecosystems. Ensure the planning and overall integration of testing activities as part of technological solution implementation projects Supervise team members in the development and implementation of testing activities and act as a coach with all resources involved in the delivery. Lead the QA transformation by influencing the definition and evolution of end-to-end quality assurance practices, from the design of the solution to its deployment in production. Daily monitoring of quality activities including, among other things, the development of tests, the execution of tests and the defect management. Recommend the appropriate tools and frameworks and participate in their implementation in a DevOps context. Completed bachelor's degree, related to the sector of activity, and 7 to 10 years of relevant experience. Experience in Agile IT project delivery Strong leadership and ability to influence at all levels. Bilingualism, French and English (oral and written). Experience in Quality Assurance practices and software testing according to the best industry standards - ISTQB, IEEE, CMMI. Experience in testing in a DevOps context (CI / CD and Continuous Testing). Experience in test automation (Front-end and back-end). Experience in “Test-Driven-Development” and “Behavior-Driven-Development” development methods. Health and wellness program, including many benefits Flexible group insurance Defined benefit pension plan Employee Share Ownership Plan Employee and family assistance program Preferred banking services Volunteer program Telemedicine Virtual sleep clinic 
ScrapedJobID198:
Review requirements, specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases Estimate, prioritize, plan and coordinate testing activities Design, develop and execute test automation, scripts using open source tools Identify, record, document, track bugs and complete full regression testing Develop and apply testing processes for new and existing products to meet client needs Track quality assurance metrics including open defect counts Stay up-to-date with new testing tools and test strategies Collaborate and participate in a team environment Assist and contribute to our in-house developer and QA best practices Proven work experience in software development Proven work experience in software quality assurance Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes Experience in writing clear, concise and comprehensive test plans and test cases Hands-on experience with both white box and black box testing Experience with automated testing tools is a plus ExperienceSolid knowledge of SQL and scripting is a plus Experience with performance and/or security testing is a plus Capable of recognizing architectural bottlenecks and tradeoffs Must have excellent problem solving skills and love technical challenges Self-motivated, quick learner with the ability to achieve results You love to write clean, reusable code and have a passion for mobile development Not shy in communicating expectations, and sharing your perspective with others You take pride in delivering products that are impressive and outpace competitors You are always looking to develop new skills, learn new platforms and technologies Making a real difference A fast growing organization A family friendly culture Ongoing staff engagements Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Stock options Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Quality Assurance: 1 year (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID199:
Develop, implement, and manage scripts in both test and live environments Develop test automation to accelerate solution delivery Test and verify code and content against specifications and test plans Establish test measurements to improve overall product QA processes Analyze test results and communicate with multiple teams and departments within the company to resolve software defects Utilize defect reporting and tracking Run tests on and off-site Bachelor of Science in computer science, programming or equivalent technical area 5+ years testing and validating products within cross-functional product teams 5+ years developing and executing test plans Experience validating multi-lingual websites is preferred Experience with the Salesforce API/integration is an asset Experience in hands-on automated test creation using Selenium, Coded UI, or other testing automation platform required Exceptional written and verbal communication skills required with the ability to influence, engage, and train people at all levels. Self-motivated, efficient, and enthusiastic Ability to meet timely deadlines and expectations while still remaining flexible and diplomatic (individually and as part of a complex team effort) Must be able to set priorities, meet deadlines and manage multiple initiatives Commensurate with experience. 
ScrapedJobID200:
Work location: Montreal, Gatineau, Lévis, Joliette or St-Lambert, depending on the preference of the candidates selected and the number of spots available Internship for the Fall 2021 term (14–17 weeks, 35 hours/week, depending on the conditions of your school) Compensation: Competitive with the market and commensurate with the level of education completed As an intern, you'll be supported to ensure that you receive all the necessary materials! Possibility of being hired at the end of the internship Currently on a regular telework basis due to the pandemic. Subsequently, to be located in Lévis or Montreal according to the selected candidate's preference. Telework terms to be reassessed at a later date. The internship must be credited/certified by your educational institution to earn a diploma of college studies, bachelor's degree or master's degree in an appropriate discipline Relevant work experience (an asset) ÉTS École polytechnique UQAM Université de Sherbrooke 
ScrapedJobID201:
Create test plans and test cases based on software specifications, performance, and regression requirements Communicate with business analysts and developers to improve the quality of the platform Execute functional, performance, and regression test cases and track defects accordingly Assist in deployment verification to production environments Develop and automate test cases that align with the test strategy to ensure an effective risk-based approach while validating the integrity of the platform Refresh and maintain test environments Build and maintain automation scripts to support development changes 2+ years of formal testing experience 2+ years of test automation experience Strong SQL skills and experience with relational databases Strong Python and PHP skills Experience with testing APIs using API testing tools such as Postman Experience with automated testing environments such as Ghost Inspector Understanding of and experience in all aspects of testing from unit, integration, system, functional, and regression to acceptance Attention to detail and sound decision-making skills Experience with DevOps principles and practices Familiarity with newer JS Frameworks and testing: Angular JS, React Familiarity with AWS Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday DCS / DEC (required) quality assurance: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID202:
Hongrois Exécuter et mettre à jour des scénarios de test. Vérifier la qualité de la traduction, ainsi que l'uniformité et la correction du langage employé pour les produits et jeux conformément aux spécifications fournies . Signaler les erreurs selon les exigences du projet. Effectuer des analyses de produits approfondies dans le cadre de l'expérience de jeu et de test afin de mieux en comprendre le fonctionnement, de recueillir de la rétroaction et de fournir des suggestions d'amélioration. Acquérir une connaissance des méthodologies de test et du marché du jeu vidéo. Partager vos connaissances avec les autres membres de l'équipe de test. Accomplir les tâches administratives assignées par le superviseur. Effectuer d'autres activités nécessaires à l'exécution de travail conformément
aux instructions du superviseur. Suivre les procédures associées à l'emploi. Aptitudes de rédaction et de communication dans l'une des langues cibles Une année d'expérience en localisation ou en localisation de jeux vidéo Bonne connaissance du marché du jeu vidéo et des méthodologies de test, et passion pour ce domaine Capacité à bien communiquer en anglais Études dans le domaine des langues ou de la technologie de préférence Bonne maîtrise du suivi des tests d'assurance qualité, des outils de localisation et de MS Office Excellentes aptitudes en communication Accès et participation à l'un des jeux sur ordinateur les plus populaires au monde. Accès au matériel et aux logiciels utilisés aux fins du projet. Accès aux fichiers du projet et droits d'administrateur. Occasion de travailler avec un chef de file mondial en croissance dans les services liés aux jeux vidéo. Accès aux toutes dernières technologies des jeux vidéo. Possibilité de contribuer à bâtir la meilleure organisation en matière de test au monde. Travail au sein d'une équipe créative et dans un environnement convivial. Perspectives de perfectionnement professionnel dans un environnement multiculturel : Lionbridge compte des bureaux dans plus de 20 pays, et ces bureaux collaborent régulièrement sur des projets, ce qui fait découvrir à nos employés toutes sortes de cultures et de méthodes de travail. Accès à une plateforme de formation. Hungarian Execution and updates of test cases. Testing product/game translation quality, consistency and language correctness according to given specifications. Reporting bugs in line with project requirements. In-depth product analysis as part of playing and testing for better understanding of its functioning and gathering feedback, providing suggestions for product improvements. Acquiring knowledge on testing methodologies and video game market. Sharing knowledge with other members of testing team. Performing administrative tasks assigned by the supervisor. Performing other activities necessary for the proper conduct of work in accordance with the
supervisor's instructions. Observing procedures related to the job. Have native writing and speaking abilities in one of the target languages Have 1 year of experience in Localization or Game Localization Have good knowledge and passion of video game market and testing methodologies Have communicative English Preferred education - in languages or technology Have good command of test tracking, support tools and MS Office Have excellent communication skills Access/make impact to one of the most played PC games in the world Access to hardware and software used for the purposes of the project Access to project files with administrative rights. Opportunity to work with a fast-growing global leader in Games services. Access to the latest gaming technology Opportunity to help us build the best global testing organization Work in a creative team and friendly environment. Professional development opportunities in a multi-cultural environment- Lionbridge has offices in over 20 countries and many of these offices work collaboratively on projects, exposing our employees to a wide range of cultures and work styles. Access to training platform. 
ScrapedJobID203:
Rédiger les politiques et procédures d’assurance de qualité. Définir et appliquer les stratégies de test. Élaborer et exécuter des plans d’essai et scénarios d’essai pour assurer que tous les objectifs soient atteints. Élaborer, implémenter et surveiller des scripts d’essai pour évaluer la fonctionnalité, la fiabilité, le rendement et la qualité du service ou du produit. Implémenter et exécuter des scripts d’extraction de données et valider l’intégrité des données. Dépanner, identifier et corriger les défauts des systèmes et processus de production. Recommander, implémenter et surveiller les mesures préventives et correctives pour garantir que les normes d’assurance de la qualité soient respectées. Compiler et analyser des données statistiques. Investiguer requêtes des clients et problèmes liés aux produits. Assurer la conformité continue aux exigences réglementaires. Baccalauréat en informatique, en systèmes d’information ou dans un domaine connexe Plus de 5 ans d’expérience de travail dans l’inspection et tests de qualité dans un environnement de développement agile et au rythme rapide. Expérience en définition et exécution de stratégies de test, de procédures de test, de plans de test et de cas de test. Expérience en préparation, configuration, exécution et validation de tests complexes. Expérience en test de grandes applications au niveau de l’entreprise et des intégrations d’applications. Expérience en écriture de scripts SQL dans le but de validation des données. Expérience avec le test des API REST. Expérience avec les frameworks d’automatisation des tests. Expérience de la mise à l’essai de rapports et business intelligence applications. Expérience avec Linux and Windows OS, Atlassian Confluence et Jira, command-line tools like Cygwin, TOAD for Oracle. Expérience avec ITIL & ITSM principes et processus. Expérience avec ITSM solutions ( ex: ServiceNow, ITOP). Expérience avec scripting (e.g. Perl, JavaScript, Python). Bilingue (compétences professionnelles en français et en anglais). Excellentes compétences en communication écrite et verbale. Excellentes compétences d’analyse et de résolution de problèmes. Excellentes compétences organisationnelles et capacité à exécuter plusieurs tâches dans un environnement agile où les responsabilités et les priorités changent rapidement. Capacité de prendre des décisions avec un minimum de directives et une supervision limitée. Capacité d’apprendre et de s’adapter rapidement et de façon autonome. Capable de comprendre des caractéristiques complexes avec des spécifications limitées. Capable de communiquer efficacement avec d’autres équipes dans le but de recueillir de l'information, de communiquer les problèmes et de trouver des solutions. Travailler confortablement sous pression dans un environnement trépidant. Éthique et respectueux. Expérience concrète des projets publics et semi-publics (gouvernements fédéral, provinciaux et organismes publics) Expérience passée avec des logiciels d’assurance ou financiers ou expérience de travail dans le domaine de l’assurance. Connaissance de l’assurance commerciale, de l’assurance habitation et de l’assurance automobile. Draft quality assurance policies and procedures. Define and implement test strategies. Develop and execute test plans and test cases to ensure that all objectives are met. Develop, implement and monitor test scripts to assess functionality, reliability, performance, and quality of the service or product. Implement and execute data extraction scripts and validate data integrity. Troubleshoot, identify and remedy defects with the production systems and processes. Recommend, implement, and monitor preventative and corrective actions to ensure that quality assurance standards are achieved. Compile and analyze statistical data. Investigate customer complaints and product issues. Ensure ongoing compliance with regulatory requirements. A Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or a related field. 5+ years of work experience in quality inspection and testing in a fast-paced, agile development environment. Experience in defining and executing test strategies, test procedures, test plans, and test cases. Experience in test preparation, configuration, execution, and validation of complex test cases. Experience in testing large enterprise-level applications and application integrations. Experience in writing SQL scripts with the purpose of data validation. Experience in testing REST API’s. Experience with test automation frameworks. Experience in testing reporting and business intelligence applications. Experience with Linux and Windows OS, Atlassian Confluence and Jira, command-line tools like Cygwin, TOAD for Oracle. Experience with ITIL and ITSM principles and processes. Experience with ITSM solutions ( e.g. ServiceNow, ITOP). Experience with scripting (e.g. Perl, JavaScript, Python). Bilingual (English & French professional capabilities) Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. Excellent organizational skills with the ability to multi-task in an agile environment with rapidly changing responsibilities and priorities. Ability to make decisions with minimal direction and limited supervision. Ability to learn and adapt quickly and independently. Capable of understanding complex features with limited specifications. Capable of communicating effectively with other teams for the purposes of gathering information, communicating problems and achieving resolutions. Comfortable working under pressure in a fast-paced environment. Ethical and respectful. Real experience with public and semi-public projects (federal, provincial governments, and public agencies) Past experience with insurance or financial software or experience working in the insurance domain. Knowledge of commercial, homeowners, and auto insurance. 
ScrapedJobID204:
Experience: You have a good understanding of testing techniques and approaches, are comfortable with contemporary software development practices and dealing with constant change. You will have a minimum of 2-6 years in software testing , manual and automated, in relevant technologies, with in-depth experience with several testing and configuration management tools and techniques. Your experience includes testing web-based solutions and data integration solutions, using testing tools and issue/defect tracking tools. Skills: Skilled in designing test plans, test scenarios and test activities. Experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS) and continuous integration tools. Preferred understanding of technical concepts including HTTP, HTML, web services, XML, javascript, messaging, Linux, Oracle DB, and SQL. Software development experience preferred, programming on java, javascript, cucumber, selenium. Exposure to big data technologies – Apache Spark, Elastic search, Cassandra strongly preferred. Healthcare domain expertise, working with data/analytics technologies is a bonus. Characteristics: Task-focused: you persevere and drive for results when faced with difficulties and setbacks. Analytical and Critical Thinking Skills: you develop logical ideas, approaches, and solutions to typical, unusual, or difficult situations or problems. As a strong communicator, you can get your points across clearly, concisely and quickly. Education: Bachelor’s degree in information technology, computer science or engineering required. 
ScrapedJobID205:
Review validation protocols/reports for new and current products and equipment. Work with various departments to conduct risk activities: identifying hazards and hazardous situations; initiating and maintaining Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (FMEAs). Provide quality assurance support to operations of the company, including review of batch records, release of incoming raw materials, in-process materials and finished kits. Provide records review and feedback to Engineering, Manufacturing related to production. Initiating, following up on and closing Nonconformity Reports (NCRs) and Corrective and Preventive Action Requests (CAPAs). Assist in the vendor monitoring and qualification processes. Review, revise and edit quality documents and maintain good documentation practices. Evaluate, investigate, track and complete complaints through effective and established complaint handling processes as well as effectively communicate the investigations results with the customers. Ensure accurate documentation of evaluation and investigation results with the assigned complaint records. Participate and collaborate objectively with team members to achieve consistent processes while identifying process improvements to drive efficiency and compliance. Collaborate with a variety of diverse persons such as Engineers, Scientists, Clinical Specialists, Field Service Engineers, Professional Customers, and Manufacturing personnel to facilitate the complaint investigation process globally. Review each complaint and determine eligibility for adverse event reporting to worldwide regulatory agencies if needed. Participate in other QA department improvement projects related to QA processes such as risk management, validation and internal audit processes. Performing any other QA tasks as required. University degree, preferably with health sciences. Minimum four years related work experience and a working knowledge of quality system elements. Knowledge of quality system regulations (ISO 13485, 21 CFR 820). Knowledge of medical device postmarketing regulations Strong process improvement and problem-solving skills. Knowledge or experience with cross functional areas (i.e: Production, Quality control Supply chain). Proficiency in common office software suites, the internet and cloud-based software applications Ability to work independently. Self-motivated, team oriented with excellent written and verbal communication skills. Customer-focused, detail-oriented, with sense of urgency. A competitive compensation package Extended health benefits including dental - 100% employer contribution Flexible working hours Paid sick days Bonus day off with pay on your birthday every year! Complimentary reserved parking Exercise room with a gym and shower facilities Opportunity to work with industry experts who are motivated and passionate about what they do but know how to have some fun A chance to show off your dance moves and singing voice at the company parties and jump in to score a victory or lead the way in our outdoor games at the summer barbeques The opportunity to join an ‘off the charts’ foodie culture in our large kitchen and try out your favourite recipes or enjoy the culinary delights as they hit the share table 
ScrapedJobID206:
Monday to Friday Ottawa, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) quality assurance: 2 years (required) No 
ScrapedJobID207:
Ensure effective implementation of QMS processes by monitoring QA systems and advising QA leadership on system performance
provide status reports of quality activities provide status reports of quality activities Create and maintain QA control documentation, analyze data, and generate reports as required by company SOPs and regulatory requirements Assist with document control, records control, non-conforming material, corrective and preventive action, investigating complaints, and more Work with process owners to facilitate effective processes and continuous improvement Audits; Assist QA Manager in internal audit program and external audits and inspections Assisting the QA Manager with administrative functions and processes Ensuring project team adheres to provided timelines and deliverables Communicating plans, actions, risks, and issues with key stakeholders Create and review technical documentation, including project plans, test procedures, and design documents. Develop, review, and maintain metrics and quality audits. Ensures quality and accuracy in day-to-day activities Contribute to many different areas of this exciting homegrown Ottawa business. Other related duties as required or assigned. Post-secondary degree/diploma (or a combination of related education and experience of at least 3 years) 3-6 years of related industry experience, preferably in a regulated environment Experience running core Quality processes including Corrective and Preventive Actions, Non-conformances, Document Control Solid understanding of Quality Management concepts In-depth knowledge of all relevant Quality Management Standards including ISO 13485:2016, ISO 14971:2012, 21 CFR 820, EU MDR, Health Canada Regulations Knowledge of Google Office and Microsoft Office productivity suites. Knowledge of working with Software Development Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Attention to detail and ability to maintain up to date and accurate records Excellent written, verbal, presentation, and collaboration skills Capable of working well individually as well as part of a team Strong work ethic and positive team attitude. Comfortable in a fast-paced, high energy, customer-focused start-up environment It is a mandatory condition of your employment that: (i) you are vaccinated for COVID-19 with vaccines that have been approved by the Government of Canada; (ii) you have received both of your vaccines at least 14 days prior to your start date; and, (iii) you receive any recommended COVID-19 related boosters which are subsequently approved and recommended by the Government of Canada. Note: If you are unable to receive COVID-19 vaccines due to medical or human rights reasons, please let us know so that we can discuss potential accommodations. Prior experience working in a SaMD manufacturing environment using Agile development methodology. 
ScrapedJobID208:
Participate in the design and development of medical devices while following a quality system in accordance with ISO 13485; Prepare engineering 3D models drawings of products and prototypes; Produce and maintain design files in a regulatory framework; Participate in risk management and audit; Develop and manage design verification and validation activities; Manage the transfer of products from design to manufacturing; Work with Agile MV customers to identify their needs and provide a consulting role throughout the life cycle of medical devices; Prepare test reports by collecting, analyzing and summarizing information; Collaborate with internal departments of Agile MV, such as quality and manufacturing departments to ensure the development of medical devices. Minimum of 3 years of experience in a similar position in the industry; Bachelor’s degree in engineering, Physical Sciences or an equivalent; Experience in risk management; Knowledge of quality and conformity systems; Experience in 3D modelling with SolidWorks software; Strong analytical skills, solutions focus in an autonomously manner; Advanced level of English and French, spoken and written; A strong team player able to contribute to discussions; Detail oriented, quality focused, meticulous and versatile individual; Adaptable, hardworking and able to work under pressure. Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Horaires flexibles REER Collectif Travail à Distance 8 Heures Du Lundi au Vendredi Quart de jour Oui 
ScrapedJobID209:
Category: Technical Type: Full Time Reports to: VP of Operations Posting date: February 23, 2021 Planning Customer Focus Problem Solving Results Orientation Strategic Thinking Communication Adaptation Implement and modifying software to fix errors, adapt it to new hardware, improve its performance, or upgrade interfaces Provide advanced level hardware, software and systems support for the various nurses, doctors and specialists using Timeless Medical’s applications around the globe. Assist with the configuration of computerized physician order entry Build and implement new software solutions and applications from the ground up. Perform analysis, design, implementation, verification, demonstration, and maintenance of these products in a team environment. Prioritize and manage multiple projects and deliverables simultaneously Implement software according to internal and industry best practices Analyzing information to recommend and plan the installation of new systems or modifications of an existing system. Consulting with departments or customers on project status and proposals Work with Quality Assurance, Project Managers and Product Specialists to ensure that company products are meeting client standards. Analyzing information to recommend and plan the installation of new systems or modifications of an existing system. Degree or diploma in computer science, computer systems engineering, software engineering, web design, or a field related to the industry One year of related experience Demonstrated aptitude for learning new technologies Familiarity with various programming languages and development platforms Strong knowledge of browser compatibility problems for all platforms and major browser types Ability to effectively communicate both verbally and in writing High level of integrity and work ethic Ability to prioritize and manage conflicting demands Demonstrated time management skills Ability to work individually as well as part of a team High flexibility with strong interpersonal skills that allow one to work effectively in a diverse environment Extended periods of sitting Overtime as required Operation of desktop computer and peripherals Working in a busy office environment with frequent interruptions 
ScrapedJobID210:
Working in collaboration with Product Managers and/or Business Analysts to write concise acceptance criteria and provide comprehensive gap analysis during the development of requirements Working closely with all stakeholders, including developers, to ensure that quality is built into every step of the process, rather than at separate stages. Lead the team in planning, preparing and executing effective test efforts and walkthroughs Help manage, create, and deliver testing strategies and plans using risk analysis methodologies and tools that align with the development approach/methodology selected for their assigned project Ensure the test process, methodologies and tools are applied appropriately and that the test phase entry/exit criteria are agreed to by stakeholders and applied by the test team Communication and understanding of the impact to testing for scope changes to the project management team both from a timeline/cost and a risk perspective Prioritize testing tasks based on goals and risks of projects and ensure testing milestones, activities and tasks are completed as scheduled Support the team in creating reusable test assets for both manual and automated test scripts Lead the continuous, measured improvement of testing processes, strategies, plans and frameworks Primary liaison for testing resources and business participants on business acceptance test support Manage relationships with project team members, third party vendors/ service partners, release teams and client areas as appropriate Provide assistance/guidance to teammates on policy, procedures, testing tasks and training in general Helps in implementation of new testing strategies Be creative to solve current issues and shape the product to bring it to a higher quality Document business requirements in various forms, usually in natural-language documents, use cases, user stories, or process specifications Participate in planning sessions to improve business processes for the creation of business requirements and test cases Assess business needs utilizing a structured requirements process (gathering, analyzing, documenting, re-evaluating, and managing changes) to prioritize immediate business needs and recommends options All other duties as assigned by management Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or related experience 5 - 10 years of QA experience, with at least 5 years of solid work experience in a QA/Test Lead role Experience testing websites, ecommerce, mobile sites and native applications Experience working in an agile software development team promoting methodologies and frameworks such as Scrum and TDD Excellent communication (both verbal and written) and interpersonal skills Experience working on an e-commerce and loyalty platforms within travel is a plus Experience working in Laravel frameworks is a plus Ability to work under pressure and react with urgency, meet deadlines and produce results on time Ability to respond quickly and effectively under constant changing conditions Ability to work in a multi-function, multi-tasking, detailed environment both within a team as well as independently Dental care Employee assistance program Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Quality assurance: 8 years (preferred) web services: 5 years (preferred) E-commerce: 5 years (preferred) Microservices: 3 years (preferred) automation testing: 5 years (preferred) manual testing: 5 years (preferred) test lead: 4 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID211:
At least 2 years of production working experience with Web/Mobile applications. Knowledge and understanding of QA processes Ability to estimate QA activities required for the project Ability to write clear, concise and comprehensive test plans and test cases Strong knowledge of testing types and methodologies Test case design in the end-to-end integration testing Experience of working in an Agile (Scrum) environment Ability to work independently without direct supervision. Good written and communication English skills. Experience API testing is a great plus. Experience working in a distributed team environment. Experience working with TestRail is a plus. Automation testing experience desirable (Cypress) 
ScrapedJobID212:
Work with development engineering to define and implement quality standards and processes to verify that they are met Maintain and enhance software infrastructure and processes Contribute to QA effort including writing and executing test plans and performing testing 5+ years of experience in software quality assurance or development engineering Proficiency with C, Linux/Unix shell, and scripting languages (Python, Tcl) Rigorous software development processes, e.g. Agile Parallel programming experience Embedded systems experience Assembly language/software-hardware interface experience Processor architectures Effective working with distributed development teams Proven collaborative leadership ability Excellent client-facing and internal communication skills Demonstrated flexibility in dealing with rapidly changing situations Solid organizational skills including attention to detail and multitasking skills EDA tools/terminology Web authoring/content: TWiki, CGI, etc. Eclipse development environment C++, make, Java Windows and Linux development or automation tools Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, EE or equivalent experience and skills. Must be a U.S. Citizen, or permanent resident (green card holder), no sponsorship provided 
ScrapedJobID213:
Deliver high quality test plans and manual test scripts for different types of testing including user interface testing, integration testing and regression testing Perform testing. Investigate and report defects in clear, concise language Read, understand and interpret development stories, functional requirements, and statements of work. Design and create test data to validate these requirements Creation and maintenance of application code that meets design specifications, follows Cayenta Schools standards, and is easy to maintain, including development documentation and end-user release notes. Communicate testing and/or development progress to team members and managers. Ability to estimate work as requested. Work within deadlines in relation to product release timelines, and consistently complete assigned QA and development tasks in required timeframes. Customer-service oriented. Fulfill administrative reporting requirements. Other duties as assigned by management. University degree/diploma in Information Technology or equivalent experience. Experience creating QA test plans. Experience with reporting development tools and libraries such as Power BI and Cognos. Experience with Microsoft SQL Server and Data Modeling. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Knowledge of financial and/or Human Resources-Payroll systems. Familiarity with the SDS applications and database schema. Experience with Software Requirements Specifications, and strong interpretative skills to understand design requirements. Experience using Java or C# programming languages. Experience working in a team environment. Experience working with Jira and Xray Test Management for Jira. Scrum and Agile practices experience will be an asset. Opportunities to advance your career Comprehensive Medical, Dental and Vision benefits Paid vacation and personal days Lifestyle rewards Community involvement social responsibility Collaborative work environment And so much more! 
ScrapedJobID214:
Responsible for GMP, HACCP & SQF Quality Systems, consistent with company policies and procedures as well as regulatory compliance. Performs as a HACCP leader to ensure HACCP program and pre-requisite programs are up-to-date and fully implemented in production. Maintains all certifications, including SQF and Gluten-Free Certifications. Collaborates with the Plant Operations and Product Development Teams on new product launches to ensure new products meet specifications. Apply to CFIA for, and receive Export certificates in a timely manner Maintains a library of finished product specifications, SOPs, SSOPs, QA forms etc. Applies Statistical Process Controls to maintain product quality/food safety, prepare and evaluate KPI reports. Creates training materials to support GMP/HACCP/Sanitation programs at all levels of the company and provides routine employee training on quality, regulatory, and food safety principles and policies to ensure 100% completion of the training. Reviews plant issues, ensures problems are resolved, and follows-up on customer/supplier complaints with corrective actions and preventive measures. In conjunction with the Plant Operations, implements quality enhancement processes and procedures at the plant level to achieve process improvements and cost savings. Maintains Recall/Mock Recall, Traceability, FIFO, Continuous Improvement, Sanitation, Pest Control, Food Security, etc. programs. Owns third party audits (SQF, Gluten Free, etc.), customer and internal audit. Responsible for the identifying and maintaining of key performance metrics as related to food safety and quality. Manages, motivates personnel, and prepares recommendation for team development. Prepares budgetary recommendations regarding QA department and Sanitation. Oversees facility sanitation through monitoring of environmental swabbing and communicate with a Sanitation supervisor on any identified cleaning issues. Reviews internal/external testing results for the raw material, finished products, etc. Maintains Supplier Program and approval of new and existing suppliers. Routinely coach, guide and review performance and delegate responsibilities on a regular basis to ensure effective development of team members. Advise and deliver appropriate training and system orientation, provide leadership and coach the quality team on all quality related issues All Taste of Nature Foods employees must abide and follow the company’s Food Safety policies and procedures to produce safe, legal, and quality products. Manage the effluent permit – sampling effluent 12 times annually, overseeing the permit implementation and daily record keeping. Production staff orientation and training. Special projects and other tasks as requested. University Degree in either Food Science, Microbiology, Engineering or related field and 3-5 years of food related QA Management experience Solid knowledge of SQF FS Standard Issue 8 Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Lead by example management style that incorporates coaching for success with a fair but firm approach on Quality and Food safety Demonstrated high level of initiative, judgment, and decision-making skills to organize and prioritize tasks, workload, and projects Supporter of “Do Things Right the First Time” principle Leadership abilities with excellent time management skills Disciplined, motivated and accountable for all QA matters Tact and diplomacy are required in dealing with colleagues in every day working relationships Proficient in Word, Excel, Access software to produce effective reports, documents, spreadsheets Casual dress 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Quality Assurance: 1 year (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID215:
Postsecondary education or equivalent training and work experience Chartered Insurance Professional (CIP) designation, or completion of most CIP courses an asset Other Than Life (OTL) General Insurance Licence Minimum ten years of related experience Proficient in Microsoft Office Experience with insurance software Understanding of the mutual insurance system and its philosophy Strong writing, editing, and proofreading skills Knowledge and use of commercial/farm/residential/automobile risk rating systems Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID216:
Perform and log first-off inspections for in-production parts. Approve in-process production by confirming specifications; conducting visual and measurement tests; communicating required adjustments to production and quality supervisor. Approve finished products by confirming specifications; conducting visual and measurement tests; returning products for re-work; confirming re-work. Document inspection results by completing reports and logs; summarizing re-work and waste; inputting data into a quality database. Maintain a safe and healthy work environment by following standards and procedures, complying with Company and legal regulations. Other duties as assigned Mechanical Engineering Technologist Diploma or similar recommended. Entry level experience as an Inspector Experience within a Machining environment preferred Demonstrated use of dimensional measuring equipment; vernier calipers and micrometres Strong verbal and written communication skills Strong analytical skills Ability to learn new software applications, tools, and technology quickly Keen attention to detail and meticulous delivery in the highest quality of standards and accuracy Strong work ethic: demonstrated time management, ability to prioritize, multitask and maintain flexibility Ability to work well autonomously and within a collaborative environment Continuous learning 
ScrapedJobID217:
Prepare detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases Review requirements, specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback Plan and coordinate testing activities, thoroughly identifying and documenting bugs Build and execute automation scripts using open source tools Organize testing processes for new and existing products to meet client needs Collaborate with internal teams (e.g. developers and product managers) to identify system requirements Review debugging process results Track quality assurance metrics, like defect densities and open defect counts Analyze the causes of non-conforming software and train users to implement solutions Maintain relevant knowledge about new testing tools and test strategies 2+ years' experience of working on a QA Engineer position Significant experience of working in software development teams and using software QA methodologies and tools Solid experience in writing clear, concise and comprehensive test plans and test cases Significant experience with both white box and black box testing Experience with automated testing tools Good knowledge of SQL and scripting Understanding of Agile/Scrum development principles Experience with performance and/or security testing will be a bonus BS or MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or other related area 
ScrapedJobID218:
High school diploma or GED required; Bachelor’s degree in Business, Logistics or a related area preferred. Six (6) months package handler, FedEx Ground field or related experience required; Bachelor’s degree in Business, Logistics or a related area is accepted in lieu of required experience 
ScrapedJobID219:
You have a “CAN DO” attitude. You are an out-of-the box thinker. You THRIVE at solving problems and enjoy a good challenge. Team Player with EXCELLENT interpersonal and communication skills (written and verbal). Strong work ethic with a POSITIVE attitude and a PASSION for Quality Assurance. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Excellent time management skills. Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook). 3-5 years of software testing experience, ideally with cloud-based SaaS solutions. Strong automated test development experience with Cypress, TestCafe or other Automation software. Ability to create, update and review test documentation. Strong analytical skills and attention to detail. Experience with frontend (web, iOS, and Android), backend and API testing and related test tools. Ability to create tests, plan and coordinate load and system integration tests. Interest and ability to learn new tools. Bachelor of Science Degree or higher education (Computer Science or related field is an asset). Candidates must undergo a criminal records check upon hire; Be a Canadian Citizen (dual citizens included), or eligible to work in Canada; Be willing to comply with Solink’s own security policies and standards. Proactively drive all testing activities. Collaborate closely with other Team and cross-functional departments. Plan, estimate, prepare and execute Test Cases and Test Scripts to ensure the quality deliverables. Write and maintain automated tests to support regression and health check testing. Identify test requirements from specifications, map test case requirements and design test coverage plan. Backend database testing in different environments. Execute and evaluate manual or automated test cases and report test results. Ensure that validated deliverables meet functional and design specifications and requirements. Isolate, replicate, and report defects and verify defect fixes. Manage QA risks and mitigation plans. Become an expert user of our SaaS platform, from the perspectives of customer end-users (using web, iOS, and Android applications), installers (using on-premise device interfaces) and platform administrators (using our web management application). Design, document, and execute new feature and regression test plans and cases. Participate with the development team and product management to understand upcoming new features and create new test cases. Design and perform brain engaged testing, thinking out of the box, doing the unpredictable. Continuously improve processes. Flexibility in your chosen hours of work by helping you get "stuff" done (encourages that work life balance); Opportunities for growth based on merit, skill, and initiative; Friendly, welcoming and team-oriented atmosphere that fosters collaboration; Creative and innovative environment that mentors, supports, motivates and inspires you to make an impact; Interesting and exciting assignments ranging in size, type and complexity; An “open-door” policy where communication and brainstorming is encouraged; A really positive and fun environment working with an incredibly ENERGETIC team; Competitive salary reviewed annually; Fully paid Health / dental benefits offered immediately (an additional $500 spending account for items that aren’t covered in our AMAZING benefits program); Monthly reimbursement toward a health and wellness; Extracurricular SOLINKIAN social events (annual “solink-o de mayo”, so-learns, sports teams, so-lunches, team builders, and much more) Please note: While we are currently operating remotely during the pandemic, in future, we may require work from the office. 
ScrapedJobID220:

ScrapedJobID221:
Give our customers peace of mind by expanding and adapting our ability to provide security expertise through InsightVM/Nexpose that aligns with the realities of a constantly-changing security landscape Be creative to evolve our content automation frameworks to ensure simple and scalable processes Developing and maintaining scalable and testable ETL pipelines with responsibilities in transforming and sanitizing data Exercise various quality assurance techniques to ensure policy compliance artifacts are accurate and intuitive Improving code quality of existing frameworks Curiosity and a proven track record of personal growth and self-improvement 1+ years of experience or educational background in software engineering Comfortable and experience with one or more of: Python, Ruby, Java, Bash Affinity to systems administration and learning about new products and technologies Awareness of XML, XPath, JSON, and Regular Expressions Interest with information security principles Rest assured with medical and dental insurance through Canada Life Competitive compensation packages, RSP matching, and an employee stock purchase plan (ESPP). Keep your life in balance with unlimited paid vacation days, company holidays, maternity/paternity leave and a flexible work schedule as needed. We love to give back with company-wide community giving days, plus ample opportunity to spend time on the causes you care about. Enjoy a modern workplace featuring the latest collaboration tech, healthy snacks and beverages, quiet spaces, and many ways to let off some steam. 
ScrapedJobID222:
Participate in all aspects of testing an e-commerce platform. This includes functional review, planning functional and regression tests, tracking anomalies and reporting results in an Agile environment; Analyze requirements and estimate efforts to test a specific functionality (“User story”); Design functional test cases that verify requirements and validate functionality; Execute all levels of testing, including functional testing, regression testing, smoke testing, exploratory testing and load testing; Report bugs and incidents to the development team (JIRA tool); Collaborate with developers to improve the quality of deliverables and ensure that business needs are met; Create, maintain and complete a growing and robust suite of automated test cases/unit tests, using internal tools and processes; Identify improvement opportunities and recommend solutions to optimize and evolve processes and work methods; Actively contribute to the growth of our product knowledge base and interface with external audiences and internal teams as needed. Good knowledge of automated testing tools (Selenium or others); Knowledge of nUnit; Knowledge of object-oriented programming (OOP); Passionate about the web, e-commerce, online payment solutions, social networks (Facebook, etc.) and online search engines (Google, etc.); Able to work on multiple priorities; Knowledge of the JIRA tool, an asset; Knowledge of Microsoft MS SQL Server—Queries, an asset. Bachelor’s degree or college diploma; Three (3) years of experience in the software quality assurance field; Experience in C#, HTML, Java Script, JQuery and Xpaths; Experience in ERP software testing (Microsoft Dynamics suite, SAP B1, etc.) an asset; Experience working in project management software development teams (SCRUM and Agile methods), an asset. A flexible work schedule (37.5 hours/week) in a friendly and dynamic environment; Possibility of teleworking after the pandemic, no minimum number of days in the office will be imposed; Work equipment provided while working from home; Competitive salaries; Full group insurance plans upon hiring; Stock purchase plan after three (3) months; Minimum 3-week vacation; Paid vacations between Christmas and New Year’s Day; Five sick days; Two personal floating days. 
ScrapedJobID223:
Develop, lead, and mentor a motivated and responsible Quality Assurance team (Automation, Manuel tests, Quality Coaches) composed of internal and external resources. Manage a team responsible for driving end-to-end testing of small and large scale features and applications that can span across multiple platforms Continually improve the operational efficiency and effectiveness of the QA effort by assessing current quality assurance practices and incorporating new strategies Optimize and standardize the use of technology, automation, and development of new test tools within the continuous delivery philosophy Demonstrate strong business and technical judgment that will accelerate time to market of releases Define and implement metrics (track and report) and reporting mechanisms Enable the QA team to design and implement test plans and test cases, conduct test plan reviews, conduct risk analysis, and drive integration testing across the system Contribute directly and individually to project testing and/or automation test development Clearly communicate issues, risks, concerns, and successes to stakeholders and higher management Monitor and report on QA Budget allocated for the teams Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field A minimum of 8 years experience in a QA environment with at least 3 years in an e-commerce environment A minimum of 5 years experience leading a QA team A minimum of 3 years experience with automated testing, Cloud deployment and continuous delivery Experience working and managing in an Agile environment Experience in software programming, automated testing frameworks, and JIRA Experience working with test case management tools such as Test-Rail and Cucumber Experience working in Continuous Integration / Continuous Deployment environments with tools such as Travis and Jenkins Knowledge of GIT, PHP, Javascript (Node.js, React), Java (Spring Boot), MySQL, PostgreSQL, and CSS Good understanding of service oriented architectures, software development and the QA life cycle, including proactive recognition and mitigation of potential testing and validation challenges Strong interpersonal skills with a proven ability to influence effectively at all levels of the organization Creative thinker with excellent problem solving abilities Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, performance-driven environment Self-motivated with the ability to work effectively under deadlines 
ScrapedJobID224:
Write manual test cases to verify product functionality as features are being developed Execute tests at all phases of the release cycle including functional, regression testing etc. Create and execute test cases, test scenarios, regression tests, and work with developers to ensure all reported software bugs/defects are resolved Document defects into a bug tracking system Communicate status regularly and effectively to project and functional leaders Nice to have: Develop and maintain automated test scripts with Selenium and C# 5+ years’ experience in Quality Assurance Expert understanding of QA testing processes and methodologies Experience with designing and executing manual test cases as well as experience in running, planning and maintaining automated testing scripts (Selenium experience would be an asset) Experience with various software development tools (Azure Devops, JIRA, Confluence, VSTFS) Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills Excellent communication, written and collaboration skills Bachelor Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent experience Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Software Testing: 5 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID225:
Act as customer liaison for program planning and trials up to and including PPAP submission Serve as an internal champion for any customer issues or concerns Assist in new program feasibility review Participate in new business reviews, customer programs, and supplier development Assist in establishing procedures for assigned programs to ensure high standards of quality, reliability, and safety Assist with promoting and implementing company-wide quality improvement efforts Participate in quality process improvements Support and assist with IATF16949 compliance Minimum of 5 years injection molding experience 2-3 yrs. experience in administration or quality engineering (SPC and problem-solving techniques) Good organizational & interpersonal skills Good oral and written communications skills Working knowledge of MS Word, Excel, and other related software programs as required Good understanding of metrology (GD&T, CMM, etc.) Knowledge of APQP and PPAP processes Familiar with ISO9001 and IATF16949 standards RRSP match 8 hour shift Are you legally eligible to work in Canada? Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Injection Moulding: 5 years (preferred) Quality assurance: 2 years (required) No 
ScrapedJobID226:
Review functional and design specifications to ensure full understanding of individual deliverables. Backend database testing in MySQL environment including validating stored data, procedures, triggers and jobs Identify test requirements from specifications, map test case requirements and design test coverage plan. Develop, document and maintain functional test cases and other test artifacts like the test data, data validation, harness scripts and automated scripts. Execute and evaluate manual or automated test cases and report test results Comply with company's QA standards; provide daily test execution progress and technical reports on testing when required. Communicate defects and issues in a concise, timely and professional manner. Assist development with reproducing defects under investigations. Evaluate and report on the quality of software products and make recommendations for deployment. Work collaboratively among different teams to develop and improve QA processes Support other analysts by reviewing work and providing feedback when required BS or BA degree preferred. 4+ years of relevant QA technical experience 2+ years of experience with DevOps tools 2 + years of experience with working in Agile Methodology Experience with Jenkins tools to manage CI/CD pipelines Intermediate level knowledge of the software development life cycle, testing strategies, tools and QA methodologies Experience working with and testing web services – REST, SOAP, JSON Experience in documenting, tracking and escalating issues as appropriate, using JIRA Experience with testing for software & hardware integrations in a Lab environment. 1+ years large enterprise or e-business systems experience Experience working on products or apps with over a million users. We are proud to be certified as “Great Place to Work, Canada” TheAppLabb is a leading product innovation firm, focused on the strategy, design, and development of cutting-edge apps. TheAppLabb comprehensive 360-degree product development process includes ideation, research, app strategy, design, development, maintenance, and customer acquisition. Through its R&D division, TheAppLabb builds solutions with emerging technologies like Artificial Intelligence, IoT, Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality and Blockchain. Through its Incubator, TheAppLabb actively invests in start-ups & helps them with product development and corporate development TheAppLabb has developed mobile apps for top brands such as Suncor, Gateway Casinos, JBS, Unilever, Samsung, Dell, Electrolux, Frigidaire, RBC, Hudson’s Bay, Teknion, Toronto International Film Festival, Canadian International Auto Show, Rapala, Park N Fly, Banff World Media Festival, Ontario Real Estate Association, etc. Competitive salary. Extended Health benefits and Dental Care. Vision Care. Life insurance (dependent included) Counselling Services (Workplace Advisor) Survivor Benefit. EAP Paid time off. Flexible work environment. Hybrid and remote work available To keep the fun on, we have Virtual team building activities (Bi-weekly socials, Monthly town halls, etc.) 
ScrapedJobID227:
Review and analyze specifications for new construction and vessel repairs to prepare necessary inspection plans, including a checklist of inspection points to be covered during critical phases of work; Conduct inspections during new construction and repair of vessels to ensure compliance of production facilities with drawings, specifications, quality processes, and other applicable standards; Perform specific inspections on materials, equipment, and construction / installation activities on the site; Understand specific project requirements, and monitor and control the quality of construction and/or repairs to ensure that work is completed in accordance with specification requirements, regulations, standards, and internal procedures; Identify any non-compliance, and assist in addressing them to facilitate their resolution following an inspection; Perform final inspections with the customer to ensure compliance of the final product with standards, requirements, and contractual agreements; Perform all relevant follow-up controls; Perform punching operations; Check power transformers, electrical panel, storage battery, outlets, lighting system; Perform visual inspections, dimensional testing, checks classification and connection equipment; Perform functional testing of instruments and communication features; Check the special processes and qualifications of the workers involved; Ensure proper implementation of the approved inspection test plan; Review the specifications, drawings, procedures, and technical standards required for each project; Participate in and/or prepare a wide variety of documents (such as specifications, inspection reports, quality assurance audits, technical systems documentation, and Company Inspection Standards Operating Procedures: determine what information to include and ensure its validity; these documents may become an integral part of engineering files). Demonstrate relevant work experience in quality control; Hold a qualified electrical technician or journeyman title; Require a thorough knowledge of quality control procedures, record keeping and systems; Ability to interpret specifications and technical drawings; Experience with high-voltage electrical installations, including switchgear and electric drives; Knowledge of instrument calibration including ultrasonic flow meters, level transmitters, temperature transmitters, pressure transmitters, etc.; Have a good knowledge of marine electrical standards (IEEE 45, TP127, related classification standards, etc.); Knowledge of the regulations of the classification society; Knowledge of NDT procedures and techniques; Comfortable using Microsoft Office software; Proven ability to work effectively with clients and as a team. A 40-hour schedule over 4 days, from Monday to Friday; Flexible pension plan & group insurance; Competitive salary; Free parking; An EFAP that is accessible to the whole family upon employment; Must qualify for a Government of Canada Reliability Status and obtain and maintain Government of Canada Controlled Goods Program authorizations 
ScrapedJobID228:
Establish QA performance standards, procedures, audit, escalation and matrix controls in order to meet business requirements. Create and maintain all QA control documentation. Documenting reliability, error codes, fixes, security, compliance issues and risks before ‘Go Live’ implementation. Create functionality versus requirements traceability matrices and test environment matrices. Provide assistance, guidance and subject matter expertise to project team members (developers, system analysts and other Regional resources) on QA testing, methodologies, frameworks, processes and to skillfully trouble-shoot issues and seek resolutions in a timely manner. Assist multiple project teams with the testing of systems, modules and prototypes Analysis of scope, risks and status updates associated with tests including smoke tests. Managing the integration of quality principles and best practices into the design and development of software and IT processes. Verify functionality, ease of use, reliability, enhancements and compatibility with other software to mitigate risk. Reviews application software and security requirements, performs gap analysis and provides recommendations on relevant Salesforce and related technology platforms and systems. Identify and implement process improvements to increase the efficiency, effectiveness, and quality of operations by constantly exploring new methods for software verification and validation. Perform installations, configurations and executions of verification procedures Responsible for assisting with the organization's quality assurance policies and documenting product development processes. Conduct on-going regression and integration testing of products(s) post implementation. Other responsibilities as assigned by the management team. University or college graduate in Computer Science or related discipline and/or combination of education and practical experience Minimum 5 years’ experience with QA practices, systems, regulations, guidelines, and associated standards Test certifications in IIST, ISEB, CSQA, CSTM and/or ISTQB are preferred Experience with either open source or commercial automated tools (Selenium, GitHub, Cucumber, QTP, etc.) Best practices and experience with both waterfall and agile (scrum) project management methodologies are preferred Experience with QA for release management on the Salesforce platform, including Salesforce certification, is preferred. Experience with DevOps and CI/CD best practices and tools is preferred Experience integrating Salesforce with other enterprise technology platforms (e.g. Esri GIS, Microsoft, Maximo/EAM etc.) is preferred Demonstrated experience of various software testing methods (Regression, Load/Stress, Code Coverage Analysis, Black/White box testing, Acceptance, Performance) Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to interface directly with cross-functional teams Ability to create and review technical documentation, including project plans, test procedures, design and sign-off documents Practical experience with risk management, product testing, capability studies, and control plans Strong problem identification, analytical and resolution skills High level of proficiency with Microsoft Office productivity suite Strong work ethic and positive team attitude to meet multiple deadlines 
ScrapedJobID229:
Deliver high quality test plans and manual test scripts for different types of testing including user interface testing, integration testing and regression testing Perform testing. Investigate and report defects in clear, concise language Read, understand and interpret development stories, functional requirements, and statements of work. Design and create test data to validate these requirements Creation and maintenance of application code that meets design specifications, follows Cayenta Schools standards, and is easy to maintain, including development documentation and end-user release notes. Communicate testing and/or development progress to team members and managers. Ability to estimate work as requested. Work within deadlines in relation to product release timelines, and consistently complete assigned QA and development tasks in required timeframes. Customer-service oriented. Fulfill administrative reporting requirements. Other duties as assigned by management. University degree/diploma in Information Technology or equivalent experience. Experience creating QA test plans. Experience with reporting development tools and libraries such as Power BI and Cognos. Experience with Microsoft SQL Server and Data Modeling. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Knowledge of financial and/or Human Resources-Payroll systems. Familiarity with the SDS applications and database schema. Experience with Software Requirements Specifications, and strong interpretative skills to understand design requirements. Experience using Java or C# programming languages. Experience working in a team environment. Experience working with Jira and Xray Test Management for Jira. Scrum and Agile practices experience will be an asset. Opportunities to advance your career Comprehensive Medical, Dental and Vision benefits Paid vacation and personal days Lifestyle rewards Community involvement social responsibility Collaborative work environment And so much more! 
ScrapedJobID230:

ScrapedJobID231:
Minimum 1 year of work experience as a core logging geologist; College degree or bachelor’s degree in Geology, Earth Sciences; Experience in core logging, geoteching, and sampling of diamond drilling programs; Experience with software such as LogChief, MX Deposit, DataShed, and Leapfrog an assist, as well as Microsoft office; Solid knowledge of geological settings, deposit models, and ore forming processes; Strong sense of integrity, ethics and desire to positively impact the environment; Ability to develop and foster strong working relationships; Ability to work with a diverse cross-cultural workforce; Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities; Physically fit to perform the duties of the position; Valid driver's license. Complete geological and geotechnical logging on diamond drill core; Maintain core logging data in database; Track and catalogue drill core and samples; Manage core samples shipments; Quality assurance and control of logging and sample data; Demonstrate safety leadership within a team environment and promote environmental awareness in all work or task related duties; Maintain a high standard of performance in your duties; Be an effective communicator in English (verbal and written) at all levels, including keeping your cross-shift and other team members fully informed at all times; Participate in site specific training; Comply with company standards, as well as Yukon Territory and Canadian federal standards; Other duties may be assigned from time to time as required by the Company. 12 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID232:
Give our customers peace of mind by expanding and adapting our ability to provide security expertise through InsightVM/Nexpose that aligns with the realities of a constantly-changing security landscape Be creative to evolve our content automation frameworks to ensure simple and scalable processes Developing and maintaining scalable and testable ETL pipelines with responsibilities in transforming and sanitizing data Exercise various quality assurance techniques to ensure policy compliance artifacts are accurate and intuitive Improving code quality of existing frameworks Curiosity and a proven track record of personal growth and self-improvement 1+ years of experience or educational background in software engineering Comfortable and experience with one or more of: Python, Ruby, Java, Bash Affinity to systems administration and learning about new products and technologies Awareness of XML, XPath, JSON, and Regular Expressions Interest with information security principles Rest assured with medical and dental insurance through Canada Life Competitive compensation packages, RSP matching, and an employee stock purchase plan (ESPP). Keep your life in balance with unlimited paid vacation days, company holidays, maternity/paternity leave and a flexible work schedule as needed. We love to give back with company-wide community giving days, plus ample opportunity to spend time on the causes you care about. Enjoy a modern workplace featuring the latest collaboration tech, healthy snacks and beverages, quiet spaces, and many ways to let off some steam. 
ScrapedJobID233:
Ensure effective implementation of QMS processes by monitoring QA systems and advising QA leadership on system performance
provide status reports of quality activities provide status reports of quality activities Create and maintain QA control documentation, analyze data, and generate reports as required by company SOPs and regulatory requirements Assist with document control, records control, non-conforming material, corrective and preventive action, investigating complaints, and more Work with process owners to facilitate effective processes and continuous improvement Audits; Assist QA Manager in internal audit program and external audits and inspections Assisting the QA Manager with administrative functions and processes Ensuring project team adheres to provided timelines and deliverables Communicating plans, actions, risks, and issues with key stakeholders Create and review technical documentation, including project plans, test procedures, and design documents. Develop, review, and maintain metrics and quality audits. Ensures quality and accuracy in day-to-day activities Contribute to many different areas of this exciting homegrown Ottawa business. Other related duties as required or assigned. Post-secondary degree/diploma (or a combination of related education and experience of at least 3 years) 3-6 years of related industry experience, preferably in a regulated environment Experience running core Quality processes including Corrective and Preventive Actions, Non-conformances, Document Control Solid understanding of Quality Management concepts In-depth knowledge of all relevant Quality Management Standards including ISO 13485:2016, ISO 14971:2012, 21 CFR 820, EU MDR, Health Canada Regulations Knowledge of Google Office and Microsoft Office productivity suites. Knowledge of working with Software Development Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Attention to detail and ability to maintain up to date and accurate records Excellent written, verbal, presentation, and collaboration skills Capable of working well individually as well as part of a team Strong work ethic and positive team attitude. Comfortable in a fast-paced, high energy, customer-focused start-up environment It is a mandatory condition of your employment that: (i) you are vaccinated for COVID-19 with vaccines that have been approved by the Government of Canada; (ii) you have received both of your vaccines at least 14 days prior to your start date; and, (iii) you receive any recommended COVID-19 related boosters which are subsequently approved and recommended by the Government of Canada. Note: If you are unable to receive COVID-19 vaccines due to medical or human rights reasons, please let us know so that we can discuss potential accommodations. Prior experience working in a SaMD manufacturing environment using Agile development methodology. 
ScrapedJobID234:
Working for a stable and growing company that offers the environment and personal growth potential of a start-up as well as the stability of a business with established revenue. The chance to work with a smart, enthusiastic team of people. The chance to work on a project that will change the work lives of developers around the world, including your own! Competitive salary and bonus plan. Comprehensive benefits package and health/wellness credit program. $80 per month food credit. Experience with at least one major platform (Linux, MacOS, Windows) and exposure to the others Experience with the command line, IDEs, and developer tools in both types of environment Strong opinions on what a QA process should look like- you will make recommendations on tooling and test types Experience testing CLI apps Precious experience authoring automation processes Experience with cost-modeling of quality at various stages in the development process Strong experience writing and executing test plans The ability to quickly pick up new languages and technologies Excellent written and spoken skills, both technical and non-technical A willingness to engage in the process of defining our work through conversations with product management, other engineering teams, and the rest of the company Agile processes, including breaking large projects up into smaller stories, estimation, working in branches (GitHub Flow), code review, and CI. Statistics and data analysis Golang development experience Perl, Python, Tcl, Ruby, JavaScript, or Java experience, especially an understanding of their respective language communities and their toolchains. 
ScrapedJobID235:
Continuously Improve: We strive to get better each day individually and as a team Own: We see our bytes through from farm to table Deliver: We plan and execute our work efficiently Experiment: We embrace trying new things and learn from our successes and failures Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal Familiar with writing scripts in modern programming languages such as Javascript or Python Working experience with source control systems such as Git, SVN, Mercurial Experience running and monitoring tests in CI/CD systems The ability to balance the need for quality with the need for speed Experience with working in Linux or MacOS Working experience in an agile development team Some experience in using industry standard tools to develop and maintain automated user acceptance test suites 3+ years experience in performing quality assurance for a web based software product 3+ years experience with cross-browser testing, functional, stress/performance, security testing of multi-tiered web applications Understand and be comfortable with Extreme Programming and DevOps practices such as Test Driven Development (TDD), Pair Programming, Continuous Integration (CI), Continuous Deployment (CD) Remote working arrangements; work from anywhere in the world If you want an office to visit, we have an amazing Downtown Vancouver location, 2 mins from Yaletown Skytrain Amazing office amenities equipped with snacks, drinks, games (Nintendo switch, VR, ping pong table), and an on-site gym We have excellent extended health and dental benefits for yourself and your family You may contribute to a Retirement Savings Plan, with employer matching contributions We are family friendly and offer flexibility We’re champions of diversity and welcome beans of all shapes, sizes and backgrounds We have regular team get-togethers, parties, and believe in celebrating our wins and having fun 
ScrapedJobID236:
T esting Expertise – Lead the analysis and translation of business requirements into test cases. Analyzing business, designs, development documentations to help determine risk, scope, component impact, identify appropriate testing approach/methodology for a project and incorporate into the test strategy, plan and execution. Design and manage end-to-end testing activities for various projects across the business. Use your expertise in software development testing to provide clients with quality products that meet business and system requirements. Leadership Skills – Provide advice to your team, including ongoing feedback, support, and mentorship. Proactively identify any potential issues throughout all test phases, and suggest possible improvements or enhancements. Project Coordination – Identify obstacles or risks that may impact a project’s timeline or success and provide regular status updates to the business. Keep the lines of communication open with stakeholders, and escalate issues when necessary. Ensure that all test deliverables are received, approved, and aligned to your project’s timeline, budget and objectives. Monitor adherence to CIBC’s processes through all phases of the software development life cycle-ensure test activities are compliant to test standards. You can demonstrate 4+ years of experience in software development testing, automation, and software process improvement. Ability to design, plan and execute application testing strategies and tactics to ensure software quality at all stages of application development. You have understanding of testing techniques and tools of APIs/WebServices/dB testing. It’s an asset if you have experience writing and executing SQL queries, and have software development experience in Java, C#, Python, VBScript, etc. You put our clients first. You engage with purpose to find the right solutions. You go the extra mile, because it’s the right thing to do. You give meaning to data. You enjoy investigating complex problems, and making sense of information. You're confident in your ability to communicate detailed information in an impactful way. You're driven by collective success. You know that collaboration can transform a good idea into a great one. You understand the power of an inclusive team that enjoys working together to create a shared vision. Your influence makes an impact. You know that relationships and networks are essential to success. You inspire outcomes by making yourself heard. You understand that success is in the details. You notice things that others don't. You have strong analytical and problem solving skills. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making. Values matter to you . You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. Thrive: Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home Connect : Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity Develop: Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, and individual development planning . Prosper: Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID237:
Verify the reliability, functionality and performance of our Software Development Kits (SDKs), Application Program Interfaces (APIs) and higher level applications and Interfaces; Verify the reliability, functionality and performance of our various product drivers, firmware and hardware; Participate in developing test plans, modifying and validating test cases on the various hardware and software components of each product; Document test results using Test Rail; Document functional and other performance problems found during testing using Jira software; Liaise with internal groups to ensure adherence to Quality objectives; Assist the engineering and the support groups by providing feedback in reproducing and solving product related issues. College degree (AEC or DEC) in one of the following fields: computer science, electronics, Automation; Prior experience working as a quality assurance specialist is an asset; Self-Starter and Self-Learner; Motivated, thorough and detail oriented; Knowledge of various PC hardware peripherals and being comfortable in changing PC components; Good knowledge of various operating systems including Microsoft Windows, Linux and Mac; Good software and hardware troubleshooting skills; Good understanding of networking including the OSI model is an asset; Good scripting skills is an asset; Basic knowledge of video technology is an asset; Good communication skills; Excellent knowledge of French and English, both written and spoken. Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Discounted or free food Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site childcare On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Profit sharing Tuition reimbursement Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday AEC / DEP or Skilled Trade Certificate (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID238:

ScrapedJobID239:
Quality assurance for a software company Partner with product development teams to: establish and track quality indicators, ensure that product quality release criteria are defined, monitor product readiness against release criteria, raise issues to management's attention when quality criteria are not satisfied Engineer with 2+ years of related experience Track record of hands-on creation of test strategies, plans and scripts The ideal candidate will have a thorough knowledge of the Development/Test Life Cycles and Test Methodologies Should have experience in monitoring project life cycle and ensuring code quality. 
ScrapedJobID240:
Cypress Artillery GitHub JIRA Javascript SQL Linux Docker Kubernetes Liaise with our product owners and developers and involve in code review process Create detailed, comprehensive and well structured test plans and test cases Estimate, prioritize, plan and coordinate testing activities Identify, record, document thoroughly and track bugs Perform thorough regression testing when bugs are resolved Automate test cases once the feature is complete Interact with third party monitoring and debugging tools Consult and oversee the work of third party contractors 1 - 4 years of experience in Quality Assurance Strong analytical and problem solving skills Experience with security testing Excellent oral and written communication skills Experience working in an agile development environment Excellent ability working independently or as part of the team Experience working with developers to drive improvements in code quality Strong experience writing test plans and cases and executing them efficiently and accurately Half day Fridays - work a little more from Monday to Thursday, and log off at noon on Friday Company shutdown between Christmas & New Years Trust - you can’t have great teams without this Learning and development - we focus on the growth of the team Hackathons - need we say more? Workation - went to Peru in February 2020 (future trips on hold due to Covid-19) Weekly virtual social events to help promote team camaraderie 
ScrapedJobID241:
Hongrois Exécuter et mettre à jour des scénarios de test. Vérifier la qualité de la traduction, ainsi que l'uniformité et la correction du langage employé pour les produits et jeux conformément aux spécifications fournies . Signaler les erreurs selon les exigences du projet. Effectuer des analyses de produits approfondies dans le cadre de l'expérience de jeu et de test afin de mieux en comprendre le fonctionnement, de recueillir de la rétroaction et de fournir des suggestions d'amélioration. Acquérir une connaissance des méthodologies de test et du marché du jeu vidéo. Partager vos connaissances avec les autres membres de l'équipe de test. Accomplir les tâches administratives assignées par le superviseur. Effectuer d'autres activités nécessaires à l'exécution de travail conformément
aux instructions du superviseur. Suivre les procédures associées à l'emploi. Aptitudes de rédaction et de communication dans l'une des langues cibles Une année d'expérience en localisation ou en localisation de jeux vidéo Bonne connaissance du marché du jeu vidéo et des méthodologies de test, et passion pour ce domaine Capacité à bien communiquer en anglais Études dans le domaine des langues ou de la technologie de préférence Bonne maîtrise du suivi des tests d'assurance qualité, des outils de localisation et de MS Office Excellentes aptitudes en communication Accès et participation à l'un des jeux sur ordinateur les plus populaires au monde. Accès au matériel et aux logiciels utilisés aux fins du projet. Accès aux fichiers du projet et droits d'administrateur. Occasion de travailler avec un chef de file mondial en croissance dans les services liés aux jeux vidéo. Accès aux toutes dernières technologies des jeux vidéo. Possibilité de contribuer à bâtir la meilleure organisation en matière de test au monde. Travail au sein d'une équipe créative et dans un environnement convivial. Perspectives de perfectionnement professionnel dans un environnement multiculturel : Lionbridge compte des bureaux dans plus de 20 pays, et ces bureaux collaborent régulièrement sur des projets, ce qui fait découvrir à nos employés toutes sortes de cultures et de méthodes de travail. Accès à une plateforme de formation. Hungarian Execution and updates of test cases. Testing product/game translation quality, consistency and language correctness according to given specifications. Reporting bugs in line with project requirements. In-depth product analysis as part of playing and testing for better understanding of its functioning and gathering feedback, providing suggestions for product improvements. Acquiring knowledge on testing methodologies and video game market. Sharing knowledge with other members of testing team. Performing administrative tasks assigned by the supervisor. Performing other activities necessary for the proper conduct of work in accordance with the
supervisor's instructions. Observing procedures related to the job. Have native writing and speaking abilities in one of the target languages Have 1 year of experience in Localization or Game Localization Have good knowledge and passion of video game market and testing methodologies Have communicative English Preferred education - in languages or technology Have good command of test tracking, support tools and MS Office Have excellent communication skills Access/make impact to one of the most played PC games in the world Access to hardware and software used for the purposes of the project Access to project files with administrative rights. Opportunity to work with a fast-growing global leader in Games services. Access to the latest gaming technology Opportunity to help us build the best global testing organization Work in a creative team and friendly environment. Professional development opportunities in a multi-cultural environment- Lionbridge has offices in over 20 countries and many of these offices work collaboratively on projects, exposing our employees to a wide range of cultures and work styles. Access to training platform. 
ScrapedJobID242:
Creating and documenting test cases and scripts from various project deliverables and inputs, including specified functional and non-functional requirements, business stakeholder input and design specifications, to ensure appropriate test coverage and to estimate testing effort Planning and executing manual and technical test strategies in accordance with test standards, guidelines, plans and cases Performing functional, regression and other types of testing activities for planned software releases, feature enhancements, hotfixes and/or data changes Conducting thorough system and integration testing on assigned work, escalating issues to Quality Assurance Lead and Product Owner if concerned about project quality or overall project health Documenting defects uncovered and reporting findings to the development team using Team Foundation Server (TFS) Participating in requirements/user story reviews and code walk-throughs to analyze and design appropriate test cases and project risk Suggesting ways to improve the general usability of the application Working independently and raising issues/concerns as needed Where possible, identifying potential automation opportunities and collaborating with other Quality Assurance Analysts to develop automated tools to help promote improvements and efficiencies A University Degree or College Diploma in an applicable field Strong communication and documentation skills and attention to detail The ability to categorize and prioritize defects and coverage to balance completion time and quality risk The ability to learn and understand project functional requirements and logic Knowledge of various formal testing methodologies including scripting Familiar with automation and work to enhance test automation capability through scripting and other software tools The ability to both plan and conduct tests to ensure quality of work items Strong time management skills in order to meet respective deadlines 3+ years experience in software Quality Assurance testing or equivalent experience Flexible work schedule Experience in agile and waterfall testing environments Experience using automated testing tools an asset, such as TestComplete, SoapUI, ReadyAPI and/or Selenium Apium Location: Winnipeg, Manitoba 
ScrapedJobID243:
Conduct testing during all stages of product development, including integration, regression, verification and validation. Design, develop and maintain test cases to test targeted areas of product functionality based on product, development, infrastructure, business and user requirements. Execute test cases covering the entire system: software, hardware, and mobile and web interfaces. Identify missed requirements as early as possible by considering technical and user requirements during test design and execution. Design and execute automated and performance-based tests at various levels of the system. Document all defects in the defect tracking system, ensuring accurate and complete reporting of all details required to reproduce the defect and determine the impact on the user and the business. Actively participate in root cause analysis of defects, including investigative testing. Analyze test data to identify problematic components and user workflows. Proactively report test progress, results and status, escalating any issues that impact the test or project plans. Troubleshoot system and environment problems, identify root causes, and propose solutions. Comply with all legal requirements, corporate policies, health and safety guidelines, and basic ethical practices. Other duties as required by Management. 3 years of experience in a Quality Assurance testing role. System, hardware and software testing experience preferred. Proven, solid track-record with manual testing. Test tools - Microsoft Team Foundation Server, Microsoft Test Manager. Programming Languages - C# and SQL Server. Operating Systems – Windows 8, Windows 10, Server 2012. Bachelor’s degree/diploma in Computer Science or related field. ISTQB Level – 2 Certification is an asset. Understanding of both front-end and back-end web technologies (HTTP, AJAX, XML, JSON and CSS) is an asset. Test automation (C# Coded UI Tests, Selenium) is an asset. Actively participate in Agile methodologies: scrum, sprint planning and retrospective meetings. Partners closely with other departments to provide investigative testing, documentation review and knowledge transfer: Software and Hardware Engineering, Product, Documentation, Infrastructure and Technical Support. Participate in product definition and design reviews to provide input and recommendations on requirements, including functional specifications, product design, feature descriptions, epics, user stories and use cases. Also use this information to assist in test planning, defining Schedules and identifies potential problems regarding testability. Free exchange of ideas for improvement within and between teams. Must be able to prioritize and multitask in a fast-paced environment. Must be able to work effectively with minimal supervision and adapt quickly and efficiently to changing product and business requirements. Strong interpersonal skills. Must be able to work as a team player. Very strong communication skills (both written and oral). Must be able to efficiently and effectively communicate complex and detailed technical information to a wide audience. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. 
ScrapedJobID244:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent combination of technical education and experience 3+ years of professional quality assurance and testing experience Fluency in SQA methodology and tools Hands-on experience with test planning, test designing and execution, performance and stress testing, implementing and maintaining high quality test automation of both client and server systems Experience building and designing test cases including knowledge of test methodologies Experience with API automation testing including unit test frameworks Work with Product & Development teams to design and implement test strategies to deliver a quality consumer software product. Implement test automation while driving processes to reduce manual test coverage. Define quality metrics and implement measurements to determine test effectiveness, testing efficiency, and the overall quality of the software. Ensure our products meet high standards of quality, performance, security and reliability. Help tackle cross-platform engineering challenges and contribute creative ideas to the Amazon Kids quality engineering team. Strong leadership, communication, and problem solving skills Knowledge of industry standard test automation tools and experience developing product test harnesses Experience with open source tools and resources Master's degree 
ScrapedJobID245:
Portugais (Portugal) Exécuter et mettre à jour des scénarios de test. Vérifier la qualité de la traduction, ainsi que l'uniformité et la correction du langage employé pour les produits et jeux conformément aux spécifications fournies . Signaler les erreurs selon les exigences du projet. Effectuer des analyses de produits approfondies dans le cadre de l'expérience de jeu et de test afin de mieux en comprendre le fonctionnement, de recueillir de la rétroaction et de fournir des suggestions d'amélioration. Acquérir une connaissance des méthodologies de test et du marché du jeu vidéo. Partager vos connaissances avec les autres membres de l'équipe de test. Accomplir les tâches administratives assignées par le superviseur. Effectuer d'autres activités nécessaires à l'exécution de travail conformément
aux instructions du superviseur. Suivre les procédures associées à l'emploi. Aptitudes de rédaction et de communication dans l'une des langues cibles Une année d'expérience en localisation ou en localisation de jeux vidéo Bonne connaissance du marché du jeu vidéo et des méthodologies de test, et passion pour ce domaine Capacité à bien communiquer en anglais Études dans le domaine des langues ou de la technologie de préférence Bonne maîtrise du suivi des tests d'assurance qualité, des outils de localisation et de MS Office Excellentes aptitudes en communication Accès et participation à l'un des jeux sur ordinateur les plus populaires au monde. Accès au matériel et aux logiciels utilisés aux fins du projet. Accès aux fichiers du projet et droits d'administrateur. Occasion de travailler avec un chef de file mondial en croissance dans les services liés aux jeux vidéo. Accès aux toutes dernières technologies des jeux vidéo. Possibilité de contribuer à bâtir la meilleure organisation en matière de test au monde. Travail au sein d'une équipe créative et dans un environnement convivial. Perspectives de perfectionnement professionnel dans un environnement multiculturel : Lionbridge compte des bureaux dans plus de 20 pays, et ces bureaux collaborent régulièrement sur des projets, ce qui fait découvrir à nos employés toutes sortes de cultures et de méthodes de travail. Accès à une plateforme de formation. Portuguese Execution and updates of test cases. Testing product/game translation quality, consistency and language correctness according to given specifications. Reporting bugs in line with project requirements. In-depth product analysis as part of playing and testing for better understanding of its functioning and gathering feedback, providing suggestions for product improvements. Acquiring knowledge on testing methodologies and video game market. Sharing knowledge with other members of testing team. Performing administrative tasks assigned by the supervisor. Performing other activities necessary for the proper conduct of work in accordance with the
supervisor's instructions. Observing procedures related to the job. Have native writing and speaking abilities in one of the target languages Have 1 year of experience in Localization or Game Localization Have good knowledge and passion of video game market and testing methodologies Have communicative English Preferred education - in languages or technology Have good command of test tracking, support tools and MS Office Have excellent communication skills Access/make impact to one of the most played PC games in the world Access to hardware and software used for the purposes of the project Access to project files with administrative rights. Opportunity to work with a fast-growing global leader in Games services. Access to the latest gaming technology Opportunity to help us build the best global testing organization Work in a creative team and friendly environment. Professional development opportunities in a multi-cultural environment- Lionbridge has offices in over 20 countries and many of these offices work collaboratively on projects, exposing our employees to a wide range of cultures and work styles. Access to training platform. 
ScrapedJobID246:
Strong knowledge in an OOPs based programming language like Java/Javascript. Strong knowledge on developer tools like Chrome Dev/Firebug. Strong knowledge on modern AFT tools like Selenium Web Driver/Cypress etc. Strong knowledge on Test infrastructure orchestration like Selenium Grid in a remote execution capacity. Strong knowledge on deployment practices into Production environments and Jenkins pipelines in including Jenkins DSL to create and modify pipelines. Knowledge on HTML5 and CSS and modern web development technologies. You understand the importance of not only testing but also reporting, especially in the context of CI/CD tooling. You have experience with source code systems like Bitbucket or equivalent. Participate in daily cross-functional SCRUMs for projects running concurrently. Produce status reports, prioritize bugs, and contribute to Sprint planning sessions. Familiarity on how web applications are deployed in the context of cloud environments and container-based technologies like docker. 5+ years of experience in developing/scripting automated functional tests in Java. Expertise in automating complex head less applications and web applications using complex frameworks. Basic knowledge of UNIX commands and debugging skills across remote execution. Develop, document and maintain functional test cases and other test artifacts like the test data, data validation, harness scripts and automated scripts. Familiarity with software configuration management, release management and database manipulation like git, bitbucket, Jenkins etc. Strong knowledge on modern cloud-based development practices in AWS/GCP and container native technologies like docker. Highly proficient in English with excellent oral and written communication skills. Ability to deliver and manage deadlines in an agile development environment. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science (or similar). 
ScrapedJobID247:
Perform daily verification of the company’s Food Safety & Quality Programs, Policies, Standardized Operations Procedures (SOPs), and Standard Sanitation Operation Procedures (SSOPs), to ensure product quality and food safety results that meet company and customer specifications, and government regulations. Report directly to the QA Supervisor (or Director of QA in his/her absence) on daily production floor monitoring issues/problems and special projects that will improve existing process and procedures Maintain, update, monitor, and report compliance to the company’s Food Safety Prerequisite programs (Premises Conditions, Transportation, Receiving & Storage, Equipment Performance and Maintenance, Personnel Training, Sanitation & Pest Control, Health & Safety, Recall Plan, Allergen Management, Chemical Control, Supplier Approval etc.) Monitor HACCP documentation and procedures, Sanitation frequencies and Pest Control for compliance. Perform annual gap analysis of the HACCP Based Food Safety & Quality System and participate in HACCP audits and HACCP Team meetings. Participate in internal and 3rd party food safety audits (e.g. SQF certification, HACCP, Customer, CFIA, City and Provincial Health Department audits) and provide recommendations for effective continuous improvement. Conduct environmental microbial monitoring (swabs/air plates) to ensure a suitable safe food production environment. Assist in training and monitoring of personnel to ensure employees follow good manufacturing practices and comply with Food Safety requirements. Assist in documenting the results of R&D Product Development or Improvement. Obtain Supplier specifications and food safety information from raw ingredient, packaging and service suppliers for assessment and approval according to the Supplier Approval program. Compile and summarize the data collected by the production operators in a database in order to apply statistical analyses and trending to support production and quality decisions. Perform the selection, preparation and shipment of various product and raw material samples requested. Perform daily sensory analysis 9PE (9-Point-Evaluation) in order to remain "calibrated" with Customers expectations. Compile and trend the sensory results with the corresponding production data in the database to determine correlations. Participate in Quality and Food Safety Committees to present opportunities to improve compliance with specifications. Participate in investigations of nonconformities and customer complaints. Complete assigned annual objectives in a timely manner. Report any suspicious activities to immediate supervisor. Positively interact with all plant employees – promote productive relationships based on credibility and trust Complete other duties as assigned by immediate supervisor Sound knowledge of GMP, HACCP, and GFSI principles and programs Excellent computer skills (e.g. Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Statistical software) Good working knowledge of Statistical Process Control in an industrial environment. Fast learner, able to multi-task, self-motivated, excellent organizational skills, attention to detail and accuracy of information. Good written and verbal communication skills. Preference given to bilingual candidates. Positive attitude and professional approach. Positively interact with all plant employees – promote productive relationships based on credibility and trust Ability to complete tasks with minimal supervision in a timely manner. Ability to work effectively in a team environment Work involves daily exposure to unusual elements such as dirt, dust, fumes, darkness and/or noise. Seasonal exposure to weather elements include, but are not limited to, extreme temperatures, wetness and humidity. Work environment involves daily exposure to physical risks such as working around mechanical equipment, forklifts, chemical hazards, and electrical hazards. Position requires the ability to be on your feet for a long extended part of your day, moving equipment up to 50 pounds; reaching and kneeling on a daily basis. Requires the ability to see, hear and communicate with associates as well as others by utilizing professional etiquette. Personal protective equipment, as defined by C.H. Guenther and Son, will be provided Will demonstrate, promote and exemplify the Company’s Core Values in People, Quality and Growth 
ScrapedJobID248:
R&D, development, and testing of new products, system enhancements, and defects User interface design and API implementation System Design & Review: participate in focus groups, brainstorming session, and customer meetings Development time estimation & production of release note documentation Adhere to technical system & functional business specifications and requirements Provide implementation, configuration, and general conversion support Investigation and resolution of critical system problems and real-time production issues Supporting Business Analysts and Quality Assurance professionals Participate in the recognition of individual success and team achievements to foster commitment and an engaging work environment Provide timely updates to their manager Degree or diploma in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related discipline Good understanding and working knowledge of relational databases (SQL Server, Oracle, or similar systems)•Experience with object-oriented programming (Java, C#, or similar languages) Experience designing and building web-based applications Experience with Windows and UNIX Brokerage or financial industry experience will be considered an asset (not mandatory) Excellent analytical and communications skills Performs routine assignments in the entry level job progression 
ScrapedJobID249:
Malais Exécuter et mettre à jour des scénarios de test. Vérifier la qualité de la traduction, ainsi que l'uniformité et la correction du langage employé pour les produits et jeux conformément aux spécifications fournies . Signaler les erreurs selon les exigences du projet. Effectuer des analyses de produits approfondies dans le cadre de l'expérience de jeu et de test afin de mieux en comprendre le fonctionnement, de recueillir de la rétroaction et de fournir des suggestions d'amélioration. Acquérir une connaissance des méthodologies de test et du marché du jeu vidéo. Partager vos connaissances avec les autres membres de l'équipe de test. Accomplir les tâches administratives assignées par le superviseur. Effectuer d'autres activités nécessaires à l'exécution de travail conformément
aux instructions du superviseur. Suivre les procédures associées à l'emploi. Aptitudes de rédaction et de communication dans l'une des langues cibles Une année d'expérience en localisation ou en localisation de jeux vidéo Bonne connaissance du marché du jeu vidéo et des méthodologies de test, et passion pour ce domaine Capacité à bien communiquer en anglais Études dans le domaine des langues ou de la technologie de préférence Bonne maîtrise du suivi des tests d'assurance qualité, des outils de localisation et de MS Office Excellentes aptitudes en communication Accès et participation à l'un des jeux sur ordinateur les plus populaires au monde. Accès au matériel et aux logiciels utilisés aux fins du projet. Accès aux fichiers du projet et droits d'administrateur. Occasion de travailler avec un chef de file mondial en croissance dans les services liés aux jeux vidéo. Accès aux toutes dernières technologies des jeux vidéo. Possibilité de contribuer à bâtir la meilleure organisation en matière de test au monde. Travail au sein d'une équipe créative et dans un environnement convivial. Perspectives de perfectionnement professionnel dans un environnement multiculturel : Lionbridge compte des bureaux dans plus de 20 pays, et ces bureaux collaborent régulièrement sur des projets, ce qui fait découvrir à nos employés toutes sortes de cultures et de méthodes de travail. Accès à une plateforme de formation. Malay Execution and updates of test cases. Testing product/game translation quality, consistency and language correctness according to given specifications. Reporting bugs in line with project requirements. In-depth product analysis as part of playing and testing for better understanding of its functioning and gathering feedback, providing suggestions for product improvements. Acquiring knowledge on testing methodologies and video game market. Sharing knowledge with other members of testing team. Performing administrative tasks assigned by the supervisor. Performing other activities necessary for the proper conduct of work in accordance with the
supervisor's instructions. Observing procedures related to the job. Have native writing and speaking abilities in one of the target languages Have 1 year of experience in Localization or Game Localization Have good knowledge and passion of video game market and testing methodologies Have communicative English Preferred education - in languages or technology Have good command of test tracking, support tools and MS Office Have excellent communication skills Access/make impact to one of the most played PC games in the world Access to hardware and software used for the purposes of the project Access to project files with administrative rights. Opportunity to work with a fast-growing global leader in Games services. Access to the latest gaming technology Opportunity to help us build the best global testing organization Work in a creative team and friendly environment. Professional development opportunities in a multi-cultural environment- Lionbridge has offices in over 20 countries and many of these offices work collaboratively on projects, exposing our employees to a wide range of cultures and work styles. Access to training platform. 
ScrapedJobID250:
The Quality Assurance Specialist is responsible for the development of test plans, test data and test cases and executing these against the various components. The tester will work with the testing lead and IT lead of each project as well as the project team members in the analysis, design, development, implementation and ongoing support of the required systems. 3+ years of experience in process, planning, organizing and implementing testing efforts. 3+ years of experience in Manual and Automation testing. Experience with Waterfall, Agile and Hybrid testing methodologies & DEVOPS methodologies an asset. Extensive Experience with API call testing and auto-scripting. Experience in tools/methodologies such as Cucumber(Behavioural Driven Development (BDD) Approach) & REST Assured framework(automating API) using Eclipse - for API automation. Experience in UI testing and use of the UFT tool for UI Automation testing. Experience using HPALM. Some understanding of Cloud and Cloud technologies an asset. Experience in Personal Lending, Mortgages, Mortgage Products and Product Pricing. Experience with providing identification and resolution of problems/issues Excellent analytical, problem-solving and decision-making skills. Strong organizational, creativity and perseverance skills. Strong verbal and written communication skills; interpersonal skills. Proven track record for building strong working relationships. Conducts independent analysis and assessment to resolve strategic issues. Supports the execution of strategic initiatives in collaboration with internal and external stakeholders. Monitors and tracks performance, and addresses any issues. Breaks down strategic problems, and analyses data and information to provide insights and recommendations. Leads and implements core initiatives with complete test strategies. Able to develop test automation suites, design frameworks, and define standards. Oversees several test projects simultaneously and provides scheduling support to operations. Ensures that systems and software are functionally appropriate, technically sound and well integrated. Reviews, evaluates, and derives requirements for testability. Designs, develops, executes, and maintains testing strategies and plans to ensure stability and efficiency, enabling a seamless customer experience. Executes and verifies test cases as part of the overall functional testing of Information Technology products as well as reporting defects and test results to the stakeholders. Recommends approaches to streamline and integrate technological processes and systems in the organization to improve overall efficiency and improve the bank. Ensures the accuracy and consistency of test results through documentation processes. Follows BMO’s SDLC process. Communicates the overall quality of a deliverable and ensures metrics are used to drive delivery and identify any areas of concern. Participates in programs/projects across the enterprise. Participates as an active stakeholder in every initiative, driving quality based on fact-based metrics. Ensures development teams’ unit testing practices are in place and confirms core criteria met prior to integrated testing delivery. Proactively provides improvement opportunities to the team to enhance the customer experience. Drives the testing automation capabilities. Identifies opportunities to strengthen the quality assurance capability, such as: sharing expertise to promote technical development, mentoring employees, building communities of practice and networks. Stays abreast of industry technical and business trends through participation in professional associations, practice communities & individual learning. Focus is primarily on business/group within BMO; may have broader, enterprise-wide focus. Exercises judgment to identify, diagnose, and solve problems within given rules. Works independently on a range of complex tasks, which may include unique situations. Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed.
Qualifications: Typically, 2-4 years of work experience in IT or business environment and/or B.S./B.A. in computer science, engineering, information systems, math or business. Knowledge of the SDLC, testing concepts, methodologies, metrics, automated testing frameworks and BMO documentation standards. Understanding of BMO applications and infrastructure components. Problem solving skills including the ability to troubleshoot and identify problem areas throughout testing. Collaborate well with others. Ability to translate technical concepts into easy to understand terms. Able to analyze data and use testing metrics to highlight improvement opportunities. Technical proficiency gained through education and/or business experience. Verbal & written communication skills - In-depth. Collaboration & team skills - In-depth. Analytical and problem solving skills - In-depth. Influence skills - In-depth. Data driven decision making - In-depth. 
ScrapedJobID251:
Expenditure authority initiation up to $50,000 per transaction . Expenditure authority contract performance up to $100,000 per transaction Standing/acting authority for Manager, Financial & Administrative Services (initiation $100,000 and contract performance $250,000) Collection of receivables up to $1 million per annum Auditing of approximately 75 capital contracts with 100 change orders, 300 capital contract payments, 75 O&M contracts, 2,000 O&M contract payments and 12,000 utility payments Supervision of support staff. Knowledge of financial planning and budgetary development concepts, and generally accepted accounting principles; Knowledge of cash flowing, auditing and analysis techniques; The incumbent must possess good analytical skills, and skills in complex computerized accounting application, MS Word, Excel or similar financial management, database management, word processing and spreadsheet software; Work in a high stress multi-tasking environment with tight deadlines; Deal with individuals where there is a high degree of tact and diplomacy required; Work in a cross-cultural environment to deal with a diverse group of clients and staff, agencies and organizations. 
ScrapedJobID252:
Learn a Yardi product inside and out and become a subject matter expert (SME) Evaluate and test new enhancements and fixes to program functions per user requirements, design specifications and established standards Use your high attention to detail and ability to follow processes to create documentation and provide feedback for technical appraisals Collaborate with team members and actively participate in regular meetings to evaluate product change requests Ensure quality computer integrations into overall functions of scientific computation, data acquisition and processing Collaborate with developers and create documentation via internal customer relations management tools and technical reports in support of issue resolution Perform unit testing on defect resolutions to ensure accuracy, integrity, interoperability, and completeness to achieve desired results Update and maintain new test environments with appropriate data Use your strong follow through and track software problems, verify corrections; document, maintain and monitor reports and metrics Work collaboratively in the creation and inspection of quality assurance documents and prepare release documentation for both internal and external presentation Be part of a great team and participate in weekly committee meetings Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or related degree or equivalent experience 2-5 years of software domain experience or quality assurance experience with working knowledge of quality testing tools and systems Proven ability to diagnose, report, track and effectively communicate quality issues for several projects concurrently Awesome written and verbal communication skills Excellent attention to detail and the ability to prioritize effectively Ability to learn and apply new, complex concepts High comfort level troubleshooting and problem-solving issues Flexibility, and the ability to manage changing priorities Great people skills and the ability to thrive in a collaborative environment Knowledge of SQL administration Experience in the property management industry A great place to work with fantastic people Ability to learn new technology and develop professionally Competitive compensation Comprehensive benefits – Medical/dental, paid time off, sick time, paid holidays, 401(k), profit sharing, life insurance, and more! 
ScrapedJobID253:
Conduct design reviews with engineers to make sure the right security features are making it into the products - taking into consideration the domestic, international, and industry security and privacy regulations and frameworks. Participate in and support application security reviews and threat modeling, including: Secure code review. Support the code review process by providing 1-1 guidance, group training, creating documentation as needed, and performing ad hoc secure code review as needed. Dynamic testing, using tools like Burp Suite or mitmproxy for examining app interactions. Design and drive application security vulnerability management across different technologies. You will coordinate with engineering teams to validate findings, prioritize findings/assets, remediate and verify mitigations, and internal reporting for management. Assist with vendor reviews by evaluating new and existing vendors. As well as evaluating tools, libraries, services, and other software for security and privacy issues. Coordinate the creation and maintenance of technical security documentation. Identify areas for internally created and externally provided application security training. Assist in development of automated tooling and processes to support our internal operations. For example, creating audit scripts to help with compliance efforts. Assist with risk assessments and security questionnaires. Practice security assurance by identifying and directing areas to enhance monitoring in order to verify that policy and procedures are adhered to and that controls are operational. Lead Information Security policy creation and maintenance of application and developer focused policies by refactoring security policies and standards to focus on the right controls, using ISO 27001, SOC, OWASP, and NIST frameworks. As a member of the incident response team, assist with the overall lifecycle of an incident, from triaging to lessons learned. Experience commensurate with 5 years of work in an application, product, or security engineering related role. Experience with coding and reading multiple programming languages in the context of web services and secure coding practices. Knowledge of penetration testing techniques and ability to implement them appropriately. Ability to configure, operate, and tune vulnerability scanning tools. Ability to lead threat modeling. Strong knowledge of secure development practices for web applications and services, and capability to train others in them. Front-end and/or back-end development experience. Experience working with static and/or dynamic programming languages. Go and/or Perl experience The primary programming languages at the company are Go, Perl and JavaScript/TypeScript, but we are happy to hear from people with experience in other languages. Ability to develop expertise in Go, Perl and JavaScript/TypeScript,. SQL databases, ideally PostgreSQL. Application security experience in a cloud environment. Dental care Disability insurance Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID254:
Collaborate with Customer Support and Development to determine testing priorities Review and analyze feature specifications to create test cases Execute test cases (manual or automated) and analyze results Document testing phases and results Document bugs and errors and report them to the development team Help Customer Support troubleshoot issues as needed Conduct post-release / post-implementation testing Work with cross-functional teams to ensure quality throughout the software development lifecycle 3+ years experience in a Quality Assurance position BSc in Computer Science, Software Engineering or a related field Programming experience and familiarity with Java, C# and C++ Experience working with highly complex game systems Passion and deep knowledge of video games and geek culture Experience in project management and QA methodology Familiarity with regression testing is a plus Ability to document and troubleshoot errors Ability to learn new tools quickly Excellent communication skills Exceptional attention to detail Ability to take a player / end user perspective Analytical skills and problem-solving aptitude Strong organizational skills Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID255:
Design and develop application test strategies, test plans and test cases based on software requirements and technical specifications for all SOTI’s product offerings. Create, implement, and maintain test coverage for SOTI’s Mobile applications. Work with the team to define the project's testing methodology and manage the test execution for small to large sized projects. Work collaboratively with test teams composed of staff drawn from various IT, business units and 3rd party resource providers. Maintain the facilitator role for the testing team; keep team focus on tasks at hand and clear roadblocks Lead and monitor the testing execution for each sprint (Agile) or testing phase Prioritize testing tasks, scenarios and test cases and track and report on testing activities. Develop automated test using mobile automation tools, UI Automation tools and BDD Offer creative and innovative solutions to complex testing issues. Follow the overall QA process improvements to ensure consistency and standardization across product lines. Work in a collaborative, quality focused role in agile development teams to shape SOTI's product offerings. 1-4 years of experience with application quality assurance team in automated or manual testing Experience in functional testing using manual or automated testing techniques, preferably using exploratory testing methodologies. Hands-on working experience with Windows, Android, and iOS Able to understand the nature and workflow of complex business and technical processes. Strong analytical skills with ability to formulate solutions for complex problems. Experience in a fast-paced project environment, working under Agile or Scrum paradigm Experience in API testing and application security Proficient in JIRA, Azure DevOps and an ability to learn quickly. Hands-on working experience with databases University degree or college diploma in computer science or related discipline 
ScrapedJobID256:
Be part of an agile development team and participate in team planning and story grooming Test application code to find and report defects Define and automate test cases Conduct code reviews and improve the quality of automation code Contribute to decisions in the architecture and design of test frameworks Support the release of new software Learn about our customers, products, systems, methods and tools. Undergraduate degree in Computer Science or related field Proficiency with Javascript (preferably Typescript) An aptitude for problem finding and solving An interest in software quality and in quality assurance and testing as a career Experience with any of the following is an asset: Testing web applications with Cypress or Selenium WebDriver Testing frameworks such as JUnit or Mocha Testing backend systems or APIs with tools such as Postman or REST-assured Performance-testing Web services technology such as REST or JSON Big data technology such as TimescaleDB, MongoDB or AWS Athena Continuous integration systems such as Github Actions, Jenkins or Bamboo 
ScrapedJobID257:
Lead application development for our Notebook Content squad working within our Analytics Lab platform. Work with Research and Quant teams to understand and build tools that provide user value. Listen to user feedback and use that to drive future Analytics Lab platform enhancements. Build well-designed, well-engineered, stable, and scalable products across a variety of markets Follow software design best practices such as continuous integration, test-driven development, and regular deployments. Be passionate about quality, process, programming, and investing in general, seeing opportunities for improvement, seizing them, and then sharing your findings with others. Take ownership of the success of the team with a "gets things done" attitude; the ability to understand and leverage new technologies, potentially wearing many hats including business analyst, UX designer, QA engineer, and project manager. A bachelor's degree in computer science or a related field in software development with more than 7 years of experience. Experience with Python or other similar languages. Experience with pandas, R. Experience with JupyterLabs or other data science tools. Experience with Javascript and frameworks like Vue.js Experience with unit testing concepts and tools. Knowledge of financial data. Knowledge of Morningstar financial data is a plus. Exposure and understanding of DevOps with tools like Jenkins and CloudBees Flow Familiarity with architecting AWS solutions Organized and able to remain productive even when you have multiple deliverables. 
ScrapedJobID258:
Partner closely with product managers, designers, analysts, and other engineers to build innovative solutions Contribute to architectural discussions to improve our tech stack Solution key projects and initiatives while weighing constraints and value Evangelize best practices and come up with new solutions to improve our quality and excellence initiatives Work closely with cross-functional stakeholders to make collaboration better between different teams Deliver high-quality and maintainable code using test-driven methodologies Monitor and maintain critical applications, services, and products BS/MS degree, preferably in a Computer Science or related field 4+ years experience in software development A deep familiarity with JavaScript and server side JavaScript frameworks such as NodeJS Experience with remote data via RESTful APIs and JSON Solid understanding of the full web development life cycle Passion for designing and engineering rich user interfaces. Disciplined approach to testing and quality assurance Hands-on knowledge of version control systems such as GIT Ability to think logically, diagnose/triage, and make decisions Bias towards action, driven to execute and follow through Experience with client side JavaScript frameworks such as React and Angular Experience with Java, Kafka, AMQ, GraphQL, Ruby, AWS Demonstrated ability to adapt to new technologies and learn quickly 
ScrapedJobID259:
Review requirements, specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases Develop Standards and Procedures to Determine Product Quality and Release Readiness Estimate, prioritize, plan and coordinate testing activities Design, develop and execute automation scripts Capable of Using Source Code Repositories Identify, record, document and track bugs Act as an essential player in the liaison with internal teams (e.g. developers and product managers) to identify system requirements Track quality assurance metrics, like defects or issues densities Participate in risk management evaluations and meetings Validate conformity of internal standards Proven expertise with Web-based technologies, IIS, SQL Server, RESTFul Familiar with testing software: Visual Studio, Microsoft Test Manager, QTP and QC Proficient with programming in an OOP language concepts and .NET framework Hands-on experience with automated testing tools Knowledge of SQL and scripting Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process Experience with performance and/or security testing is a plus Experience in LMS (Learning management Systems) like Blackboard, Canvas, Brightspace is a plus C# a plus Drives innovation Outstanding problem solving/troubleshooting skills Attention to detail Creative, self-motivated, with good interpersonal skills Ability to work independently or within a team Ability to work under pressure/deadlines A self-starter that is proactive Analytical thinking Examiner les exigences, les spécifications et les documents techniques de conception pour fournir une rétroaction utile et pertinente Créez des plans de test et des cas de test détaillés, complets et bien structurés Élaborer des normes et des procédures pour déterminer la qualité du produit et la disponibilité des versions Estimer, hiérarchiser, planifier et coordonner les activités de test Concevoir, développer et exécuter des scripts d'automatisation Capable d'utiliser des référentiels de code source Identifier, enregistrer, documenter et suivre les bugs Agir en tant qu'acteur essentiel dans la liaison avec les équipes internes (par exemple, les développeurs et les chefs de produits) pour identifier les exigences système Suivre les mesures d'assurance qualité, telles que les défauts ou les densités de problèmes Participer aux évaluations et aux réunions sur la gestion des risques Valider la conformité des normes internes Expertise avérée des technologies Web, IIS, SQL Server, RESTFul Familier avec les logiciels de test: Visual Studio, Microsoft Test Manager, QTP et QC Maîtrise de la programmation dans les concepts de langage POO et du framework .NET Expérience pratique avec des outils de test automatisés Connaissance de SQL et de script Expérience de travail dans un processus de développement Agile / Scrum Expérience des tests de performance et / ou de sécurité est un atout Expérience dans les systèmes de gestion de l'apprentissage tels que Blackboard, Canvas, Brightspace, un atout C # un plus Stimule l'innovation Compétences exceptionnelles en résolution de problèmes / résolution de problèmes Attention au détail Créatif, motivé, avec de bonnes relations interpersonnelles Capacité à travailler seul ou en équipe Capacité à travailler sous pression / délais Une personne autonome qui est proactive Pensée analytique 
ScrapedJobID260:
Execute Testing Activities - Analyze, define, and translate business and functional requirements, use cases, designs and specifications into test automation requirements. Conduct automated testing activities for small and large projects. Report & Monitor - Report and manage software concerns and test activities throughout the software development lifecycle. Provide status of development and testing and communicate issues. Programming Skills - Develop code and test computer programs for straightforward assignments. Review, analyze, and modify programming systems, including encoding, testing, and debugging. Programming Knowledge – Lead the design and development of specifications and perform code reviews. Test, debug, document, and manage changes to ensure the successful implementation and maintenance of programs. You can demonstrate experience in functional automated testing methodologies, processes and tools. 2+ years experience with Selenium or Parasoft SOATest. 2+ years experience with any of the following HP ALM, Jira, SOAP UI, Parasoft SOATest, scripting languages including Python, Java, or equivalent. Previous experience in a software testing capacity with automation exposure. Able to demonstrate proficiency in object oriented programming languages. Highly accurate and detail-oriented. Strong problem solving and analytical skills , understanding complex topics. Ability to work independently or within a team. Keeps abreast of current technology trends. Experience working with databases and exposure to testing complex User Interfaces and User Experience journeys via user interfaces. It’s an asset if you have experience with process engineering and improvement related items, or any data science or machine learning related exposure and expertise. Must be comfortable working with SQL and accessing Databases. You understand that success is in the details . You notice things that others don't. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making. You're digitally savvy. You seek out innovative solutions and embrace evolving technologies. You can easily adapt to new tools and trends. You give meaning to data. You enjoy investigating complex problems, and making sense of information. You're confident in your ability to communicate detailed information in an impactful way. Values matter to you . You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. We work to recognize you in meaningful, personalized ways including a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, a health benefits program, defined benefit pension plan, an employee share purchase plan and MomentMakers, our social, points-based recognition program. Our spaces and technological toolkit will make it simple to bring together great minds to create innovative solutions that make a difference for our clients. We cultivate a culture where you can express your ambition through initiatives like Purpose Day; a paid day off dedicated for you to use to invest in your growth and development. CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID261:
Hongrois Exécuter et mettre à jour des scénarios de test. Vérifier la qualité de la traduction, ainsi que l'uniformité et la correction du langage employé pour les produits et jeux conformément aux spécifications fournies . Signaler les erreurs selon les exigences du projet. Effectuer des analyses de produits approfondies dans le cadre de l'expérience de jeu et de test afin de mieux en comprendre le fonctionnement, de recueillir de la rétroaction et de fournir des suggestions d'amélioration. Acquérir une connaissance des méthodologies de test et du marché du jeu vidéo. Partager vos connaissances avec les autres membres de l'équipe de test. Accomplir les tâches administratives assignées par le superviseur. Effectuer d'autres activités nécessaires à l'exécution de travail conformément
aux instructions du superviseur. Suivre les procédures associées à l'emploi. Aptitudes de rédaction et de communication dans l'une des langues cibles Une année d'expérience en localisation ou en localisation de jeux vidéo Bonne connaissance du marché du jeu vidéo et des méthodologies de test, et passion pour ce domaine Capacité à bien communiquer en anglais Études dans le domaine des langues ou de la technologie de préférence Bonne maîtrise du suivi des tests d'assurance qualité, des outils de localisation et de MS Office Excellentes aptitudes en communication Accès et participation à l'un des jeux sur ordinateur les plus populaires au monde. Accès au matériel et aux logiciels utilisés aux fins du projet. Accès aux fichiers du projet et droits d'administrateur. Occasion de travailler avec un chef de file mondial en croissance dans les services liés aux jeux vidéo. Accès aux toutes dernières technologies des jeux vidéo. Possibilité de contribuer à bâtir la meilleure organisation en matière de test au monde. Travail au sein d'une équipe créative et dans un environnement convivial. Perspectives de perfectionnement professionnel dans un environnement multiculturel : Lionbridge compte des bureaux dans plus de 20 pays, et ces bureaux collaborent régulièrement sur des projets, ce qui fait découvrir à nos employés toutes sortes de cultures et de méthodes de travail. Accès à une plateforme de formation. Hungarian Execution and updates of test cases. Testing product/game translation quality, consistency and language correctness according to given specifications. Reporting bugs in line with project requirements. In-depth product analysis as part of playing and testing for better understanding of its functioning and gathering feedback, providing suggestions for product improvements. Acquiring knowledge on testing methodologies and video game market. Sharing knowledge with other members of testing team. Performing administrative tasks assigned by the supervisor. Performing other activities necessary for the proper conduct of work in accordance with the
supervisor's instructions. Observing procedures related to the job. Have native writing and speaking abilities in one of the target languages Have 1 year of experience in Localization or Game Localization Have good knowledge and passion of video game market and testing methodologies Have communicative English Preferred education - in languages or technology Have good command of test tracking, support tools and MS Office Have excellent communication skills Access/make impact to one of the most played PC games in the world Access to hardware and software used for the purposes of the project Access to project files with administrative rights. Opportunity to work with a fast-growing global leader in Games services. Access to the latest gaming technology Opportunity to help us build the best global testing organization Work in a creative team and friendly environment. Professional development opportunities in a multi-cultural environment- Lionbridge has offices in over 20 countries and many of these offices work collaboratively on projects, exposing our employees to a wide range of cultures and work styles. Access to training platform. 
ScrapedJobID262:
Creating and documenting test cases and scripts from various project deliverables and inputs, including specified functional and non-functional requirements, business stakeholder input and design specifications, to ensure appropriate test coverage and to estimate testing effort Planning and executing manual and technical test strategies in accordance with test standards, guidelines, plans and cases Performing functional, regression and other types of testing activities for planned software releases, feature enhancements, hotfixes and/or data changes Conducting thorough system and integration testing on assigned work, escalating issues to Quality Assurance Lead and Product Owner if concerned about project quality or overall project health Documenting defects uncovered and reporting findings to the development team using Team Foundation Server (TFS) Participating in requirements/user story reviews and code walk-throughs to analyze and design appropriate test cases and project risk Suggesting ways to improve the general usability of the application Working independently and raising issues/concerns as needed Where possible, identifying potential automation opportunities and collaborating with other Quality Assurance Analysts to develop automated tools to help promote improvements and efficiencies A University Degree or College Diploma in an applicable field Strong communication and documentation skills and attention to detail The ability to categorize and prioritize defects and coverage to balance completion time and quality risk The ability to learn and understand project functional requirements and logic Knowledge of various formal testing methodologies including scripting Familiar with automation and work to enhance test automation capability through scripting and other software tools The ability to both plan and conduct tests to ensure quality of work items Strong time management skills in order to meet respective deadlines 3+ years experience in software Quality Assurance testing or equivalent experience Flexible work schedule Experience in agile and waterfall testing environments Experience using automated testing tools an asset, such as TestComplete, SoapUI, ReadyAPI and/or Selenium Apium Location: Winnipeg, Manitoba 
ScrapedJobID263:
or equivalent experience Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Networking hardware Networking security Servers Security software Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Organized Remote work available Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits RRSP Benefits Other Benefits RESP Benefits 
ScrapedJobID264:
Testing Expertise – Lead the analysis and translation of business requirements into test cases. Design and manage end-to-end testing activities for various projects across the business. Use your expertise in software development testing to provide clients with quality products that meet business and system requirements. Project Coordination – Identify obstacles or risks that may impact a project’s timeline or success and provide regular status updates to the business. Keep the lines of communication open with stakeholders, and escalate issues when necessary. Ensure that all test deliverables are received, approved, and aligned to your project’s timeline, budget and objectives. Leadership Skills – Provide advice to your team, including ongoing feedback and support. Proactively identify any potential issues throughout all test phases, and suggest possible improvements or enhancements. You can demonstrate experience in CETM, software development testing, automation, and process improvement principles. 5+ years of hands-on experience in a manual/automation testing lead position, as well as a pulse on innovative technology. You have experience in testing tools like Microfocus ALM, UFT/Selenium as well as writing and executing test cases. It’s also an asset if you have prior experience delivering projects using Agile/Scrum methodologies You embrace and champion change. You'll continuously evolve your thinking and the way you work in order to deliver your best. You give meaning to data. You enjoy investigating complex problems, and making sense of information. You're confident in your ability to communicate detailed information in an impactful way. You're driven by collective success. You know that collaboration can transform a good idea into a great one. You understand the power of an inclusive team that enjoys working together to create a shared vision. Your influence makes an impact. You know that relationships and networks are essential to success. You inspire outcomes by making yourself heard. Values matter to you . You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. Thrive : Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home Connect : Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity Develop : Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, and individual development planning. Prosper : Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID265:
Conduct testing during all stages of product development, including integration, regression, verification and validation. Design, develop and maintain test cases to test targeted areas of product functionality based on product, development, infrastructure, business and user requirements. Execute test cases covering the entire system: software, hardware, and mobile and web interfaces. Identify missed requirements as early as possible by considering technical and user requirements during test design and execution. Design and execute automated and performance-based tests at various levels of the system. Document all defects in the defect tracking system, ensuring accurate and complete reporting of all details required to reproduce the defect and determine the impact on the user and the business. Actively participate in root cause analysis of defects, including investigative testing. Analyze test data to identify problematic components and user workflows. Proactively report test progress, results and status, escalating any issues that impact the test or project plans. Troubleshoot system and environment problems, identify root causes, and propose solutions. Comply with all legal requirements, corporate policies, health and safety guidelines, and basic ethical practices. Other duties as required by Management. 3 years of experience in a Quality Assurance testing role. System, hardware and software testing experience preferred. Proven, solid track-record with manual testing. Test tools - Microsoft Team Foundation Server, Microsoft Test Manager. Programming Languages - C# and SQL Server. Operating Systems – Windows 8, Windows 10, Server 2012. Bachelor’s degree/diploma in Computer Science or related field. ISTQB Level – 2 Certification is an asset. Understanding of both front-end and back-end web technologies (HTTP, AJAX, XML, JSON and CSS) is an asset. Test automation (C# Coded UI Tests, Selenium) is an asset. Actively participate in Agile methodologies: scrum, sprint planning and retrospective meetings. Partners closely with other departments to provide investigative testing, documentation review and knowledge transfer: Software and Hardware Engineering, Product, Documentation, Infrastructure and Technical Support. Participate in product definition and design reviews to provide input and recommendations on requirements, including functional specifications, product design, feature descriptions, epics, user stories and use cases. Also use this information to assist in test planning, defining Schedules and identifies potential problems regarding testability. Free exchange of ideas for improvement within and between teams. Must be able to prioritize and multitask in a fast-paced environment. Must be able to work effectively with minimal supervision and adapt quickly and efficiently to changing product and business requirements. Strong interpersonal skills. Must be able to work as a team player. Very strong communication skills (both written and oral). Must be able to efficiently and effectively communicate complex and detailed technical information to a wide audience. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. 
ScrapedJobID266:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent combination of technical education and experience 3+ years of professional quality assurance and testing experience Fluency in SQA methodology and tools Hands-on experience with test planning, test designing and execution, performance and stress testing, implementing and maintaining high quality test automation of both client and server systems Experience building and designing test cases including knowledge of test methodologies Experience with API automation testing including unit test frameworks Work with Product & Development teams to design and implement test strategies to deliver a quality consumer software product. Implement test automation while driving processes to reduce manual test coverage. Define quality metrics and implement measurements to determine test effectiveness, testing efficiency, and the overall quality of the software. Ensure our products meet high standards of quality, performance, security and reliability. Help tackle cross-platform engineering challenges and contribute creative ideas to the Amazon Kids quality engineering team. Strong leadership, communication, and problem solving skills Knowledge of industry standard test automation tools and experience developing product test harnesses Experience with open source tools and resources Master's degree 
ScrapedJobID267:
Conducts diagnostic and/or method improvement analytical procedures on a wide range of samples using established procedures and methodologies. Reviews, compiles, interprets analytical data and test results based on set, recognized standards and reports results to Supervisor. Provides laboratory support functions related to sample reception, sample and reagent preparation, reagents and other supplies inventories, decontamination, glassware and laboratory clean-up. Maintains records of samples, observations, measurements, tests conducted and processes followed and participates in writing and editing standard operating procedures (SOPs) according to the quality assurance (QA) system of the laboratory. Collects, distinguishes, prepares and stores media, field and/or laboratory samples and specimens for analytical activities, reference collections, field plots and/or proficiency panels. Adherence to the CFIA Code of Conduct. Adherence to the CFIA Conflict of Interest and Post-Employment Policy. Compliance with the Values and Ethics Code for the Public Sector. Legal status to accept employment for the entire period of employment. 
ScrapedJobID268:
Portugais (Portugal) Exécuter et mettre à jour des scénarios de test. Vérifier la qualité de la traduction, ainsi que l'uniformité et la correction du langage employé pour les produits et jeux conformément aux spécifications fournies . Signaler les erreurs selon les exigences du projet. Effectuer des analyses de produits approfondies dans le cadre de l'expérience de jeu et de test afin de mieux en comprendre le fonctionnement, de recueillir de la rétroaction et de fournir des suggestions d'amélioration. Acquérir une connaissance des méthodologies de test et du marché du jeu vidéo. Partager vos connaissances avec les autres membres de l'équipe de test. Accomplir les tâches administratives assignées par le superviseur. Effectuer d'autres activités nécessaires à l'exécution de travail conformément
aux instructions du superviseur. Suivre les procédures associées à l'emploi. Aptitudes de rédaction et de communication dans l'une des langues cibles Une année d'expérience en localisation ou en localisation de jeux vidéo Bonne connaissance du marché du jeu vidéo et des méthodologies de test, et passion pour ce domaine Capacité à bien communiquer en anglais Études dans le domaine des langues ou de la technologie de préférence Bonne maîtrise du suivi des tests d'assurance qualité, des outils de localisation et de MS Office Excellentes aptitudes en communication Accès et participation à l'un des jeux sur ordinateur les plus populaires au monde. Accès au matériel et aux logiciels utilisés aux fins du projet. Accès aux fichiers du projet et droits d'administrateur. Occasion de travailler avec un chef de file mondial en croissance dans les services liés aux jeux vidéo. Accès aux toutes dernières technologies des jeux vidéo. Possibilité de contribuer à bâtir la meilleure organisation en matière de test au monde. Travail au sein d'une équipe créative et dans un environnement convivial. Perspectives de perfectionnement professionnel dans un environnement multiculturel : Lionbridge compte des bureaux dans plus de 20 pays, et ces bureaux collaborent régulièrement sur des projets, ce qui fait découvrir à nos employés toutes sortes de cultures et de méthodes de travail. Accès à une plateforme de formation. Portuguese Execution and updates of test cases. Testing product/game translation quality, consistency and language correctness according to given specifications. Reporting bugs in line with project requirements. In-depth product analysis as part of playing and testing for better understanding of its functioning and gathering feedback, providing suggestions for product improvements. Acquiring knowledge on testing methodologies and video game market. Sharing knowledge with other members of testing team. Performing administrative tasks assigned by the supervisor. Performing other activities necessary for the proper conduct of work in accordance with the
supervisor's instructions. Observing procedures related to the job. Have native writing and speaking abilities in one of the target languages Have 1 year of experience in Localization or Game Localization Have good knowledge and passion of video game market and testing methodologies Have communicative English Preferred education - in languages or technology Have good command of test tracking, support tools and MS Office Have excellent communication skills Access/make impact to one of the most played PC games in the world Access to hardware and software used for the purposes of the project Access to project files with administrative rights. Opportunity to work with a fast-growing global leader in Games services. Access to the latest gaming technology Opportunity to help us build the best global testing organization Work in a creative team and friendly environment. Professional development opportunities in a multi-cultural environment- Lionbridge has offices in over 20 countries and many of these offices work collaboratively on projects, exposing our employees to a wide range of cultures and work styles. Access to training platform. 
ScrapedJobID269:
Strong knowledge in an OOPs based programming language like Java/Javascript. Strong knowledge on developer tools like Chrome Dev/Firebug. Strong knowledge on modern AFT tools like Selenium Web Driver/Cypress etc. Strong knowledge on Test infrastructure orchestration like Selenium Grid in a remote execution capacity. Strong knowledge on deployment practices into Production environments and Jenkins pipelines in including Jenkins DSL to create and modify pipelines. Knowledge on HTML5 and CSS and modern web development technologies. You understand the importance of not only testing but also reporting, especially in the context of CI/CD tooling. You have experience with source code systems like Bitbucket or equivalent. Participate in daily cross-functional SCRUMs for projects running concurrently. Produce status reports, prioritize bugs, and contribute to Sprint planning sessions. Familiarity on how web applications are deployed in the context of cloud environments and container-based technologies like docker. 5+ years of experience in developing/scripting automated functional tests in Java. Expertise in automating complex head less applications and web applications using complex frameworks. Basic knowledge of UNIX commands and debugging skills across remote execution. Develop, document and maintain functional test cases and other test artifacts like the test data, data validation, harness scripts and automated scripts. Familiarity with software configuration management, release management and database manipulation like git, bitbucket, Jenkins etc. Strong knowledge on modern cloud-based development practices in AWS/GCP and container native technologies like docker. Highly proficient in English with excellent oral and written communication skills. Ability to deliver and manage deadlines in an agile development environment. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science (or similar). 
ScrapedJobID270:
Perform daily verification of the company’s Food Safety & Quality Programs, Policies, Standardized Operations Procedures (SOPs), and Standard Sanitation Operation Procedures (SSOPs), to ensure product quality and food safety results that meet company and customer specifications, and government regulations. Report directly to the QA Supervisor (or Director of QA in his/her absence) on daily production floor monitoring issues/problems and special projects that will improve existing process and procedures Maintain, update, monitor, and report compliance to the company’s Food Safety Prerequisite programs (Premises Conditions, Transportation, Receiving & Storage, Equipment Performance and Maintenance, Personnel Training, Sanitation & Pest Control, Health & Safety, Recall Plan, Allergen Management, Chemical Control, Supplier Approval etc.) Monitor HACCP documentation and procedures, Sanitation frequencies and Pest Control for compliance. Perform annual gap analysis of the HACCP Based Food Safety & Quality System and participate in HACCP audits and HACCP Team meetings. Participate in internal and 3rd party food safety audits (e.g. SQF certification, HACCP, Customer, CFIA, City and Provincial Health Department audits) and provide recommendations for effective continuous improvement. Conduct environmental microbial monitoring (swabs/air plates) to ensure a suitable safe food production environment. Assist in training and monitoring of personnel to ensure employees follow good manufacturing practices and comply with Food Safety requirements. Assist in documenting the results of R&D Product Development or Improvement. Obtain Supplier specifications and food safety information from raw ingredient, packaging and service suppliers for assessment and approval according to the Supplier Approval program. Compile and summarize the data collected by the production operators in a database in order to apply statistical analyses and trending to support production and quality decisions. Perform the selection, preparation and shipment of various product and raw material samples requested. Perform daily sensory analysis 9PE (9-Point-Evaluation) in order to remain "calibrated" with Customers expectations. Compile and trend the sensory results with the corresponding production data in the database to determine correlations. Participate in Quality and Food Safety Committees to present opportunities to improve compliance with specifications. Participate in investigations of nonconformities and customer complaints. Complete assigned annual objectives in a timely manner. Report any suspicious activities to immediate supervisor. Positively interact with all plant employees – promote productive relationships based on credibility and trust Complete other duties as assigned by immediate supervisor Sound knowledge of GMP, HACCP, and GFSI principles and programs Excellent computer skills (e.g. Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Statistical software) Good working knowledge of Statistical Process Control in an industrial environment. Fast learner, able to multi-task, self-motivated, excellent organizational skills, attention to detail and accuracy of information. Good written and verbal communication skills. Preference given to bilingual candidates. Positive attitude and professional approach. Positively interact with all plant employees – promote productive relationships based on credibility and trust Ability to complete tasks with minimal supervision in a timely manner. Ability to work effectively in a team environment Work involves daily exposure to unusual elements such as dirt, dust, fumes, darkness and/or noise. Seasonal exposure to weather elements include, but are not limited to, extreme temperatures, wetness and humidity. Work environment involves daily exposure to physical risks such as working around mechanical equipment, forklifts, chemical hazards, and electrical hazards. Position requires the ability to be on your feet for a long extended part of your day, moving equipment up to 50 pounds; reaching and kneeling on a daily basis. Requires the ability to see, hear and communicate with associates as well as others by utilizing professional etiquette. Personal protective equipment, as defined by C.H. Guenther and Son, will be provided Will demonstrate, promote and exemplify the Company’s Core Values in People, Quality and Growth 
ScrapedJobID271:
You have a “CAN DO” attitude. You are an out-of-the box thinker. You THRIVE at solving problems and enjoy a good challenge. Team Player with EXCELLENT interpersonal and communication skills (written and verbal). Strong work ethic with a POSITIVE attitude and a PASSION for Quality Assurance. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Excellent time management skills. Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook). 3-5 years of software testing experience, ideally with cloud-based SaaS solutions. Strong automated test development experience with Cypress, TestCafe or other Automation software. Ability to create, update and review test documentation. Strong analytical skills and attention to detail. Experience with frontend (web, iOS, and Android), backend and API testing and related test tools. Ability to create tests, plan and coordinate load and system integration tests. Interest and ability to learn new tools. Bachelor of Science Degree or higher education (Computer Science or related field is an asset). Candidates must undergo a criminal records check upon hire; Be a Canadian Citizen (dual citizens included), or eligible to work in Canada; Be willing to comply with Solink’s own security policies and standards. Proactively drive all testing activities. Collaborate closely with other Team and cross-functional departments. Plan, estimate, prepare and execute Test Cases and Test Scripts to ensure the quality deliverables. Write and maintain automated tests to support regression and health check testing. Identify test requirements from specifications, map test case requirements and design test coverage plan. Backend database testing in different environments. Execute and evaluate manual or automated test cases and report test results. Ensure that validated deliverables meet functional and design specifications and requirements. Isolate, replicate, and report defects and verify defect fixes. Manage QA risks and mitigation plans. Become an expert user of our SaaS platform, from the perspectives of customer end-users (using web, iOS, and Android applications), installers (using on-premise device interfaces) and platform administrators (using our web management application). Design, document, and execute new feature and regression test plans and cases. Participate with the development team and product management to understand upcoming new features and create new test cases. Design and perform brain engaged testing, thinking out of the box, doing the unpredictable. Continuously improve processes. Flexibility in your chosen hours of work by helping you get "stuff" done (encourages that work life balance); Opportunities for growth based on merit, skill, and initiative; Friendly, welcoming and team-oriented atmosphere that fosters collaboration; Creative and innovative environment that mentors, supports, motivates and inspires you to make an impact; Interesting and exciting assignments ranging in size, type and complexity; An “open-door” policy where communication and brainstorming is encouraged; A really positive and fun environment working with an incredibly ENERGETIC team; Competitive salary reviewed annually; Fully paid Health / dental benefits offered immediately (an additional $500 spending account for items that aren’t covered in our AMAZING benefits program); Monthly reimbursement toward a health and wellness; Extracurricular SOLINKIAN social events (annual “solink-o de mayo”, so-learns, sports teams, so-lunches, team builders, and much more) Please note: While we are currently operating remotely during the pandemic, in future, we may require work from the office. 
ScrapedJobID272:
Create effective testing plans, test cases and strategies tailored according to project need, risks, and quality objectives Test functional and technical features, and maintain test documentation Prepare and configure test infrastructure and automation frameworks Manage QA planning for multiple parallel work streams and timelines Execute application functional and integration testing Provide testing progress reports and provide analysis and metrics on the QA development effort, Traceability matrix Prepare and facilitate test kick off meetings, test status meetings and defect triage meetings Create and uphold high quality test cases and test data sets for product lifecycle management Understand project requirements, write and execute test plans, scripts and scenarios as required Engage with developers, project managers to ensure that issues are identified, logged and resolved Support the creation of a test infrastructure that assists robust communication and a cost-effective testing framework Interpret test results, and drive test execution Understand and contribute to identifying inter-dependencies of the system changes and provide appropriate risk analysis of the impact to quality and testing effort Experience with a testing tool (e.g. HP ALM) Familiarity with data networks, firewalls, remote access systems Deep knowledge of relational database structure and usage Familiarity with SDLC and Agile In-depth understanding of software development and testing methodologies (white box and black box testing, regression testing, load/stress testing, performance, using manual and automated testing techniques, Waterfall testing, Agile testing) Knowledge of data structure and database reporting techniques (SQL and relational databases) Must be legally entitled to work in Canada Minimum 5 years of Technical Testing experience Diploma or Bachelor Degree in Computer Science or related area of study Experience developing test plans, test cases and test scripts Understanding of cBliss, AORA, Smart Plant Instrumentation, NetDAHS, PI, associated integrations 
ScrapedJobID273:
Fosters a culture aligned to BMO purpose, values and strategy and role models BMO values and behaviours in all that they do. Ensures alignment between values and behaviour that fosters diversity and inclusion. Regularly connects work to BMO's purpose, sets inspirational goals, defines clear expected outcomes, and ensures clear accountability for follow through. Builds interdependent teams that collaborate across functional and operating groups to create the highest value for all stakeholders. Attracts, retains, and enables the career development of top talent. Improves team performance, recognizes and rewards performance, coaches employees, supports their development, and manages poor performance. Provides strategic input into business decisions as a trusted advisor. Provides guidance on reviewing, evaluating and driving requirements for testability to ensure review processes are adhered to. Recommends and implements solutions based on analysis of issues and implications for the business. Identifies emerging issues and trends to inform decision-making. Leads initiatives. Able to coordinate resources and manage problems to resolution when necessary. Conducts independent analysis and assessment to resolve strategic issues. Acts as the prime subject matter expert for internal/external stakeholders. Monitors and tracks performance, and addresses any issues. Breaks down strategic problems, and analyses data and information to provide insights and recommendations. Leads the execution of operational programs; assesses and adapts as needed to ensure quality of execution. Manages and leads the development and implementation of complete test strategies. Designs and supports the implementation of best-in-class testing strategies for complex solutions, across multiple platforms and businesses/groups. Performs analysis of test results and prepares comprehensive subsystem and/or system level evaluation reports which verify and validate system performance. Creates discrepancy reports and performs integration regression testing to verify/validate incorporated fixes to software, components, subsystems and systems. Reviews, evaluates, and derives requirements for testability. Designs, develops, executes, and maintains testing strategies and plans to ensure stability and efficiency, enabling a seamless customer experience. Executes and verifies test cases as part of the overall functional testing of Information Technology products as well as reporting defects and test results to the stakeholders. Recommends approaches to streamline and integrate technological processes and systems in the organization to improve overall efficiency and improve the bank. Ensures the accuracy and consistency of test results through documentation processes. Follows BMO’s SDLC process. Communicates the overall quality of a deliverable and ensures metrics are used to drive delivery and identify any areas of concern. Participates in programs/projects across the enterprise. Participates as an active stakeholder in every initiative, driving quality based on fact-based metrics. Ensures development teams’ unit testing practices are in place and confirms core criteria met prior to integrated testing delivery. Proactively provides improvement opportunities to the team to enhance the customer experience. Drives the testing automation capabilities. Identifies opportunities to strengthen the quality assurance capability, such as: sharing expertise to promote technical development, mentoring employees, building communities of practice and networks. Stays abreast of industry technical and business trends through participation in professional associations, practice communities & individual learning. Operates at a group/enterprise-wide level and serves as a specialist resource to senior leaders and stakeholders. Applies expertise and thinks creatively to address unique or ambiguous situations and to find solutions to problems that can be complex and non-routine. Implements changes in response to shifting trends. Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed.
Qualifications: Typically, 7-10 years of work experience in IT or business environment and/or BS/BA or MBA/MS in computer science, engineering, information systems, math or business. Knowledge of the SDLC, testing concepts, methodologies, metrics, automated testing frameworks and BMO documentation standards. Understanding of BMO applications and infrastructure components. Problem solving skills including the ability to troubleshoot and identify problem areas throughout testing. Collaborate well with others. Ability to translate technical concepts into easy to understand terms. Able to analyze data and use testing metrics to highlight improvement opportunities. Seasoned professional with a combination of education, experience and industry knowledge. Verbal & written communication skills - In-depth / Expert. Analytical and problem solving skills - In-depth / Expert. Influence skills - In-depth / Expert. Collaboration & team skills; with a focus on cross-group collaboration - In-depth / Expert. Able to manage ambiguity. Data driven decision making - In-depth / Expert. 
ScrapedJobID274:
Provide high quality consultancy services to the rail industry in the fields of system engineering and safety assurance. Manage requirements using industry standard software such as IBM DOORS. Assess safety and create risk assessments, hazard analysis and hazard logs. Deliver assurance, certification and safety activities, supporting rail businesses, governments and organizations. Conduct and review of RAMS analyses such as FMECA, Fault Tree Analysis, Reliability Block Diagrams. Contribute to developing strategies to grow the systems engineering and safety assurance service offering. Support and delivery of systems engineering processes and activities such as verification & validation and configuration management. Interact with design technical leads and learn how the entire railway works as a complete system. Essential – University degree in engineering or science. Essential – Eligibility for registration as an EIT with the local engineering jurisdiction: EGBC, APEGA, PEO, OIQ, etc. Essential – Computer competency and familiarity. Essential – Excellent communication skills in English and/or French (spoken and written). Essential – Experience distilling and presenting technical information to audience. Essential – Strong work ethic and eagerness to learn. Essential – Team mentality and ability to collaborate. Essential – Demonstrated ability to organize, track and deliver against competing priorities. Must be willing to travel to project sites. Must be willing to travel to vendor locations. Must be able to work away from home for periods of time. 
ScrapedJobID275:
Identifying test requirements, mapping and creating test cases, designing test coverage plans and assembling documentation. Maintaining high standards of software quality with good practices and habits. Identifying and troubleshooting errors that occur within the test suites of our products. Collaborating with other Quality Assurance Analysts and Developers as well as interacting with other teams and stakeholders while contributing to the productivity and success of the team. Minimum of 3+ years of quality assurance experience, manual and or automated testing, including working on a web development team, interpreting specifications, and testing application components. Degree or diploma in Computer Science, Software or Computer Engineering, or a related field. Must be eligible to work in Canada. Must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance as a condition of employment; this includes having lived in Canada for at least the past five years. Attention to detail in your oral and written communications and the ability to write for a technical audience. Robust analytical and problem-solving skills. Ability to manage multiple priorities and consistently produce results within timelines. Ability to develop and maintain positive working relationships team members and others. Knowledge of software development life cycle and object-oriented development methodologies, including design principles, techniques and tools. Experience with current industry-standard automated testing technologies and development tools. Experience with Katalon Studio. Certified, or be working towards attaining ISTQB Certified Tester Foundation Level (CTFL), or ISTQB Certified Tester Advanced Level (CTAL), or equivalent. Familiarity with pension administration or financial system software. An understanding of website UI and UX best practices. An understanding of web usability and accessibility standards. SQL Java, JavaScript, or Groovy scripting Databases: Oracle, PostgreSQL Issue management tools: Atlassian JIRA Test Case Management: SmartBear Zephyr Software version control: Atlassian Bitbucket Collaboration tools: Atlassian Confluence, Microsoft 365, Microsoft Teams Our Victoria office is located at the VI Tech Park, which includes a gym, a disc golf course, easy dining-out options, a bike locker, and lots of walking trails. Our Winnipeg office is located downtown in the middle of the Sports, Hospitality and Entertainment District, one block from the Winnipeg Jets’ arena. Flexible work location (home or office). Flexible work hours. Casual dress. A company that’s committed to a work-life balance. Friendly, easy-to-get-along-with team where open dialog and knowledge-sharing is encouraged and promoted. Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Have you lived in Canada for at least five years? Bachelor's Degree (preferred) quality assurance: 3 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID276:
Perform basic software development in a variety of programming languages and environments (e.g. C#, JavaScript, SQL) Understand the performance impact of the code, API use, and scalability Analyze call stacks, trace files, and performance data to troubleshoot and identify root cause of bugs Perform quality assurance analysis by performing peer review, ensuring coding standards are followed, looking for logic errors, and other bugs. 1+ years of experience in a development role using JavaScript is required 1+ years experience using C# and .NET and experience with object design, unit testing, optimization, and multithreading programming Strong understanding of JavaScript and TypeScript and their paradigms, quirks and workarounds Must know ES6 and its features, including destructing, arrow functions, and module loaders Good understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates and AJAX Familiarity with SQL Server and/or Postgres Familiarity with Git, and SASS/LESS/BEMStrong communication, organization and time management skills, as well as a willingness to learn 
ScrapedJobID277:
Be a champion for continuous quality improvements and user experiences. Collaborate with the business/operations, project managers, and development teams by participating in requirement and solution design discussions and meetings of projects or software releases. Create Test Strategy and take ownership of user acceptance testing on projects assigned Create Test Plan and Production-like Test Cases based on the Business Requirement Documents and Solution Design Document as well as provide test plan review or walk-through when required. Execute the test cases and document the test results. Manage, triage, and prioritize defects and liaise the development or infrastructure team for seek appropriate resolution During UAT phase, provide daily or weekly reports on testing progress and defect status to manager and applicable stakeholders. Raise concerns to the manager and applicable stakeholders as soon a risk is identified that may jeopardize the solution’s quality, delivery, or business operations: such as sliding target UAT end date or defect deferral and be proactive by including mitigation options. Assisting Client Acceptance Testing or joint testing with Accerta’s clients, when required. Provide content for application release notes and/or user guides Sanity test following a deployment in the Production environment. Provide feedback on issues/risks and opportunities for testing or business processes’ continuous improvements. Other duties as assigned to support the team and Operations. 5 years of experience in software quality assurance, in healthcare or claim adjudication industry would be an asset Minimum of a University degree with studies in Computer Science or equivalent training or job experience in software quality assurance Strong knowledge in Office suite with a focus on MS Excel, Word, and Visio. Knowledge of database queries such as SQL Experience testing or working with Power BI, SSRS, Dynamics CRM, web application, and Postman Understanding or general proficiency in French is an asset Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Excellent oral and written communication skills Great attention to detail A permanent position with a competitive salary package and easily accessible downtown location. A competitive benefit package that includes a DB Pension Plan and Health Care Expense Account (HCEA). Opportunities to increase your earnings through performance-based incentive programs. Growth opportunities in a company that promotes from within. Time off to volunteer within our community Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) software quality assurance in the healthcare industry: 5 years (preferred) Quality Assurance: 3 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID278:
Participate as an independent reviewer on cross-functional teams to review and approve design control documentation, including software design and development plans and related design inputs and design outputs, with emphasis on quality by design Participate in Discrepancy Report Review Board to ensure that product defects are reviewed and handled in a prompt, consistent and compliant manner Work with process owners to identify the need for corrective or preventive action (CAPA) and create, implement and/or audit effectiveness of CAPA plans Review and follow-up on design control process-related audit non-conformances, CAPAs and customer complaints/field problems, to establish a closed-loop system Work with cross functional team to update or implement updates in processes, procedures, instructions and templates related to design controls Collaborate with SQE and Validation, as required, in the creation and approval of verification and validation plans, test specifications and reports Liaise between departments, teams, managers or vendors to ensure that requirements are met Review/Audit Design History Files for conformance to requirements Perform audits as part of the internal audit schedule, as required/assigned Support vendor qualification activities for third party software components or services Support third party compliance audits BSc in a relevant field (such as Engineering, Computer Science, Sciences) and 3+ years of experience in a Software Engineering function, or Quality Assurance function, preferably with products operating on a cloud platform Excellent technical writing and oral communication skills Ability to plan, organize, and implement concurrent tasks and projects Excellent organizational, problem-solving, and analytical skills Experience working in a cross-functional team environment Ability to influence and interact with cross-functional team members Ability to manage priorities in a fast-paced environment Proficiency utilizing business tools such as e-mail, Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint, and other productivity software. Understanding of and/or experience auditing to standards or regulations such as ISO 9001, ISO 13485, ISO 14971, IEC 62304, the FDA Quality System Regulation, EU MDR and/or Canadian Medical Device Regulation Experience in Software Development, preferably with cloud computing and/or in the medical device or an otherwise regulated industry Experience with cybersecurity standards or requirements Experience participating in ISO or regulatory audits Experience in Risk Management, FTA, FMEA Experience in supplier qualification or Computer System Validation ISO 13485 (Lead) Auditor certification, ASQ CQE, CQA and/or CSQE certification 
ScrapedJobID279:
or equivalent experience Microsoft Visio Consulting firm Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Relocation costs covered by employer Spreadsheet MS Windows Internet Mail server software Project management software Software development Mapping and data visualization software MS Office Enterprise Applications Integration (EAI) Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits Vision Care Benefits 
ScrapedJobID280:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Work under pressure Attention to detail Team player Organized 
ScrapedJobID281:
Please note this position is not eligible for a relocation subsidy or living out allowance. This will be a site position on a rotation. Assists in planning and implementing the site QA program/plan for assigned discipline and/or area. Prepares quality surveillance checklists, performs quality surveillance as per plan and report any issues or discrepancies using BAIT digital tracking system. Identifies deficiencies and noncompliance's as a result of deviations from work processes and/or procedures. Initiates or assists in initiating NCR’s identified through a quality submission, audit, inspection, surveillance, etc. CAR’s/PAR’s/OFI’s as necessary. Reviews and investigates quality submissions and verifies that the submission is complete and clear. Coordinate with originator/FE Representative or Functional/Area Manager, as required for any additional information or clarification required and update the submission accordingly. Assists in validation of NCR’s details and number of tags used, etc., as assigned. Assists in conducting root cause analysis as directed by Site Quality Manager to identify the root causes of significant events and identifies the associated corrective/preventive actions necessary. Verifies the implementation of correction, corrective and preventive action to address identified deficiencies and/or noncompliance's. Participates in quality audits and represents the project during audits by management, the client, and certifying/permitting agencies, as directed by Site Quality Manager. Recommends actions to project personnel to correct observed quality deficiencies based on emerging trends. Reviews quality related procedures and manuals of other departments and of actual and potential suppliers and contractors for conformance to project QA program/plan requirements. Reviews selected field procurement documents to assure the inclusion of applicable quality requirements Reviews and approves the contractor's ITP’s, check sheets, and scope of work. Reviews project system documentation packages for completion prior to system turnover to the Commissioning and handover to the Client. Conduct oral presentations to varying audiences Track project (and self) progress through department standardized metrics tools General duties include maintaining positive relationships and open communication with internal and external customers, maintaining professionalism in all company related activities and uphold the company values, and attend and actively participate in meetings. Technical knowledge in the application of engineering, environmental, procurement, construction, testing, operations, practices sufficient to comprehend specified engineering, environmental, procurement, construction, testing, operations, and certification requirements. Knowledge of the quality assurance principles and their application to engineering, environmental, procurement, construction, testing, or operations. A recognized degree in an engineering or scientific discipline; and/or Specialized courses in engineering, quality or a specialized discipline; and/or Practical work experience (2-4 years) in fields of quality assurance, design engineering, environmental, procurement, construction, testing, operations, commissioning, or business administration. Proficiency in the use of a PC computer and Microsoft software Excellent presentation, written and oral communication skills, listening & interpersonal skills Demonstrated analytical and problem solving skills Pro-active, highly motivated and a strong team player with a positive attitude Strong ownership and responsibility for a project or task of high importance and see it through to completion A proficiency in multitasking in high stress environments under tight deadlines Strong attention to detail Full understanding of Software Quality Assurance concepts Training in Project Management, Business, and/or Communication is beneficial Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment. 
ScrapedJobID282:
Identify and record software defects Regress and verify bug fixes Concise and detailed data entry Create and execute test plans Work closely with developers to find solutions to identified defects Liaise with other members of the project team Identifying all material software defects High quality work delivered on time Good working relationships with teammates Passion for video games and the video games industry Extensive experience playing games on all platforms Experience and/or understanding of console, PC, and mobile game testing Self-motivated with a desire to learn and stay current with game development standards Ability to read requirements and build test cases or test plans Ability to prioritize and multi-task Excellent communication and organizational skills Teamwork and a professional attitude Familiarity with QA Testing within the video game industry Experience with defect management tools such as Jira, Microsoft TFS, VersionOne, HP ALM Experience in Automation and/or basic knowledge of different programming languages Strong knowledge of software development cycles High School Diploma 
ScrapedJobID283:

ScrapedJobID284:
Responsible for leading the technical direction of general quality practices as well as test automation suites across several teams Provide technical guidance, direction, and support to other test engineers Assess our existing test automation framework, propose improvements, and work with other test engineers to implement those improvements Enjoy a high level of ownership over the quality process and test automation suite Work closely with product managers and UX designers to understand and empathize with our users Learn and grow - we offer plenty of opportunities for advancement and a generous learning budget You thrive in a team environment, enjoy collaborating, and are curious about how things work You enjoy the creative process, finding solutions to problems, and relish building products that delight customers You’re passionate about software and stay up to date on the latest developments in the industry (and love to share what excites you!) You aspire to take a high degree of code, process, and delivery responsibility You’re energized by working in a high-paced environment where code backed by automated tests is shipped into production in as fast as a day 5+ year's combined experience in automation testing, building test frameworks and leading technical work Proficiency in one or more development languages such as Go, Java or JavaScript You have expertise in designing, planning, and executing manual and automation testing for products in a short cycle CI/CD environment You come with your own set of insights and opinions on how to approach quality and automated testing 
ScrapedJobID285:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent combination of technical education and experience 3+ years of professional quality assurance and testing experience Fluency in SQA methodology and tools Hands-on experience with test planning, test designing and execution, performance and stress testing, implementing and maintaining high quality test automation of both client and server systems Experience building and designing test cases including knowledge of test methodologies Experience with API automation testing including unit test frameworks Work with Product & Development teams to design and implement test strategies to deliver a quality consumer software product. Implement test automation while driving processes to reduce manual test coverage. Define quality metrics and implement measurements to determine test effectiveness, testing efficiency, and the overall quality of the software. Ensure our products meet high standards of quality, performance, security and reliability. Help tackle cross-platform engineering challenges and contribute creative ideas to the Amazon Kids quality engineering team. Strong leadership, communication, and problem solving skills Knowledge of industry standard test automation tools and experience developing product test harnesses Experience with open source tools and resources Master's degree 
ScrapedJobID286:
Lead the development, establishment, and enforcement of quality assurance measures and testing standards for new applications, products, and/or enhancements to existing applications, throughout their development/product lifecycles. Create methodologies and processes for the collection and analysis of data for ensuring software, systems, and product quality. Conduct analysis of formal test results to discover and report any defects, bugs, errors, configuration issues, and interoperability flaws. Determine the selection and appropriate implementation of automated test tools and data collection tools. Analyze documentation and technical specifications to create test plans and scripts that will determine optimal application performance according to specifications. Ensure that testing activities allow applications to meet business and security requirements and systems goals, fulfill end-user requirements, and identify existing or potential issues. Collaborate with software/systems personnel in application testing, such as system, unit, regression, load, and acceptance testing methods. Communicate test progress, test results, and other relevant information to project team members. Institute of Technology diploma, or Bachelor’s Degree in science or business; and A minimum of six (6) years current relevant experience in an IT environment, including two (2) years in a supervisory role in a similar capacity preferably supervising teams within a large, complex and unionized environment; or An equivalent combination of education, training and experience. Excellent supervisory skills to manage teams in a complex unionized environment. Strong project management and delivery skills with ability to work with tight schedules. Proven commitment to providing and maintaining the highest level of customer service. Effective oral and written communication skills to a wide and varying size of audience, including documentation and public facing communication channels. Proven analytical and problem-solving skills. Strong organizational skills and ability to meet changing priorities and multi-task while meeting strict deadlines. Must be a team player and work well with cross-departmental teams. Extensive direct experience in overseeing the design, development, and implementation of quality assurance standards for software testing. Extensive direct experience as a lead tester for major application integration and/or major application product release. Strong knowledge of system testing best practices and methodologies. Extensive experience developing QA solutions for core enterprise software applications, such as WordPress, SharePoint, and enterprise ERP systems. Direct hands-on experience with ad hoc query programs, automated testing tools, and reporting software. Proven data analysis, data verification, and problem-solving abilities. Experience with statistical reporting and analysis. Technical fluency in programming languages (Java, PHP, JavaScript, Grails, etc.), would be an asset. Good project coordination skills and/or substantial exposure to project-based work structures. Experience with Atlassian product suite (Jira, Bitbucket, Confluence) or similar workflow management systems. Strong attention to detail, ability to learn and adapt quickly and with ease. A team player who enjoys working with people. Well-organized with a methodical approach to work. Humbleness and a growth mindset necessary to foster a continuous improvement culture, including the ability to improve yourself. Good sense of humour and an ability to prevent absurdity from affecting a commitment to results. Energetic, motivated self-starter with the ability to learn quickly. Fierce desire to meet deadlines. Being a part of BC’s Top 100 Employers, and a member of the CCDI. A generous Total Compensation package which includes extended health and dental benefits and a superb pension plan. Eligibility for partial remote work upon Institute approval A 35 hour work week with 25 days of paid vacation prorated per year Access to Professional Development Funds and opportunities for career development. Increase your knowledge with Tuition waivers for BCIT courses. Enjoy discounted access to our fitness facilities (including classes like Yoga and Zumba). Additional Wellness and Employee Assistance programs. 
ScrapedJobID287:
Toronto, ON Fredericton, NB Regina, SK Calgary, AB Vancouver, BC 
ScrapedJobID288:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID289:
Perform system level integration and test of all software components, ensuring their compatibility to meet program technical, schedule, cost and quality objectives Set up automated testing to support regression testing Analyze user stories and successfully identify test scenarios that are relevant to the business Develop, document and execute detailed, comprehensive and well-structured software test specifications, test analyses and compatibility of software and functional interfaces Estimate, prioritize, plan, execute and report on testing activities Assist developers with unit testing (i.e. what to cover/avoid and how to effectively test components) Identify chances of code refactoring in order to make the product more suitable for automation (e.g., assign unique IDs to elements in a webpage) Analyze the product and identify the best automation approach for the platform Good understanding of software development methodologies, quality processes and testing techniques (incl. test tools and test data generation) Experience in different levels of functional testing (e.g. smoke testing, integration testing, white/black box testing, user acceptance testing, regression testing, ...) Experience with non-functional testing (i.e. performance, load, security) a plus Good understanding of engineering for the web: client/server architecture, REST, etc. Experience with testing a product based on HTML, CSS, Javascript, Angular 2+, Asp.net, REST, API, C#, T-SQL Familiarity with web accessibility a plus Knowledge of browser troubleshooting and debugging practices, techniques and tools (e.g. Postman, Fiddler, ...) Familiarity with cross browser compatibility testing Experience with test automation frameworks and tools (e.g. Cypress, Karma, Jest, ...) Experience with Azure DevOps, JIRA or TFS (Azure DevOps is preferred) Familiarity with Azure platform Experience working with Agile methodologies and techniques (e.g. Scrum, Kanban, Test-Driven Development, Continuous Integration) Experience with software version and/or configuration management control systems a plus 7+ years of end to end software testing 2+ years of developing automated tests Critical thinker with an entrepreneurial attitude Good time-management and multitasking skills Excellent analytical, troubleshooting and problem-solving skills Ability to conduct independent research and diagnose unfamiliar technical issues under time constraints Great interpersonal and communication skills Team-player, quick learner, proactive and positive attitude Able to perform well in a fast-paced environment Great sense of ownership and pride in own performance and its impact on the company’s success Monday to Friday quality assurance: 7 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID290:
Please note this position is not eligible for a relocation subsidy or living out allowance. This will be a site position on a rotation. Assists in planning and implementing the site QA program/plan for assigned discipline and/or area. Prepares quality surveillance checklists, performs quality surveillance as per plan and report any issues or discrepancies using BAIT digital tracking system. Identifies deficiencies and noncompliance's as a result of deviations from work processes and/or procedures. Initiates or assists in initiating NCR’s identified through a quality submission, audit, inspection, surveillance, etc. CAR’s/PAR’s/OFI’s as necessary. Reviews and investigates quality submissions and verifies that the submission is complete and clear. Coordinate with originator/FE Representative or Functional/Area Manager, as required for any additional information or clarification required and update the submission accordingly. Assists in validation of NCR’s details and number of tags used, etc., as assigned. Assists in conducting root cause analysis as directed by Site Quality Manager to identify the root causes of significant events and identifies the associated corrective/preventive actions necessary. Verifies the implementation of correction, corrective and preventive action to address identified deficiencies and/or noncompliance's. Participates in quality audits and represents the project during audits by management, the client, and certifying/permitting agencies, as directed by Site Quality Manager. Recommends actions to project personnel to correct observed quality deficiencies based on emerging trends. Reviews quality related procedures and manuals of other departments and of actual and potential suppliers and contractors for conformance to project QA program/plan requirements. Reviews selected field procurement documents to assure the inclusion of applicable quality requirements Reviews and approves the contractor's ITP’s, check sheets, and scope of work. Reviews project system documentation packages for completion prior to system turnover to the Commissioning and handover to the Client. Conduct oral presentations to varying audiences Track project (and self) progress through department standardized metrics tools General duties include maintaining positive relationships and open communication with internal and external customers, maintaining professionalism in all company related activities and uphold the company values, and attend and actively participate in meetings. Technical knowledge in the application of engineering, environmental, procurement, construction, testing, operations, practices sufficient to comprehend specified engineering, environmental, procurement, construction, testing, operations, and certification requirements. Knowledge of the quality assurance principles and their application to engineering, environmental, procurement, construction, testing, or operations. A recognized degree in an engineering or scientific discipline; and/or Specialized courses in engineering, quality or a specialized discipline; and/or Practical work experience (2-4 years) in fields of quality assurance, design engineering, environmental, procurement, construction, testing, operations, commissioning, or business administration. Proficiency in the use of a PC computer and Microsoft software Excellent presentation, written and oral communication skills, listening & interpersonal skills Demonstrated analytical and problem solving skills Pro-active, highly motivated and a strong team player with a positive attitude Strong ownership and responsibility for a project or task of high importance and see it through to completion A proficiency in multitasking in high stress environments under tight deadlines Strong attention to detail Full understanding of Software Quality Assurance concepts Training in Project Management, Business, and/or Communication is beneficial Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment. 
ScrapedJobID291:
Offres de crédit multiples La capacité de faire connaître leurs produits et services à un public cible Occasions de réseautage à l'échelle locale, nationale et internationale Accès à divers rapports de renseignements sur les marchés Contenu riche et diversifié par rapport à leurs industries Concevoir et exécuter des systèmes pour vérifier les problèmes Documenter les cas de test Effectuer et documenter l'analyse des risques Enregistrer la progression et les résultats des tests Coder des tests automatisés Créer des plans de test Développer des normes et des procédures pour déterminer la qualité du produit Découvrir les bogues dans les logiciels Identifier, isoler et suivre les bogues tout au long des tests Identifier tout problème potentiel que les utilisateurs pourraient rencontrer Effectuer des tests manuels et automatisés Rechercher et analyser les caractéristiques du produit à tester Rechercher de nouveaux outils, technologies et processus de test Au moins 3 ans d'expérience en assurance qualité logicielle Bonne connaissance des méthodologies, outils et processus d'assurance qualité des logiciels. Expérience dans la rédaction de plans de test et de cas de test clairs, concis et complets. Très bonne expérience des tests d'applications web (Restful APIs) Très bonnes compétences en communication Connaissance de base de la programmation de logiciels avec les langages Java Solides compétences en matière de travail en équipe Avoir le souci du détail Connaissance intermédiaire de la programmation de logiciels avec les langages Java Connaissance de base de la programmation de logiciels avec des langages tels que PHP Connaissance de base des logiciels liés à la comptabilité
Expérience des tests de performance et/ou de sécurité
Expérience pratique des outils de tests automatisés
Expérience avec les Responsive Designs
Expérience avec Postman, Selenium et Headless testing Une rémunération compétitive Assurances collectives REER collectif Des congés payés tels que des jours de maladie et des jours de vacances Des options flexibles de travail à distance ou hybride Multiple credit offers The ability to advertise their products and services to a targeted audience Local, national and international networking opportunities Access to a variety of market intelligence reports Rich and diversified content relative to their industries Design and execute systems to check for issue Document test cases Perform and document risk analysis Record test progress and results Code automated tests Create test plans Develop standards and procedures to determine product quality Discover bugs within software Identify, isolate, and track bugs throughout testing Identify any potential problems that users might encounter Perform manual and automated testing Research and analyze product features being tested Research new tools, technologies, and testing processes At least 3 years of experience in software quality assurance Good knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes Experience in writing clear, concise and comprehensive test plans and test cases Very good experience testing web-based application (Restful APIs) Very good communication skills Basic knowledge of software programming with Java languages Strong teamwork skills Be detail-oriented Intermediary knowledge of software programming with Java languages Basic knowledge of software programming with languages such as PHP Basic knowledge in accounting related software Experience with performance and/or security testing Hands-on experience with automated testing tools Experience with Responsive Designs Experience with Postman, Selenium and Headless testing Competitive compensation + stock options Health benefits Group RRSP Paid time off such as sick days and vacation days Flexible remote or hybrid work options 
ScrapedJobID292:
Lead Customer complaints / Escapes problem solving. Lead Site Quality Program and Cost of Quality. Champion quality cultural change in the facility aligned with Flowserve values & behaviors. Responsible for QC incoming, in-process and final inspection for the site. Manage and improve Quality KPIs (Non-conformances, Rework, Scrap, First Pass Yield, Escapes, Warranties, Corrective Actions). Report KPIs, Global Corrective Actions and support with corporate data requests. Implement Zero Defect Program and support Customer Experience in the site as per Corporate Guidelines. Maintain all Quality certifications for the business (ISO 9001:2015, others site specific) Maintain compliance with Flowserve Global Procedures and industry regulations & requirements. Support external customer audits. Launch continuous improvement initiatives based on the KPIs results and support CI initiatives at site. Lead, facilitate and coach Problem Solving (RCA/CA/PA) for the facility. Partner with Supplier Performance Group to assure suppliers quality and performance. Perform “Talent & Performance” reviews for Quality Team and support Organizational Health initiatives. Provide coaching and direction for Site Leadership regarding Quality. Build custom packages and systems Vendor audits and reviews Use project management tools to ensure effective and timely completion of project milestones. Ensure export compliance. Support the Corp Human Performance Program in 2022 (partnering with HSE). Use detailed process mapping tools to define and analyze quality management workflows. Make data driven decisions Embrace and drive accountability and performance-based culture focused on financial excellence. Interact with the functional areas including manufacturing, purchasing, engineering, production, and field service/repair to evaluate failure trends, product quality problems, and quality issues. Evaluate existing quality processes and systems for effectiveness and improvement opportunities. Support quality system deployment plans given multiple system deployments with other functions (ERP, PLM, SIOP, etc.). Interact with customers and suppliers on quality issues plus resolution of any problems within process and final product acceptance. Provide input, guidance and coaching to site leadership team to ensure continuous improvement. Communicate effectively in both verbal and written form with a wide variety of customers including both internal and external to Flowserve. Communicate effectively with associates at all levels, from the factory floor to executives at Flowserve and Customers. Be able to perform and coach others in data analysis and perform root cause analysis. Bachelor’s degree in engineering field (manufacturing, industrial, or mechanical) 8 years of experience in Quality, 5 as Quality Manager. Previous experience in metal-mechanic industries and similar business. Management experience with ISO 9001:2015 quality systems (certification audits. Skilled in Team Oriented Problem Solving (RCA/CA/PA tools, able to teach and coach). Lean Six Sigma Black Belt or Certified Quality Engineer Skilled in data analysis and quality KPI performance management. Experience in Quality Software Systems Development and Management Knowledge of welding and weld maps Pump manufacturing experience Able to understand P&L / financials. ISO 9001:2015 Lead Auditor (NQA-1 for Nuclear) 8D Problem Solving Supplier Quality Management Experience GPH specific: Welding & systems packages background. GPH specific: Canadian Nuclear background 
ScrapedJobID293:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID294:
We offer flexibility We offer a diverse work environment Futureproof your career with a job in information security Develops test plans, test scenarios, test cases, test data and automated test scripts for different types of testing activities Performs execution of test cases, test automation, captures test results, test metrics and reports them Identifies and tracks system defects. Performs root cause analysis of the defects and works with the development team to resolve them Performs quality assurance testing activities to ensure the applications and products and/or releases are in compliance with the Quality Assurance standards of the organization Builds automated processes for testing to improve quality and throughout Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent technical degree 5+ years’ experience in a QA role 3+ years’ experience in Agile/SCRUM environment 3+ years’ experience – development/maintenance of automated functional/performance tests against web- based apps 1-3 years’ experience with Java and C# Experience with REST API test - development/maintenance of automated functional/performance tests Strong knowledge of web browser compatibility testing Experience with defect tracking tools and defect tracking protocols Must possess excellent overall attention to detail and quality Strong analytical, troubleshooting, organizational, and problem solving skills Ability to work in a highly collaborative team environment Task driven with a great attitude and excellent communication skills Working in a team-lead capacity Strong working knowledge of VMware virtualization product Experience in Cloud Computing – AWS or other Strong working knowledge of Windows Server, LINUX-based (RHEL/CentOS) and Mac operating systems Working knowledge of: o databases (Postgres, Oracle, MS SQL Server) o directory services with LDAP (Active Directory, other LDAP compliant servers) o DevOps and CI technologies (Ansible, Docker, Kubernetes and Jenkins) Working knowledge of SmartBear ReadyAPI for automated API and Web Services test creation/maintenance. Other tool experience will be considered. Working knowledge of Telerik Test Studio for automated web-based test creation/maintenance. Other tool experience will be considered. Experience with Atlassian software development and collaboration tools (JIRA/Confluence/Zephyr) Leader in the security industry Friendly, supportive & knowledgeable teams Opportunities for on-the-job training You’ll help secure identities! 
ScrapedJobID295:
Review business requirements, system requirement specifications, design and other project documents for clarity and completeness and provide constructive feedback. Design, develop and document test strategy, test plans, test scenarios and test cases based on functional and non-functional requirements and best practices Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases Liaise with business users, business analysts, and developers to ensure that planned testing meets project requirements. Execute on test cases prior to customer review Provide timely, concise test progress /status reports. Facilitate test planning and review meetings with project team and stakeholders. Estimate, Plan, coordinate and prioritize the effort for executing on requests including testing activities Perform thorough regression testing when bugs are resolved Maintain positive and professional relationships with project or support stakeholders. Knowledge sharing with, and support of, other team members. Collaborate with the greater delivery team to improve quality assurance practices within the Managed Services practice Understanding of the solutions from a customer business point of view Respond proactively to both business and project issues, risks and escalate appropriately. Work with the customer to reproduce & conduct initial diagnostics of incidents Identify, record, document thoroughly and track incidents/requests Work with other consultants to execute on such requests or as part of resolution of an incident. You demonstrate BDO's core values through all aspect of your work: Integrity, Respect and Collaboration You understand your client’s industry, challenges, and opportunities; client describe you as positive, professional, and delivering high quality work You identify, recommend, and are focused on effective service delivery to your clients You share in an inclusive and engaging work environment that develops, retains & attracts talent You actively participate in the adoption of digital tools and strategies to drive an innovative workplace You grow your expertise through learning and professional development. Must have a solid background and understanding of all aspects of software quality and testing, including prior experience in cloud based solutions Must have the ability to accurately report testing to stakeholders and appropriately raise quality issues Experience with both Manual and Automated testing. You should have extensive manual testing experience and have at least participated in automation based activities (scripting, execution, evaluation) Webservice API testing using Postman, SOAP UI or equivalent Mature leadership and coaching abilities are required to help with co-ordination and guidance of other QA team members Excellent communication skills. Successful candidate will be a full member of a cross functional team and be expected to interact frequently with other stakeholders and the client. Ability to be flexible, move quickly in fast paced environment. Must be willing to own and learn new domain/industry expertise. Strong experience in test case management, including setting up a project from scratch. Azure DevOps experience an asset, but equivalent system is acceptable. TestRail knowledge and experience is an asset Experience with Selenium or io is an asset Automated API testing using Postman, SOAP UI, Rest Assured or equivalent is an asset Past experience working with and managing offshore team members is an asset We enable you to engage with the firm's strategic plan, and be a key contributor to the success and growth of the firm. We help you be the best professional you can be in our services, industries and markets. Achieve your personal goals outside of the office and make an impact on your community. 
ScrapedJobID296:
Deploying, maintaining and managing all stages of Technology Product life cycle including prototyping/inception, testing, and production. Work collaboratively with software engineering to deploy and operate our systems. Ensure/monitor the availability, performance, scalability and security of productions systems. Help automate and streamline our operations and processes. Build and maintain tools for deployment, monitoring and operations. System troubleshooting and problem solving across platform and application domains. Suggesting architecture improvements, recommending process improvements. Evaluate new technology options and vendor products. Create documentation including design, operational support documents. Regularly conveying status to team and management. Manage operations and support of all APIM platforms (Mulesoft / APIgee) 3+ years of software engineering industry experience Bachelor (equivalent or higher) degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related discipline. Solid experience in application support in a 24x7 uptime environment. Ability to use a wide variety of open source technologies and cloud services Experience with version control systems such as Git, and other CICD dev tools such as Jira, Jenkins, and Confluence. Solid concepts and experience in Quality Assurance processes on IT Platforms Experience in Linux Previous experience / knowledge on APIGee, Mulesoft or some other APIM Platforms Experience with Agile software development and project management methodologies. Understanding network topologies and common network protocols and services (DNS, HTTP(S), SSH, FTP, SMTP). Good understanding of API / API orchestration / Proxies / Gateways concepts and architecture Good knowledge about DevOps scripting tools such as bash, nodejs, java, python. The opportunity to join a forward-thinking company surrounded by a collaborative team of innovative thinkers. A rewarding career path with diverse opportunities for professional development. Internal development to support your growth and enhance your skills. A competitive compensation and benefits package. An organization committed to making a difference in our communities– for you and our customers. 
ScrapedJobID297:
Develop, implement, and manage scripts in both test and live environments Develop test automation to accelerate solution delivery Test and verify code and content against specifications and test plans Establish test measurements to improve overall product QA processes Analyze test results and communicate with multiple teams and departments within the company to resolve software defects Utilize defect reporting and tracking Run tests on and off-site Bachelor of Science in computer science, programming or equivalent technical area 5+ years testing and validating products within cross-functional product teams 5+ years developing and executing test plans Experience validating multi-lingual websites is preferred Experience with the Salesforce API/integration is an asset Experience in hands-on automated test creation using Selenium, Coded UI, or other testing automation platform required Exceptional written and verbal communication skills required with the ability to influence, engage, and train people at all levels. Self-motivated, efficient, and enthusiastic Ability to meet timely deadlines and expectations while still remaining flexible and diplomatic (individually and as part of a complex team effort) Must be able to set priorities, meet deadlines and manage multiple initiatives Commensurate with experience. 
ScrapedJobID298:
Perform functionality, usability, and regression testing of products. Test configuration and compatibility of software on multiple hardware platforms. Contribute to the development and follow-up of test plans and materials. Track, analyze, record and verify all software functionality discrepancies and development corrections. Develop, perform, and document test procedures to verify problem fixes. Report critical issues and work with development to resolve. Carry out scheduled plans and provide feedback to QA Team Lead. Monitor progress to meet milestones or deadlines. Follow and recommend software quality assurance procedures to test and evaluate software products. Escalate critical issues to QA Management Team. Directly responsible for adhering to all company and QA policies and procedures. Perform any other duties as assigned by manager with accountability and responsibility defined prior to the commencement of these duties. Graduated from junior college or higher, with a specialty in software development and / or QA. Entry level position Knowledge of gaming, mobile testing, and/or web services is an asset ISTQB Foundation Level certification is an asset The QA Tester level 2will be the primary contact for junior testers and is expected to field the questions on basic testing processes, design, etc. The QA Tester level 2 should ensure that the testers are up-to-date with all the latest design info that may have been received from the Lead, other QA Tester level 2and/or the client. This will help prevent Invalid-As Designed issues. Spends a large part of their day testing and must complete the same tasks as the QA tester Level 1 in addition to the above tasks. Graduated from junior college or higher, with a specialty in software development and / or QA. Two to four years' experience in QA preferred Knowledge of gaming, mobile testing, and/or web services is an asset ISTQB Foundation Level certification is an asset Develop and implement test strategies, test plans, standards and processes including performance and test automation. Works as a member of a project team to analyze use cases, and ensure detailed quality test are produced. Maintains test plans and updates plan when necessary. Raises risks and issues when needed. Reports and provides status on testing phases from test plan and test case creation, test automation, bug triaging to final release. Reports on quality targets and coverage. Supports the design, development, and improvement of test documentation and procedures. Mentors, coaches, develops junior and intermediate test resources. May complete same tasks as required by QA Tester Level 1 & 2 in addition to the above tasks. Graduated from junior college or higher, with a specialty in software development and / or QA. 3-5 years of experience as a QA Tester. Knowledge of gaming, mobile testing, and/or web services is an asset ISTQB certifications are an asset Competitive salary based on experience Extensive on the job training Health, vision and dental benefits RRSP company matching contribution Staff recognition program Successful applicants will require a background check 
ScrapedJobID299:
Work closely with development team based on company defined development processes and methodologies Contribute in sprint planning and user story grooming Design test plan and test cases from user stories Execute test plans and test scripts to certify the application and data correctness Participate in post deployment testing Assess risks and escalate to team on impediment Provide estimates for testing tasks Work with development team to achieve balance of test coverage and agility Analyze and troubleshoot application / test environment issues Create and maintain automated test suites You have a University degree or college diploma in IT related or Math related field, or equivalent industry experience You have minimum 2 years QA experience with SaaS application (website and mobile app) You have worked in an Agile environment as QA You have knowledge of a spectrum of software development methodologies You have knowledge in SQL and have written queries You are familiar with computer programming language and concepts You have excellent multiple tasking and time management skills You are an excellent problem solver who enjoy challenges You are comfortable working off hours occasionally An opportunity to work in a stable and exciting work environment with growth opportunities Tuition reimbursement program Medical and dental benefits without a waiting period Three (3) weeks paid vacation Location! We are in Don Mills with free parking, close to the 401 and DVP, with bike racks, and a TTC stop outside our office Defined Benefit Pension Plan Employee Assistance Program Various perks such, gym membership, fitbit for monthly team challenges, Perkopolis and socials for everyone from book club to sports A culture that encourages volunteering, giving back, team activities, and teamwork An open concept, bright office with access to Wilket Creek and Sunnybrook Park 
ScrapedJobID300:
Review, analyze and evaluate business requirements specifications in order to create and plan a risk-based test strategy Develop, socialize, and seek agreement for the test strategy that outlines the risks and mitigation strategies by priority Design and prepare, or lead the design and preparation of test plans and matrices Execute and/or lead the execution of test cases, test scripts and distribute progress reports Identify, analyze, log, and prioritize defects: working closely with IT to identify root causes and resolve problems Provide technical support and guidance to business on Production or Test Cycle system issues. Perform system functional and acceptance tests Post secondary education in computer science, business administration or equivalent CTFL / ISTQB Software Testing Certification or equivalent experience – required Minimum 5 years of Quality Assurance in an Insurance or Finance Company – required Solid understanding of the SDLC and Agile software development methodology; QA concepts and hands-on execution in an Agile environment – required Advanced Excel, Word and PPT User - MS Visio and MS Access an asset Experience with Test Automation and Defect Management Tools and testing complex software systems Exceptional analytical skills with a clear understanding of common software failures and faults and problem-solving and debugging skills Superior organizational, prioritization and multi-tasking skills and meet various deadlines A positive attitude in the workplace and the ability to drive change Bilingualism is an asset An award-winning, inspiring workplace that supports its people and recognizes great work Stimulating, challenging projects and development opportunities to help you grow your skills and career A comprehensive financial rewards program that recognizes your success An extensive, flexible benefits package An industry leading Employee Share Purchase Plan where we match 50% of net shares purchased A $350 annual wellness account that promotes an active lifestyle 
ScrapedJobID301:
Evolve and enhance our core SimplePin application Participate in the analysis, elaboration, and estimation of customer requirements and specifications Create and maintain technical documentation Collaborate with application support to analyze, troubleshoot, reproduce, and resolve production issues reported by customers Work with other team members on release planning and deployment activities Be proactive, facilitate knowledge sharing, and continually improve our activities Ensure all personal deliverables are done with highest level of quality Validate development team deliverables if they done according specifications, on time and with highest quality Ensure that the goals and objectives are accomplished within defined timeframes and allocated budgets Analyze business requirements, provide the feedback to stakeholders. Interact and coordinate activities with other departments, external vendors and customers Develops new approaches to solve problems identified during quality assurance activities Communicates significant issues or developments identified and provides recommended process improvements to management Prepares and presents technical and program information to team members and management Support new product development and validations for new and existing products, processes and equipment Completes internal quality system audits Facilitate the execution of Risk Management activities Plan, implement and support continuous integration processes Perform investigation of customer support issues and and work with developers on resolutions Track time and deliver time-sheets on weekly basis Assist in improving our business processes Participate in recruitment process Responsible for testing effort estimation, defect management in JIRA, and release testing Perform technical research and present innovative solutions which contribute to company success Responsible for creating and maintaining testing artefacts for projects and production defects Prepare test plans, test cases, test scripts in accordance with requirements and specifications Perform testing as well assign test activities to Testers Report defects and assist developer in troubleshooting Responsible to creating testing related job aids, training documents, mentoring Testers and Developers Product test reports Prepare User Acceptance Tests and coordinate activities Validate software builds to make sure they are inline with source code repository Plan software releases and manage procedures Manage software configuration scripts and documentation Prepare Sprint reports with key KPIs related to the quality of delivered functionality Regularly interacts with CTO, Scrum Master and Software Development team Enforce highest level of quality across company by providing training to other departments on test practices Other tasks as assigned 5+ years’ software engineering and IT experience with at least 3 years in Quality Assurance Extensive knowledge of SDLC practices Experience using software best practices like Test-Driven Development (TDD) and Continuous Integration (CI) Worked as part of Scrum teams or similar iterative Agile development methodologies Have detailed understanding of Configuration and Change Management Processes, Procedures and Policies Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in software engineering or computer science Experience with system and regression testing Practiced continuous improvement and promoted knowledge sharing Strong organizational skills, capable of managing assigned tasks and meeting deadlines Experience with project management, including AGILE, SCRUM and Waterfall Multi-tasking capabilities with ability to adjust to paced environment Works under minimal supervision, with general guidance from technical management Exceptional personal skills and ability to clearly and effectively communicate both verbally and in writing Attention to details Strong problem-solving skills Ability to maintain confidentiality as appropriate Fluent in spoken and written English is a plus Proficiency in Unix Operation Systems with experience in Linux / Bash scripting Familiarity with public Cloud providers (AWS, GCE, Azure) Experience with test automation tools such as Selenium Knowledge of Atlassian products, including JIRA, Confluence and Service desk Basic knowledge of Java, HTML, javascript, and CSS is plus Knowledge of Zephyr is a plus Basic understanding of SQL is a plus Knowledge of development and build tools such as Jenkins, GIT, Subversion, Maven, Ant, Gradle etc.) Proficient with Microsoft Office tools, defect management tools, document management tools and versioning tools Experience with financial math is a plus Chief Technology Officer (CTO) Quality Assurance 
ScrapedJobID302:
Keeps up to date with equipment changes, developments and applications as related to service requirements involving industry procedures and standards; Investigates and resolves mechanical, hydraulic and electronic system problems by understanding and utilizing engineering standards, technical manuals, engineering prints and electronic test tooling; Writes and catalogs technical failure reports obtained from the field, including TSI’s Offers equipment modification recommendations adding to the future improvement of company equipment; Assists in the establishment of technical and quality management standards for field and shop work; Creates and develops reliability programs and procedures; Work on issues involving quality, cost, throughput, product upgrades and cost reducing strategies; Works with customer to support monthly Joiful meetings Provides technical service advice and information to customers and to OEM consultants; Ensures systems and processes are in place to gather and document failure information pertaining to equipment specific, service and/ or equipment related issues, design deficiencies, safety concerns and general maintenance problems that may periodically require follow-up; Provides product reliability, customer concerns and potential opportunity feedback to various departments within the company and OEM’s; Acts as a customer representative to SMS/ KAC and as focal point for equipment Reliability and Warranty communication between customer, KAC and SMS Equipment; Provides equipment support and follow-up as required in the areas of operational performance problems, technical issue resolves and all relevant matters as required; Ensures the warranty process and claims are managed within program parameters (Customer, Reman, Komatsu, Component Solutions etc.) Handling of controversial equipment claims to settlement. Explores alternative solutions that will result in satisfying both sides; Maintains goodwill policy toward customers and OEM’s at all times; Provide OEM released FC’s and related technical information to delegated Branch personnel, establish completion dates and monitor the progress to ensure campaigns are effectively completed and on time; Liaise with OEM Representatives and Branch personnel to ensure FC parts availability and allocation; Assist with FC warranty issues as required; Directs the company’s Quality Assurance and Reliability activities for the branch to ensure the highest quality efficiencies while achieving financial and performance objectives; Directs the activities of the Reliability team at dedicated to specific customers Works with others as required to acquire information and to provide recommendations for resolution; Monitors and reports on fleet availabilities Reconciles monthly fleet availabilities to contracts Monitor and report on oil sample analysis Ensures teams are managing the processes to meet or exceed the TECK/KA/SMS Master Agreement in terms of availability guarantees Manages a staff team of 5-10 employees Team annual goals and objectives set that drives the SMS branch/corporate goals and objectives Team performance reviews and follow up Team performance management process Training and staffing functions The typical level of education to preform this job competently is equivalent to completion of technical certification in engineering or a related field, whilst a degree and registered engineering qualification is highly desired. The work requires a sound understanding of the underlying theoretical principles and concepts associated with the subject areas - electro-mechanical engineering, hydraulics and/or structural designs. The ability to operate in a diverse environment with a significant focus on client and customer relations is essential to success in this role, whilst advanced computer literacy, and a demonstrated proficiency in electronics as well as software applications are requirements. Good judgement, sound decision making, initiative, the ability to positively influence behaviours, sound analytical abilities and an exceptional administrator are key requirements. Must be able to lead a group of people in a clear and organized manner. 
ScrapedJobID303:
Develop and maintain test scenarios Analyse the causes of issues identified during the testing Conduct a range of functional, integration, regression and performance tests Participate in team meetings during the various phases of a project Participate in status meetings with clients Collaborate in an Agile environment along with a dynamic team composed of software developers, architects, and project managers Take ownership of Quality at every stage of the delivery process 2+ years of experience in a similar position Degree in computer science or software engineering (an asset) Experience with Quality Assurance processes Excellent knowledge of English and French (spoken and written) Ability to communicate, write and synthesize information Knowledge of relational databases and scripting automated tests (SQL, SoapUI, Selenium, Neoload C#, Java) Strong sense of organization and prioritizing English and French: Must be able to work in English and/or French language (spoken and written) Knowledge of financial and/or insurance industries is a strong asset Competitive compensation package Comprehensive employee benefits Flexible hours and collaborative working spaces International assignments Various social and team activities 
ScrapedJobID304:
SAAS application Data analysis application Real-time communication application with on-board truck recorders for vehicle tracking Distributed client/server application for managing vehicle fleets SOA type application using the .NET platform Support the technical support team, as a level 3 resource person, on managing incidents to enhance resolution Investigate incidents by performing functional and code analysis to provide solutions to the various development teams (mobile, web, back-end) Work closely with the quality assurance team to review and improve test cases Analyze the use of applications in order to make recommendations for improvement and innovation Validate the corrections made Develop, improve and execute tests and develop validation tools. Document test plans Resolve issues related to the tests and tools developed Install, configure and test new iterations and upgrades of the software platform Analyze bugs, identify causes and triage them Document test procedures to be performed by team members Identify and resolve system performance issues Bachelor's degree in computer science or software engineering or other relevant experience 3 to 5 years of experience in quality assurance/customer support in a software development or high-tech company or any other relevant experience Good knowledge of programming (e.g. C#, Angular or other programming language) Knowledge of SQL Server Good knowledge of the Windows environment Excellent analytical and problem solving skills Ability to work in a team Good communicator Oral and written communication skills in French and English Good organizational skills Attention to detail Experience with Azure DevOps Good knowledge of scripting tools (e.g. Windows PowerShell) Knowledge of the .NET platform and C# language Knowledge of agile methodology varied career opportunities a stimulating work environment focused on innovation enthusiastic and collaborative teams competitive salaries and benefits promoting work-life balance: a complete group insurance plan, group RRSP, an EAP, flexible hours, 4 weeks of vacation, etc various social activities and free snacks every day 
ScrapedJobID305:
Answers incoming phone calls and respond to patient/family requests in an efficient and professional manner Performs weekly inventory assessments of office supplies, including all paperwork. Administrative Assistant will take ownership of this responsibility to assure that all office supplies will be available when needed. Process intakes Helps with scheduling staff shifts Organizes incoming documentation for accountant, and file flow sheets in client files. Maintains and organizes client files- including the thinning of client files as needed. Coordinates the filing and updating of quality assurance information in the employee personnel files and within the company software package. Performs the compilation of employee orientation packets, applications, client intake packets for case openings, and marketing packets for outside sales staff. Processes application materials for field staff, performs reference check, and schedules interviews for potential new hire candidates with the Director Performs weekly office inventory of all supplies including marketing materials (rack cards and brochures) to ensure the Agency operates in an effective and efficient manner Participates in the interview and orientation process, including handbook review, badge creation, and processes the paperwork. Enters data relevant to scheduling, sales and human resources databases. Maintains, coordinates and updates personnel files Assists with special project coordination at the discretion of the Director. ComForCare encourages involvement in growth opportunities for all administrative staff to prepare staff for promotional opportunities. Compliance with all company bonding criteria. Eighteen years of age or older, with Canadian citizenship and/or equivalent employment eligibility authorization. Exceptional organizational skills. Demonstrates ability to effectively communicate and interact with patients/family, co-workers, referral sources and outside agencies Outstanding telephone and customer service skills Ability to perform multiple tasks under strict deadlines High school diploma, or equivalent General Education Degree Each office is independently owned and operated. 
ScrapedJobID306:
Relationship Building : Work with multiple teams across the CIBC organization both onsite and offsite. Preparation and execution of SIT, UAT test cases, scenarios and scripts based on the Functional Requirements (BRD, SRD, FA) and Source to Target Validations based on Data Mapping and transformation logics to ensure quality of applications. You will interact with business and technical partners to review documents and daily management of your portfolio. Collaboration: Work with business and technical teams to establish test plans, standards, and procedures that add value to software project and satisfy the constraints of the project by reviewing project documentation. Work closely with the Test Coordinators to apply accepted testing methodologies and processes on projects Testing: Execute tests and ensure results achieve documented goals and objectives. Monitor & Reporting: Monitor project adherence to quality standards and provide status reporting as needed. Adhere to CIBC’s processes through all phases of the software development life cycle. You can demonstrate strong skills in software development testing through 1-2 years of experience, preferably within a financial institution. You are able to successfully translate business processes, systems functionality and requirements into well written test plans. It is an advantage if you have experience within an Agile environment. You have strong knowledge of using SQL, Oracle, ETL, DB2 databases, and test automation tools , test plans, test scripting, application architecture, multiple IT platforms, systems and software and working the SDLC. You give meaning to data. You enjoy investigating complex problems, and making sense of information. You're confident in your ability to communicate detailed information in an impactful way. You are detail oriented. You understand that success is in the details. You notice things that others don't. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making. Values matter to you. You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. You're passionate about people . You find meaning in relationships, and surround yourself with a diverse network of partners. You build trust through respect and authenticity. You put our clients first . You engage with purpose to find the right solutions. You go the extra mile, because it's the right thing to do. You give meaning to data. You enjoy investigating complex problems, and making sense of information. You're confident in your ability to communicate detailed information in an impactful way. Thrive: Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home Connect : Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity Develop: Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, individual development planning and comprehensive product training Prosper: Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID307:
Lead and mentor scrum teams in agile principles, policies and procedures. Lead and facilitate key agile ceremonies, including planning sessions, stand-ups, product demos, and retrospectives. Facilitate effective delivery of Services and deliverables by the scrum team through coaching and guiding the GoA product owner and the scrum team. Specifically: Maintain delivery metrics and report on product level plans, progress, and quality assurance using project management tools and Artifacts such as sprint burndown/velocity charts, product backlogs, and sprint backlogs. Participate in digital service delivery activities, such as user research and usability testing. Work from home Monday to Friday Scrum Master on large, complex projects for organizations: 2 years (required) tailor agile principles, processes, and practices to context: 2 years (preferred) working with UX design, service design, etc. teams: 2 years (preferred) working collaboratively in cross-function teams to deliver: 2 years (preferred) work collaboratively in a cross-functional team to deliver: 2 years (preferred) agile software development methodologies: 2 years (required) lead/mentor teams in agile principles, policies, procedures: 2 years (required) one-on-one and team coaching: 2 years (required) lead and facilitate key agile ceremonies (plan, stand-up,..): 2 years (required) agile product management tools (Jira, Kanban, Taiga, etc.): 2 years (required) plan work that aligns to production owner priorities: 2 years (required) agile projects in public sector: 2 years (preferred) web development, user-centred design, and UI best practices: 2 years (preferred) Industry-recognized Scrum Master certification (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID308:
Working with Software Product Owners to establish test cases based on requirements Centralized test coordination within the Software Engineering Group Creation and update of Software Test Procedures based on system and software requirements Execution and reporting of software tests Software test metrics collection and reporting Ad Hoc and exploratory testing (can you break it?) Coordinating with team members to ensure that software is designed for testability Creating automated test scripts for functional, performance, and stress tests Creating bug reports to provide feedback to the development team Diploma or degree in Computer Science; or related experience 2+ years QA experience in a formal software testing environment Experience with Python and other scripting languages Excellent verbal and written communication skills Excellent organizational skills Familiarity with a Software Testing Standard Technical competence in computers, networking, operating systems and web technology Detail oriented Experience with Test Automation and Metric Generation Familiarity with IEEE SW standards (1558 applies to rail equipment) Black–box testing methodologies Familiarity with the software release process Ability to work directly with electronic devices Experience with Jira or other bug tracking software Casual dress Commuter benefits Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Saanichton, BC: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) Quality Assurance: 1 year (preferred) QA - Software Testing: 2 years (preferred) Python / scripting languages: 2 years (preferred) authorization to work in Canada (required) No 
ScrapedJobID309:
Please note that this position is based in Québec, Canada, therefore the job posting is written in French. Mettre en place des outils et des processus utilisés à l’interne Élaborer, documenter et réaliser des plans d’essai et des scénarios de tests selon les spécifications des projets Drupal Produire et valider les différents rapports – statut d’avancement, tableau de bord, etc. Mettre en place et respecter les pratiques d’automatisation de tests Partager l’expertise et les pratiques exemplaires avec son équipe et les groupes d’affaires Collaborer avec les développeurs afin de résoudre les anomalies Assurer une veille technologique dans le développement logiciel Collaborer dans un environnement agile Quelques années d’expérience en assurance qualité de logiciels Diplôme en informatique ou expérience équivalente Curiosité Souci du détail Rigueur dans la qualité des livrables Bonne connaissance du système Jira Autonomie Facilité à vulgariser des concepts complexes Rigueur Connaissance du CMS Drupal – un atout Le Campus Premier Tech à Rivière-du-Loup, notre Siège mondial où travaillent 1 400 équipiers. Le mode de vie des équipiers ressemble à celui des chefs de file de la Silicon Valley : petits cafés, boutique Premier Tech, conciergerie d’entreprise, salles de formation, architecture favorisant l’innovation et les liens entre les équipiers, cours de yoga et bien plus! 
ScrapedJobID310:

ScrapedJobID311:
Provide appropriate planning and execution in regression testing, performance testing, integration testing, and another non-functional testing to ensure successful application deployment Execute test plans and test cases, provide timely updates and reports Collaborate in a cross-function delivery team to ensure that all aspects of quality are actively discussed and addressed during the delivery process Work closely with clients and project team to help convey issues around quality and build a relationship surrounding QA on the respective project Update and maintain best QA procedures and standards, including test planning and test data preparation Provide mentorship to new employees Provide input to the QA Manager/Team Lead for all QA related activities and dependencies Bachelor's degree or higher in Engineering or related discipline 5+ years of experience in the field of Software Quality Assurance Strong knowledge of software Quality Assurance best practices and methodologies Strong experience in planning QA activities without guidance (self-sufficient) Hands on experience in OTT platforms and devices Hands on experience in tools like XCode, Charles proxy, ADB Experience in creating test plans and good reporting skill Excellent debugging, analytical, problem solving, and documentation skills Self-motivated, passionate, responsible and a good team player Excellent communicator, detail-oriented and quality-focused Excellent written and oral communication skills in English Experience in a client-facing professional setting Good knowledge about iOS and tvOS Experience as a test lead 
ScrapedJobID312:
Bonus pay Overtime pay Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (required) Quality assurance: 5 years (required) No 
ScrapedJobID313:
Develops test strategies and test plans for development and integration projects ensuring an effective and risk based testing approach to validating the integrity of systems. Responsible for the creation and timely delivery of all QA artifacts. Coordinates internal and external testing resources, manages system and data setups throughout the test cycle and supervises external contractors. Provides QA status updates and project-end reports to project stakeholders and the management group. Proactively identifies and drives the implementation of test automation opportunities. Proactively seeks out issue resolution by consulting with developers, vendors and project managers. Mentors and develops junior team members and contracted resources. Continuously improves the shared QA processes and tool use and actively cooperates in cross departmental workgroups. Responsible for Audit and Compliance, including rules and responsibilities, procedures, detailed change information, and documenting meaningful and understandable details about the system and/or applications. University degree in a relevant discipline or a two-year college diploma supplemented by industry recognized professional courses; ISTQB (International Software Testing Qualifications Board) Certification is an asset; 3-5 years progressively responsible experience in a quality assurance or software development environment; Experience in Information Systems testing; vendor management, test management, defect tracking and test reporting tools; Experience with test automation is an asset; An equivalent combination of education and/or experience may be considered. Demonstrated experience in business and process analysis and improvement; Sound knowledge of the principles, concepts, practices and techniques of the overall SDLC - specifically in the area of quality assurance; Sound experience of web application automation; Sound understanding of the following tools: Selenium SoapUI Experience with continuous integration testing and tools an asset; Understanding of B.C. gaming industry is an asset; Excellent interpersonal skills; Excellent written and verbal communication skills; Excellent problem solving and analytical thinking/innovation; Strong computer skills – MS office suite; Exceptional time management and multi-tasking skills. 
ScrapedJobID314:
Ready to roll up their sleeves and get creative. Excited about the data-driven future. Passionate about details and dedicated to making our products the best in the world. Eager to tackle the next generation of challenges and make an impact. A committed team player who likes to win! Embrace, research, understand and adapt to new and emerging technologies and features Develop into a subject matter expert, everyone on the team is vital to our success Improve product quality and usability by influencing the design and implementation of new features Define test strategies and execute test plans (functional, system, robustness, stress, scaling, performance), oversee quality assurance of project as a whole Engage with developers to investigate, isolate, and reproduce defects Test technically complex product features and interactions at the system level Automate tests through scripts running in the Solace automation test framework A degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering, or similar field 2+ years of experience in a technical QA role Knowledge of software quality, testing and reporting methodologies Experience in testing complex software systems Strong analytical skills, excellent problem-solving and debugging skills Experience designing and implementing test scripts, tools and systems A positive attitude in the workplace and the ability to drive change Minimum of intermediate skill level with Linux operating systems Minimum of intermediate skill level with at least one scripting language (eg: TCL, Python, Perl) Good understanding of and experience with TCP/IP Experience with at least one cloud computing platform (eg: AWS, Azure, GCP, PCF) is a plus Excellent verbal and written communication skills We have an awesome team! You’ll get to work with some of the smartest individuals in the business. We believe in work-life balance and believe it’s important to love what you do. We encourage a flexible work environment. Our training programs are top-notch (LinkedIn Learning, Mentorship program, Solace Academy). We like to brag about our stellar customer lineup! We are social – we like to keep things simple and fun! We are one of the top-ranked employers on Glassdoor. We have a sense of humour and make cool videos like this. We are in the heart of the Kanata North tech park. 
ScrapedJobID315:
Assists in the development of appropriate research methodology and implementation of research activities (surveys, focus groups, secondary research). Working in teams, identifies data analysis requirements for any given project, determines the most relevant variables for each decision-making scenario and participates in the decision with respect to the research methodology being considered. Uses statistical methods to analyze data to provide insights for data quality reports.
Identifies potential problem areas with proposed data collection, entry, analysis, testing, methodologies, and develops approaches to address these prior to data collection. Executes User Acceptance Tests (UAT) activities to validate analytics reports, checking for data accuracy and usability.
Collects business requirements from end users to create new data quality visualizations as required. Supports the design, analysis, implementation, and training of the data quality dashboard using appropriate software including Banner, PowerBI/Tableau, Excel/SPSS and PowerPoint. Provides training to end-users on features of the existing Power BI reports and acts as a technical expert and support on academic quality systems. Creates, maintains, and manipulates academic quality data to transform data into configurations suitable for reporting and presentations, adhering to all proper procedures for handling confidential data. Supports the curriculum development and renewal team, by gathering curriculum data and mapping reports, conducting course outline quality reviews/analysis reports and presentations and providing curriculum workshop facilitation support, and updating vocational outcomes and other curriculum-related communications Oversees the data collection and gathers internal feedback on enhancements to the Course Outline Management and Mapping (COMMs) system. Designs and data mines curriculum data in support of academic quality findings and objectives, including pathways and gap analyses for GBC credentials. Uses Smartsheet software to track and monitor multiple quality projects (related to new program approvals, annual quality reviews, program quality reviews, strategy, student appeals) across the academic quality area. Supports the submission of annual, comprehensive and program quality self-assessments (PQSAs), degree consent renewals and the College Quality Assurance Audit Process, ensuring they are compiled and submitted to Ontario College Quality Assurance Service, the Post-Secondary Education Quality Assessment Branch and/or the Ministry of Colleges and Universities Works with the webteam to ensure that reports, policies, and quality guidelines are posted on the college’s intranet site in accessible formats. Proofreads and edits program review reports and provide feedback to program reviewers on clarity and consistency across reports. Supports the OAE Management Team by monitoring AE financial records, completing expense and budget transfers/add-ons, providing guidance and oversight for travel coordination and expense claim submission, credit card expense reconciliation (Concur) Liaises with Human Resources for coordination of recruitment, interviewing, and hiring processes. Coordinates the creation of new contracts in Cornerstone and supports the onboarding of new staff. Performs other related duties as assigned. Three-year degree in a research-related field covering research methodology and statistics (e.g. Psychology, Statistics, Mathematics, Business, or related sciences). Information Technology and/or Business Analysis Advanced Diploma or Degree. Must hold Data Visualization Certification and emphasis on data analysis, visualization, integration with CRMs and visualization applications. Minimum five years experience in a research environment (research methodology, statistical analysis, needs assessment and report writing), including practical experience in supporting quantitative and qualitative research projects. Experience working in education, or related fields supporting external promotion, communication, customer service, data processes, research, analytics, business intelligence, leading operational process mapping and process implementation. Proven experience and expertise with mining data from large databases, specifically large Student Information Systems, e.g. Banner. Proficient in data and trend research using Power BI or other related software, including data analyzing, visualization, presentation using Tableau, Access, Visio, Pardot or related software. Strong technical knowledge of Excel, Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS) or database software. Demonstrated experience with training and guiding others. Ability to work in an environment where a diversity of people and situations are regularly encountered Strong organizational skills and excellent attention to detail and problem-solving skills, ability to work with minimal supervision. Demonstrated commitment in delivering excellent service to others as this is key in supporting the success of our students and our College. Strong communication, collaboration, teamwork, and people skills. Flexibility in adapting to change and in participating in consultative decision-making processes. If you are a George Brown College employee, click here to apply via our internal site. If you are an external candidate, go to www.georgebrown.ca and click on the “Employment at George Brown” link or click on the ‘apply’ button to the left of the posted job to apply. Please ensure your resume highlights all relevant education, training and experience that are applicable to the minimum qualifications for this role. The College requires proof of degrees, credentials or equivalencies from accredited regional or federal post-secondary institutions and/or their international equivalents. Credentials may require validation at the time of interviews. First consideration will be provided to internal candidates in accordance with our Support Staff Collective Agreement. 
ScrapedJobID316:
Conduct quality training at an office and project level. Raise awareness of quality topics and activities in meetings and in external conferences. Hold regular conference calls and online training sessions to educate staff about quality. Facilitate lessons learned and documenting best practices so knowledge is shared and applied. Lead root cause analysis sessions when needed to identify the sources of problems and develop solutions that prevent recurrence. Evaluate consistency and quality of work on projects. Perform audits of work products against project design requirements and known best practices. Participate in QC reviews, peer reviews, and other oversight activities of technical work. Train and mentor project quality managers. Provide oversight and assistance with project quality tasks (e.g. setting up quality processes). Attend meetings with clients, especially quality meetings. Participate in Management Reviews. Lead quality audits of project quality compliance. Help project quality managers respond to Non-Conformance Reports and external audit findings. Help develop scopes, budgets, and schedules for project quality efforts. Review RFP’s, scopes, and project requirements for project quality items. Support risk management activities and offer mitigation strategies. Author quality best practices for Design-Build and mega-projects. Lead regular conference calls with project quality personnel to share ideas and answer questions. Maintain a database of proven quality personnel and their assignments/availability. Create an audit program to monitor quality compliance and to identify areas for improvement. Develop and track quality metrics so progress can be measured. Prepare regular reports to management and act on their requests. Develop a Long Term Quality Plan (vision, mission statement, tactical plans, staffing, budget) for Years 3 and beyond Implement the Long Term Quality Plan developed in Year 2 Work with the HDR Engineering Quality Office, Project Management Office, Policy group, Business Groups, and HDR management teams to coordinate efforts and communicate actions taken. Bring feedback from projects to the Quality Office. Carry the message of quality from management to the project teams. LI-MR1 6+ years in similar consulting industry. 5+ years in specific technical area covered. Deep understanding of QMS fundamentals. Proven skills in the areas of Project management and/or Quality Management projects. Strong verbal and written communication with investigative interview experience, and project and quality management software systems. 4 yr. degree in Professional or Engineering related field. High level of collaboration and self-awareness. Focused on both high level messaging as well as details of process. Must work cooperatively between project manager, project team, and Principal in change to effectively manage quality processes and controls on projects. Must be able to resolve conflicts between vested parties to reach solutions where risk can be mitigated while allowing business to remain flexible/nimble. Must embrace mentoring and coaching of project team members. Strong commitment to enhancing quality culture among technical staff on the project. Embrace the HDR brand promise and values Project quality delivery is paramount in decisions and resolutions Represents HDR commitment to fulfill project responsibilities and obligations to client and internal management stakeholders. Must provide professional and ethical direction for the company and staff. 
ScrapedJobID317:
Evaluate and test software programs to verify that programs function according to their specified requirements following Innomar’s standard procedures Participate in review of standards, procedures, tools and process. Monitor, manage and communicate with product team (developers, business analysts, etc.) on defects Prepare and develop test strategies, test plans and cases Execute test plans and cases and report results per Innomar’s testing guidelines Collaborate with team members to ensure the delivery of high quality products. Work collectively to solve defects Contribute to the growth of the company by advancing skill set, working with the Information Technology team to improve the code base and seeking opportunities to improve the company’s tools and processes. Bachelor’s degree in software or healthcare related field Minimum five (5) years of related and progressively responsible experience in Software Testing or Quality Assurance. Experience in healthcare application testing, pharmacy, healthcare claims or PBM industry is preferred and Electronic Medical Records (EMR) Experience in integration testing with knowledge of healthcare message standards such as HL7, XML, NCPDP and FHIR Experience with automated test tools Experience with API testing is preferred. Hands on experience working with validated systems in a regulated industry Flexible and able to multitask; can work within an ambiguous, fast-moving environment, while also driving toward clarity and solutions; demonstrated resourcefulness in setting priorities. Experience and understanding of the healthcare industry preferred. Ability to communicate strategies and technical information, both orally and in writing, in a manner that establishes understanding for technical audiences. Excellent analytical skills relative to data analysis, data auditing, and data testing – proven familiarity and comfort understanding/utilizing spreadsheets and databases. Analytical skills required to understand customer and operational processes. Proven ability to uncover and interpret stated requirements to develop deep understanding necessary to recommend an optimal technical solution. Strong written and verbal communication and time management skills. The ability to work well within both a large team and individual project teams. Detail-oriented focus on completion of work within budget and timelines. 
ScrapedJobID318:
8 hour shift Computer networking: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID319:
Assess, evaluate, and maintain. You will develop an understanding of our product and how test automation fits into the deployment phase. You will assess our current testing frameworks, tools, and processes. You will make recommendations for improvements and execute those adjustments. Knowledge sharing. You will attend Architecture, Scrum, and Release meetings to understand where, what, and when testing needs to occur. Develop and execute testing strategies. You will design and run functional, integration, regression testing, and automation test frameworks for front and backend functionality. Mentor a team. You will provide technical guidance to 5+ Software Developers in Test (SDTs). Collaborate. You will work with development teams to identify testing needs for their projects and work with business partners to build cross-team test plans. You will ensure holistic testing goals are met with each deployment and release. Be a Testing Automation champion. You will advocate for embedding testing at every stage of the SDLC, nurturing collaboration and information sharing across teams. You will deliver on automation initiatives, best practices, and quality standards. You will proactively identify gaps, tell us what we need, and get it done. The experience. You have 5+ years combined experience in automation testing, building frameworks, and leading technical work on SaaS products. You have expertise designing, planning, and executing manual and automation testing for B2B products in a short cycle CI/CD environment. You are effective at analyzing how product changes affect testing requirements. You have hands-on knowledge of JavaScript testing libraries (or similar) and performance testing tools, as well as GitHub and Jira. The knowledge. You come with your own set of insights, lessons learned, approaches to integrating QA testing across the SDLC, and technologies. You know how to apply your expertise to level up the quality of our feature releases. The passion. You are self-motivated, self-directed, and you are excited at the prospect of working on exciting tech with other friendly and enthusiastic developers and automation testers in an Agile Scrum environment. Total Rewards: We offer a competitive salary and benefits package that reflects the value you bring to Vena. We want you to grow with Vena and celebrate its success with our Employee Stock Option Program (ESOP). We look ahead and invest in your future with our Retirement Savings Matching Program. We also provide comprehensive health benefits through our employer group plan effective from day one. Career Growth: We invest in your job training, professional development, and continuing education and offer an Education Subsidy. Pursue your interests and chart your growth towards a new position on your current team or a new one. Vena had 100+ employee promotions and internal moves to new roles in 2020 - that's almost 30%! 
ScrapedJobID320:
Italien Exécuter et mettre à jour des scénarios de test. Vérifier la qualité de la traduction, ainsi que l'uniformité et la correction du langage employé pour les produits et jeux conformément aux spécifications fournies . Signaler les erreurs selon les exigences du projet. Effectuer des analyses de produits approfondies dans le cadre de l'expérience de jeu et de test afin de mieux en comprendre le fonctionnement, de recueillir de la rétroaction et de fournir des suggestions d'amélioration. Acquérir une connaissance des méthodologies de test et du marché du jeu vidéo. Partager vos connaissances avec les autres membres de l'équipe de test. Accomplir les tâches administratives assignées par le superviseur. Effectuer d'autres activités nécessaires à l'exécution de travail conformément
aux instructions du superviseur. Suivre les procédures associées à l'emploi. Aptitudes de rédaction et de communication dans l'une des langues cibles Une année d'expérience en localisation ou en localisation de jeux vidéo Bonne connaissance du marché du jeu vidéo et des méthodologies de test, et passion pour ce domaine Capacité à bien communiquer en anglais Études dans le domaine des langues ou de la technologie de préférence Bonne maîtrise du suivi des tests d'assurance qualité, des outils de localisation et de MS Office Excellentes aptitudes en communication Accès et participation à l'un des jeux sur ordinateur les plus populaires au monde. Accès au matériel et aux logiciels utilisés aux fins du projet. Accès aux fichiers du projet et droits d'administrateur. Occasion de travailler avec un chef de file mondial en croissance dans les services liés aux jeux vidéo. Accès aux toutes dernières technologies des jeux vidéo. Possibilité de contribuer à bâtir la meilleure organisation en matière de test au monde. Travail au sein d'une équipe créative et dans un environnement convivial. Perspectives de perfectionnement professionnel dans un environnement multiculturel : Lionbridge compte des bureaux dans plus de 20 pays, et ces bureaux collaborent régulièrement sur des projets, ce qui fait découvrir à nos employés toutes sortes de cultures et de méthodes de travail. Accès à une plateforme de formation. Italian Execution and updates of test cases. Testing product/game translation quality, consistency and language correctness according to given specifications. Reporting bugs in line with project requirements. In-depth product analysis as part of playing and testing for better understanding of its functioning and gathering feedback, providing suggestions for product improvements. Acquiring knowledge on testing methodologies and video game market. Sharing knowledge with other members of testing team. Performing administrative tasks assigned by the supervisor. Performing other activities necessary for the proper conduct of work in accordance with the
supervisor's instructions. Observing procedures related to the job. Have native writing and speaking abilities in one of the target languages Have 1 year of experience in Localization or Game Localization Have good knowledge and passion of video game market and testing methodologies Have communicative English Preferred education - in languages or technology Have good command of test tracking, support tools and MS Office Have excellent communication skills Access/make impact to one of the most played PC games in the world Access to hardware and software used for the purposes of the project Access to project files with administrative rights. Opportunity to work with a fast-growing global leader in Games services. Access to the latest gaming technology Opportunity to help us build the best global testing organization Work in a creative team and friendly environment. Professional development opportunities in a multi-cultural environment- Lionbridge has offices in over 20 countries and many of these offices work collaboratively on projects, exposing our employees to a wide range of cultures and work styles. Access to training platform. 
ScrapedJobID321:
CGI is looking for a Quality Assurance Test Integrator to participate in diverse projects within multidisciplinary teams using the Agile methodology. High-level challenges and a rewarding career await, are you ready? 
ScrapedJobID322:
Establish relationships with the team members Gain a good understanding of the OpenText/Carbonite Server backup product suite Understand and be able to develop portions of new features with unit, integrate and functional tests Work with quality assurance resources to become proficient at automated testing Participate and contribute on a collaborative agile team In-depth understanding of OpenText/Carbonite Server backup product suite. Analyze and address complex issues in the backend to provide robust functionalities Work with product management to understand requirements and propose appropriate designs Develop solid knowledge of continuous integration environment Propose enhancements to internal processes and application stack Make decisions with defined parameters and can impact schedules and deliverables of the project Make decisions using professional/technical knowledge, guided by known practices and precedents Help promote an effective team environment Provide occasional project guidance to others on specific problems Be able to articulate/defend an informed opinion on important topics Logical thinking to resolve a problem Lateral and out of the box thinking to find new solutions Have strong problem-solving abilities, are an excellent communicator and strong team/collaborative work ethic. Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science or equivalent Experience with C# .Net, ASP.NET Experience Java scripts with focus on ReactJs and AngularJs Have good knowledge with MS SQL Server and SQL Exposure to security in web applications is an asset Agile development processes exposure is an asset Git/Github experience is an asset 
ScrapedJobID323:
Work directly with other members of the CoreLogic | Symbility Property Quality Assurance Team to develop an in-depth knowledge of the software sold by CoreLogic | Symbility Property Convert business requirements/design documentation to construct test plans, design and execute both manual and automated test cases/scripts for complete modules and/or workflows that will determine optimal application performance according to specifications to ensure no defective products are moved to production Work closely with software developers to develop test specifications and build test cases/scripts to rigorously test product functionality and investigate all potential product test failures Ensure quality and statistical analysis of current production concerns and processes for designated programs Define data quality standards and implements tools to support quality Raise timely awareness about any discovered issues and works collaboratively with members of other related departments and suppliers to develop remedies Respond to client concerns and/or contractual requirements as it relates to the quality of the software products Ensure audit process is implemented on projects in accordance with approved quality procedures Provide recommendations for improvement Communicate application defects in a clear and concise manner Bug fix verification and validation Assist with other activities as assigned, required to support the business Demonstrated knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) Strong understanding and hands on experience with QA processes and methodologies, with an emphasis on Agile Experience with QA testing on web-based and client server applications Experience with QA testing on iOS and Android applications Computer savvy, with the ability to learn new software quickly and with ease Strong verbal and written communication skills Ability to think abstractly with an “outside the box” approach to testing Attentive to detail, with developed analytical skills, and a scientific approach to problem solving Ability to prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment Ability to focus on deadlines and deliverables Strong verbal and written communication skills Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment Good time management skills 3-5 years previous experience in a Software Quality Assurance Tester position or equivalent 3-5 years of test plan design, maintenance and developing test cases based upon system specifications documentation 3-5 years manual functional/regression testing design and execution experience 3-5 years experience creating and executing automated test scripts Bachelor Degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent work experience Familiar with programming languages, and general knowledge of .NET, ASP.NET and AngularJS Experience with Atlassian JIRA and JIRA Plugins is an asset Experience with QA testing on iOS and Android Experience with Katalon Studio and Postman Familiar with Mercurial Full health, dental, life benefits Paid vacation 
ScrapedJobID324:
Connaissance des technologies de l’information LAN/WAN (Ethernet, VLAN, IP) et Metro Ethernet (MEF) Aptitudes en programmation Python Aptitudes à synthétiser les systèmes à mettre à l’essai Souci du détail et esprit critique Esprit d’équipe, débrouillardise et autonomie Familiarisation avec Linux Familiarisation avec les outils d’analyse de protocoles réseaux tels que Wireshark, tcpdump, etc. Habilité à communiquer en français et en anglais Interactions avec les diverses disciplines de la R&D : Hardware, FPGA, Software, etc. Unités de test disponibles à chaque poste de travail Stationnement gratuit et circuits d’autobus desservant le Technoparc de Saint-Laurent Activités sociales favorisant les interactions avec les employés des autres équipes Café à volonté et mercredis bagels! Knowledge of LAN and WAN networking technologies (Ethernet, VLAN, IP) and Metro Ethernet (MEF) Programming skills in Python Ability to synthesize the systems under test Attention to details in order to continually improve the quality of the products Team player, resourceful and open minded Familiarity with Linux Familiarity with protocol analyzers such as Wireshark, tcpdump, etc. Ability to communicate in French and English Daily interactions with various R&D profiles such as Hardware, FPGA, Software, etc. Test units available on every desk Free parking and bus routes serving the Technoparc in Saint-Laurent Social activities promoting interactions with employees from other teams Free coffee and bagels on Wednesdays! 
ScrapedJobID325:
Tchèque Exécuter et mettre à jour des scénarios de test. Vérifier la qualité de la traduction, ainsi que l'uniformité et la correction du langage employé pour les produits et jeux conformément aux spécifications fournies . Signaler les erreurs selon les exigences du projet. Effectuer des analyses de produits approfondies dans le cadre de l'expérience de jeu et de test afin de mieux en comprendre le fonctionnement, de recueillir de la rétroaction et de fournir des suggestions d'amélioration. Acquérir une connaissance des méthodologies de test et du marché du jeu vidéo. Partager vos connaissances avec les autres membres de l'équipe de test. Accomplir les tâches administratives assignées par le superviseur. Effectuer d'autres activités nécessaires à l'exécution de travail conformément
aux instructions du superviseur. Suivre les procédures associées à l'emploi. Aptitudes de rédaction et de communication dans l'une des langues cibles Une année d'expérience en localisation ou en localisation de jeux vidéo Bonne connaissance du marché du jeu vidéo et des méthodologies de test, et passion pour ce domaine Capacité à bien communiquer en anglais Études dans le domaine des langues ou de la technologie de préférence Bonne maîtrise du suivi des tests d'assurance qualité, des outils de localisation et de MS Office Excellentes aptitudes en communication Accès et participation à l'un des jeux sur ordinateur les plus populaires au monde. Accès au matériel et aux logiciels utilisés aux fins du projet. Accès aux fichiers du projet et droits d'administrateur. Occasion de travailler avec un chef de file mondial en croissance dans les services liés aux jeux vidéo. Accès aux toutes dernières technologies des jeux vidéo. Possibilité de contribuer à bâtir la meilleure organisation en matière de test au monde. Travail au sein d'une équipe créative et dans un environnement convivial. Perspectives de perfectionnement professionnel dans un environnement multiculturel : Lionbridge compte des bureaux dans plus de 20 pays, et ces bureaux collaborent régulièrement sur des projets, ce qui fait découvrir à nos employés toutes sortes de cultures et de méthodes de travail. Accès à une plateforme de formation. Czech Execution and updates of test cases. Testing product/game translation quality, consistency and language correctness according to given specifications. Reporting bugs in line with project requirements. In-depth product analysis as part of playing and testing for better understanding of its functioning and gathering feedback, providing suggestions for product improvements. Acquiring knowledge on testing methodologies and video game market. Sharing knowledge with other members of testing team. Performing administrative tasks assigned by the supervisor. Performing other activities necessary for the proper conduct of work in accordance with the
supervisor's instructions. Observing procedures related to the job. Have native writing and speaking abilities in one of the target languages Have 1 year of experience in Localization or Game Localization Have good knowledge and passion of video game market and testing methodologies Have communicative English Preferred education - in languages or technology Have good command of test tracking, support tools and MS Office Have excellent communication skills Access/make impact to one of the most played PC games in the world Access to hardware and software used for the purposes of the project Access to project files with administrative rights. Opportunity to work with a fast-growing global leader in Games services. Access to the latest gaming technology Opportunity to help us build the best global testing organization Work in a creative team and friendly environment. Professional development opportunities in a multi-cultural environment- Lionbridge has offices in over 20 countries and many of these offices work collaboratively on projects, exposing our employees to a wide range of cultures and work styles. Access to training platform. 
ScrapedJobID326:
Use leading edge technologies to produce n-tier enterprise applications. Analyze functional specifications and create and document technical designs. Develop high-quality code that meets our product specifications and technical standards. Conduct unit testing and assist Quality Assurance staff to successfully complete QA and integration testing. Provide technical guidance and assistance to team members. Meet critical project deadlines, doing whatever it takes. Provide second-level support to internal staff members and clients as required. Visual Studio 2013-2019, .NET and C# are a must (experience with version 4.5 or later is required) Working experience with WPF/MVVM building desktop applications will be considered an asset. Must have ORM experience. Knowledge of Entity Framework 6.x will be considered an asset. Must have working experience with MS-SQL Server, T-SQL and Stored Procedures. Dependency Injection, Unit Testing, TDD, WCF, Team Foundation Server, MS Reporting Services and Windows Workflow Foundation are assets Good understanding of MS-SQL, T-SQL, Stored Procedures; Familiarity with CLR assemblies is an asset Minimum of Bachelor Degree in Computer Science or related field is required. Minimum 2 to 5 years of software development experience with above technologies/frameworks. Experience with Kanban methodology, continuous integration and TDD. Proven prior work experience developing large and complex applications. Relational database-driven and n-tier application development experience. Solid understanding of and experience with the software development life cycle. Self-starter that can work in an agile environment with little oversight and direction. Pride and craftsmanship in the work that you do. 
ScrapedJobID327:
Analyze user stories with a functional analysist and the design with a software architect. Develop solutions from the backlog of user stories (both Backend and Frontend). Ensure the product is up to quality standards & implement improvements requested by QA, UAT and customer feedback (Feedback loop). Participate in the production launch for aeronautics industry customers based worldwide. Follow a combination of both Agile (Daily) and Waterfall (Strategic Plan) methodologies. React.js CSS NodeJS TypeScript JAVA NextJS MySQL / MariaDB PostgreSQL AWS S3 Integration GitHub JIRA CI/CD Process Linux Docker Technologies AWS Cloud Technologies 
ScrapedJobID328:
provide geoscientific/ecological expertise for geospatial analysis using remote sensing and GIS procedures through digital image interpretation, object based image analysis, programming and database development in support of landscape analysis and reporting create spatial data layers by conducting advanced image interpretation of terrestrial ecological features using high resolution imagery and point cloud data provide expertise for relational database (RDBMS) and other database designs employ information management strategies and methods to help create a publicly accessible multi-scale integrated database update ArcGIS geodatabases with contextual information that describe ecological features and/or landscape changes provide continual collaboration with colleagues and senior staff produce robust product metadata and project documentation/manuals as required You have knowledge of remote sensing theory and applications (i.e. false colour image composites, the electromagnetic spectrum, image enhancements, land cover classification methods, change detection, vegetation indices and elevation/terrain indices). You have extensive knowledge of GIS, statistical and remote sensing software (proprietary and open source). You have knowledge of geomatics theory and practices including, programming, python scripting, model building and analysis, geospatial referencing systems, spatial data integration, SQL querying and reporting, statistical sampling techniques, error analysis, spatial data models and database design, quality assurance, visual representation for map and graph production. You have knowledge of GPS, mobile field technologies and their application as tools to display and collect geospatial data in the field. You have knowledge of Cloud-based storage and computing technologies. You have knowledge of geoscientific and ecological principles in one or more of the following disciplines: physical geography/ecology/biology/forestry. You have knowledge of descriptive statistics (e.g. frequency distribution, mean, median, mode, range, standard deviation), correlation and regression. You have knowledge of natural resource management programs and related inventory, monitoring and assessment frameworks. You have knowledge of artificial intelligence and machine learning techniques used in remote sensing. You can trouble shoot software technical issues and provide alternative solutions, so that project methodology can be applied. You can determine complex landscape changes by analyzing multi-date imagery and consulting with experts and authoritative data sources. You can determine boundaries of ecological features that are a best fit of geoscientific principles, orthophotography signatures and the incorporation of existing data products, such as GPS collected field data and other contextual spatial data sets. You can develop multi-tiered spatial data models providing ecological mapping at coarse and fine scale mapping that accurately describe land scape changes and/or ecological features by updating ArcGIS geodatabases records adhering to topological data standards and other quality assurance and quality control standards. You have proven time management skills to ensure project tasks and interpreted map products are completed on-time and documented via project status reports. You have work experience that demonstrates your ability to work on a variety of project tasks simultaneously. You have well developed interpersonal skills to work effectively in a team environment. You have communications skills to provide team and partners with project updates showing reports, maps and/or statistical trend analysis. 1 Permanent, 300 Water St, Peterborough, East Region or 875 Gormanville Rd, North Bay, North Region or 5520 Hwy 101 E, South Porcupine, North Region or 421 James St S, Thunder Bay, North Region or 1235 Queen St E, Sault Ste Marie, North Region Effective October 1, 2021, the OPS COVID-19 Safe Workplace Directive requires all Ontario Public Service employees to provide proof they are fully vaccinated, meaning they are fully vaccinated as defined by the Ministry of Health (refer to: COVID-19 Fully Vaccinated Status in Ontario), including 14 calendar days have passed since receiving their final dose of the COVID-19 vaccine.


Employees who do not provide proof of full vaccination will be deemed ‘not vaccinated' under the Directive and will be required to attend a vaccine education program and undergo regular rapid antigen testing. Employees who are not vaccinated under the policy with a valid medical exemption will not be required to attend a vaccine education program, but must undergo regular rapid antigen testing. 
ScrapedJobID329:
Run quality assurance test cases for our online tools to ensure they are compatible on all platforms and in all situations Participate in implementing solutions architecture and technical design of the QA automation framework and test scripts Participate in the selection of tools and technologies used for QA automation Responsible for maximizing the maintainability and extensibility of implementation logic Create and review test approach documents, estimated automation ROI, time estimation and test scenarios for assigned features Implement and maintain automated test scripts to ensure that features are adequately covered by automated tests Perform automation code reviews and code merges, ensuring that we are adhering to departmental standards in our automated code Ensure Software Quality Assurance Standards are being met throughout the product lifecycle, be an active participant in agile ceremonies Consistently provide status reports detailing progress against objectives Highlight issues/risks to project lead or manager for resolution Participate in sharing knowledge, feedback, and ideas - teaching and learning, it’s a two-way street that leads down the road to improvement (pun intended) Passionate about quality and want to deliver nothing but the best work Positive and personable - we're all tackling these challenges together! Able to communicate with clarity and brevity Known for your meticulous attention to detail Enthusiastic and eager to contribute in any way you can Curious, consistently looking for better ways to do things and willing to learn about emerging technologies Committed to mastery and craftsmanship in your work Interested in consumer behavior and online retail Extremely organized, with good time management Experience with different operating systems and web browsers Able to collaborate well and work cohesively with multiple groups Understanding of coding fundamentals such as HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Experience with automating QA tests Experience with virtualization (e.g. Docker) Experience with third party testing tools (e.g. Sauce Labs, Browserstack) IT troubleshooting and/or networking skills Account administration 
ScrapedJobID330:
0-3 years experience in a related field working in C/C++ coding-based applications or other high-level languages and knowledge in the design of automation script languages. Knowledge in debugging software on either PC host platforms or embedded hardware using debuggers, emulators, etc. Familiarity with the design of network applications and ability to work in a collaborative group setting. BA or BS (college graduate), preferred or a Technical School or Certificate is required. Travel: Occasional, as required. 
ScrapedJobID331:
Partner closely with product managers, designers, analysts., and other engineers to build innovative solutions Lead architectural discussions to improve our tech stack Lead and mentor development team Solution key projects and initiatives while weighing constraints and value Evangelize best practices and come up with new solutions to improve our quality and excellence initiatives Work closely with cross-functional stakeholders to make collaboration better between different teams Deliver high-quality and maintainable code using test-driven methodologies Monitor and maintain critical applications, services, and products BS/MS degree, preferably in a Computer Science or related field 5+ Years Tech Lead experience with strong hands on experience in JavaScript or Java Minimum 6 years total experience delivering enterprise class JavaScript web applications and services, with at least 5 most recent years working with Node.js and React.js Deep familiarity with JavaScript and server side JavaScript frameworks such as NodeJS Hands on Programming expertise in Java/J2EE with a specific focus on large scale distributed systems Experience with remote data via RESTful APIs and JSON Solid understanding of concepts like Web Services, SOA, REST APIs, Message Queue, Graph QL, Distributed/Scalable Architecture Passion for designing and engineering rich user interfaces. Disciplined approach to testing and quality assurance Hands-on knowledge of version control systems such as GIT Ability to think logically, diagnose/triage, and make decisions Bias towards action, driven to execute and follow through 
ScrapedJobID332:
Experience with DevOps and CI/CD related technologies Experience with C#, Python, and command-line scripting SCM experience with Git solutions, Bitbucket, GitHub, or GitLab Experience with test automation frameworks like NUnit, Pytest, and Selenium WebDriver Experience with building test frameworks or infrastructure 
ScrapedJobID333:

ScrapedJobID334:
Selenium, Robot, ALM and UFT experience Trade Finance specific business knowledge. Provides guidance on reviewing, evaluating and driving requirements for testability to ensure review processes are adhered to. Recommends and implements solutions based on analysis of issues and implications for the business. Identifies emerging issues and trends to inform decision-making. Leads initiatives. Able to coordinate resources and manage problems to resolution when necessary. Conducts independent analysis and assessment to resolve strategic issues. Supports the execution of strategic initiatives in collaboration with internal and external stakeholders. Monitors and tracks performance, and addresses any issues. Breaks down strategic problems, and analyses data and information to provide insights and recommendations. Manages and leads the development and implementation of complete test strategies. Designs and supports the implementation of best-in-class testing strategies for complex solutions, across multiple platforms and businesses/groups. Performs analysis of test results and prepares comprehensive subsystem and/or system level evaluation reports which verify and validate system performance. Creates discrepancy reports and performs integration regression testing to verify/validate incorporated fixes to software, components, subsystems and systems. Reviews, evaluates, and derives requirements for testability. Designs, develops, executes, and maintains testing strategies and plans to ensure stability and efficiency, enabling a seamless customer experience. Executes and verifies test cases as part of the overall functional testing of Information Technology products as well as reporting defects and test results to the stakeholders. Recommends approaches to streamline and integrate technological processes and systems in the organization to improve overall efficiency and improve the bank. Ensures the accuracy and consistency of test results through documentation processes. Follows BMO’s SDLC process. Communicates the overall quality of a deliverable and ensures metrics are used to drive delivery and identify any areas of concern. Participates in programs/projects across the enterprise. Participates as an active stakeholder in every initiative, driving quality based on fact-based metrics. Ensures development teams’ unit testing practices are in place and confirms core criteria met prior to integrated testing delivery. Proactively provides improvement opportunities to the team to enhance the customer experience. Drives the testing automation capabilities. Identifies opportunities to strengthen the quality assurance capability, such as: sharing expertise to promote technical development, mentoring employees, building communities of practice and networks. Stays abreast of industry technical and business trends through participation in professional associations, practice communities & individual learning. Focus is primarily on business/group within BMO; may have broader, enterprise-wide focus. Provides specialized consulting, analytical and technical support. Exercises judgment to identify, diagnose, and solve problems within given rules. Works independently and regularly handles non-routine situations. Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed.
Qualifications: Typically, 4-7 years of work experience in IT or business environment and/or BS/BA or MBA/MS in computer science, engineering, information systems, math or business. Knowledge of the SDLC, testing concepts, methodologies, metrics, automated testing frameworks and BMO documentation standards. Understanding of BMO applications and infrastructure components. Problem solving skills including the ability to troubleshoot and identify problem areas throughout testing. Collaborate well with others. Ability to translate technical concepts into easy to understand terms. Able to analyze data and use testing metrics to highlight improvement opportunities. Deep knowledge and technical proficiency gained through extensive education and business experience. Verbal & written communication skills - In-depth. Collaboration & team skills - In-depth. Analytical and problem solving skills - In-depth. Influence skills - In-depth. Data driven decision making - In-depth. 
ScrapedJobID335:
Responsible for overall test strategy for automation on platform which includes insight on automated testing tools, architecture/frameworks, techniques, coding languages, and methodologies Work with knowledge of Selenium WebDriver, SoapUI Pro, Visual Studio and J-Runner to create automation scripts Design, develop, debug, execute and maintain complex automation testing scripts using various testing tools Work and guide with multiple scripting & development languages and SQL’s/Db’s Lead onshore and offshore test teams in the delivery of the Test planning, Test preparation and Test execution activities in adherence to the FCT standards Coordinate necessary and assigned testing resources to ensure project timelines and deliverables are met Responsible for identification and implementation of QA process improvements Articulate the progress of automation clearly and chair the automation status calls to communicate status of initiatives in platform Identify testing risks across projects/releases, escalate to management and provide testing solutions/processes to mitigate the risks Collaborate and communicate with internal and external teams of FCT, on initiatives, resolution of issues and risk mitigation strategies Coach new colleagues and participate in knowledge transfer Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Computer Science, or similar discipline 10 years of QA experience, with at least 5 years of experience with leading teams 5+ years of automation testing experience as an automation engineer and architect in Selenium: C# is preferred Previous experience testing API services using SoapUI/ RestUI is a plus Knowledge of DevOps or Agile Continuous Integration is an asset Working knowledge of any Source Code control software (TFS) Ability to manage multiple priorities, while providing excellent customer service Proven problem solving skills with the ability to troubleshoot technical problems Excellent verbal and written communication skills Self-motivated, innovative and analytical with attention to details Technical leadership / coach / mentor / provide guidance Comprehensive benefits that include virtual healthcare and an Employee & Family Assistance Program Group retirement savings plan with company match Paid holidays and generous paid time off Paid volunteer opportunities and charitable donation matching Employee recognition programs that include referral incentives Potential for performance-based incentives The opportunity to participate in our stock purchase plan And more! As per terms of the employment agreement 
ScrapedJobID336:

ScrapedJobID337:
Implementing the approved and standard testing methodology using the approved and standard testing tools Working with project management to meet the testing milestones and deliver high-quality solutions on time and on budget Working with systems analysts, developers, architects, business operations and project managers to create, maintain, track and adjust testing objectives and plans Contributing to project risk assessment, risk tracking items and risk mitigation actions. Defining and documenting test strategies, test plans, and estimates on testing effort Consulting with stakeholders and the project team on the design and implementation of testing activities that satisfy the test strategy and ensure sustainable product quality throughout the SDLC Providing advice on all aspects and types of testing including establishing metrics, applying industry best practices, and maximizing utilization of testing tools and processes to ensure quality goals are met Scheduling and tracking testing progress Communicating testing assignments, status, activities and risks Leading the identification, development, documentation and review of test scenarios, test scripts, test cases and test data Calculating and managing traceability and test coverage Coordinating and overseeing the execution and maintenance of test scenarios, test scripts, and test cases for products under development Coordinating bug triage, reporting on overall application/project health and intercede, when appropriate, with remediation efforts Creating a collaborative partnership with the Requirements, Development, Infrastructure, Project Leads and other project participants and actively engage in sprint activities, status meetings, etc. Coordinating and overseeing Business Acceptance Testing to validate the end to end business flow Defining the automation test strategy and approach for applicable products Leading the development and maintenance of automation framework guidelines and coding standards and driving consistent automated testing practices Coordinating the review of automation code created by automation testers to ensure compliance with coding standards. Tracking project execution, e.g., percent system test complete through analysis of total test cases planned versus test cases executed, successful and failed test cases execution Providing progress and status of all aspects of testing Leading, collaborating, and mentoring testing team members; sharing domain and technical knowledge with the rest of the team to continually expand the overall group capabilities Participating in the planning of deployments of enhancements, upgrades and major implementations and acting as key point of contact for testing aspects, providing testing services and coordinating testing resources internally and externally during releases and deployments Supporting the Production Support teams in addressing and mitigating production issues Identifying opportunities for test process improvement opportunities; looking for continuous improvement that delivers value for the external customer Establishing and maintaining a professional relationship with team members and stakeholders Aiding co-workers ensuring adherence to company policies and procedures. Providing support in problem resolution to resolve issues in an accurate, timely and professional manner. Escalating work flow and communication issues appropriately Treating all internal and external customers and team members with dignity and respect Providing guidance to coworkers on best practices and lessons learned. Bachelor’s degree with a major in Information Technology, Computer Science, or Engineering, or related field or equivalent experience Relevant experience in areas of software testing including functional testing, user acceptance testing, non-functional testing including performance, usability, accessibility and scalability testing, manual and automated testing, and joint system integration testing Relevant experience in performing regression, connectivity, smoke, exploratory testing Minimum of five (5) years significant experience in a testing role that includes test strategizing, planning and estimation, as well as leading, coordinating and mentoring other test engineers in developing test scenarios and cases from requirements, collaborating with software developers and other test engineers, executing the tests, recording test results, analyzing the results to assist in defect management, and constantly working to improve the process Minimum of seven (7) years significant hands-on software testing experience with solid basic knowledge of quality assurance and quality control practices and methods Minimum of two (2) years significant experience in leading and coordinating test automation implementing automated testing solutions The candidate must:
Have a proven track record of success leading and managing functional and technical software testing teams with a strong sense of quality ownership
Have passion to lead in a role that is 50% hands-on testing and 50% leadership-based
Be able to work both individually and with a team of testers Have a proven track record of success leading and managing functional and technical software testing teams with a strong sense of quality ownership Have passion to lead in a role that is 50% hands-on testing and 50% leadership-based Be able to work both individually and with a team of testers Organization Skills – Extremely organized, capable of overseeing multiple projects with competing priorities; Analytical Skills- Must be comfortable thinking both strategically and tactically working with teams, interpret data and results through critical thinking; Communication Skills – Must possess excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to communicate and collaborate at all levels; including internal and external team members and senior management; Methodology: Experience implementing projects involving various methodologies including agile, traditional waterfall, DEV OPS. Documentation: Experience developing high level test strategy and test plan documents as well as low level tester guides to aid other test engineers in executing test scripts and cases for the specific application components Skills in industry-accepted testing tools. Examples: MicroFocus test suite (CaliberRM, Silk Central Test Manager, StarTeam, SilkTest, Silk Performer, Silk4J, SilkTest Workbench), SmartBear test suite (SOAPUI Pro, Test Complete), etc. Experience in testing web-based applications Technical skills in the following:
Relational and non-relational databases such as Oracle
SQL
Unix/AIX Relational and non-relational databases such as Oracle SQL Unix/AIX Preferred skills and experience:
Business analysis experience
Project leading or management experience
BI Publisher experience
HL7 messaging and transactions
Health insurance or Pharmacy business domain knowledge
ISTQB Certification
Automated browser testing tools
Familiarity with testing cross-browser development applications (such as HTML, XML, CSS, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, Node.JS, Web Services, API testing, etc.).
Mobile testing experience on IOS and Android
Other skills – Working knowledge of and capability with Microsoft Project, Excel, MS Word, PowerPoint, Visio Business analysis experience Project leading or management experience BI Publisher experience HL7 messaging and transactions Health insurance or Pharmacy business domain knowledge ISTQB Certification Automated browser testing tools Familiarity with testing cross-browser development applications (such as HTML, XML, CSS, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, Node.JS, Web Services, API testing, etc.). Mobile testing experience on IOS and Android Other skills – Working knowledge of and capability with Microsoft Project, Excel, MS Word, PowerPoint, Visio Defines appropriate goals Works toward achieving goals Articulates vision and steps for achievement Provides strong leadership Sets a good example Skilled decision-maker, motivator, encourager Acts with integrity and respect, in an open and direct manner Manages performance fairly and firmly Recognizes and rewards accomplishments Encourages our diverse workforce to develop and fully utilize their skills Promotes a challenging work environment, empowering our employees to get the job done Honest Accountable Maintains confidentiality Creative Offers new ideas Risk-taker Amenable to change Understands the balance between our capabilities, the customer’s expectations, and the parameters in which we operate Uses open, honest communication to develop relationships built on trust and mutual respect Seeks to incorporate the experience of our diverse customers Builds relationships through personal credibility, as opposed to formal authority Works to establish and articulate vision Shows creativity when defining solutions Maintains current understanding of technical processes and equipment Uses technology to increase performance and productivity Takes the time to properly plan Data-driven and detail-focused Seeks out opportunities for continuous improvement 
ScrapedJobID338:
Participate in all aspects of testing an e-commerce platform. This includes functional review, planning functional and regression tests, tracking anomalies and reporting results in an Agile environment; Analyze requirements and estimate efforts to test a specific functionality (“User story”); Design functional test cases that verify requirements and validate functionality; Execute all levels of testing, including functional testing, regression testing, smoke testing, exploratory testing and load testing; Report bugs and incidents to the development team (JIRA tool); Collaborate with developers to improve the quality of deliverables and ensure that business needs are met; Create, maintain and complete a growing and robust suite of automated test cases/unit tests, using internal tools and processes; Identify improvement opportunities and recommend solutions to optimize and evolve processes and work methods; Actively contribute to the growth of our product knowledge base and interface with external audiences and internal teams as needed. Good knowledge of automated testing tools (Selenium or others); Knowledge of nUnit; Knowledge of object-oriented programming (OOP); Passionate about the web, e-commerce, online payment solutions, social networks (Facebook, etc.) and online search engines (Google, etc.); Able to work on multiple priorities; Knowledge of the JIRA tool, an asset; Knowledge of Microsoft MS SQL Server—Queries, an asset. Bachelor’s degree or college diploma; Three (3) years of experience in the software quality assurance field; Experience in C#, HTML, Java Script, JQuery and Xpaths; Experience in ERP software testing (Microsoft Dynamics suite, SAP B1, etc.) an asset; Experience working in project management software development teams (SCRUM and Agile methods), an asset. A flexible work schedule (37.5 hours/week) in a friendly and dynamic environment; Possibility of teleworking after the pandemic, no minimum number of days in the office will be imposed; Work equipment provided while working from home; Competitive salaries; Full group insurance plans upon hiring; Stock purchase plan after three (3) months; Minimum 3-week vacation; Paid vacations between Christmas and New Year’s Day; Five sick days; Two personal floating days. 
ScrapedJobID339:
Data Entry Monitor and respond to mail and email daily, and follow up appropriately and in a timely matter Liaises with client contacts on each reported incident to gather information to confirm the accident details. Review incoming WCB / WSIB correspondence and co-ordinate with the Case Manager Quality Assurance Project work Works within a team environment to accomplish departmental goals Other projects and tasks as assigned. Strong level of oral and written communication skills Ability to work within a demanding and fast paced environment Manage priorities and deadlines, and demonstrate flexibility Attention to detail Professionalism Customer service oriented Ability to work independently and demonstrate resourcefulness Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel and Outlook Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Benefits administration: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID340:
Consult with PGME Office to understand PGME business processes and data and reporting needs and obtain functional requirements. Seek advice and consideration from MedIT team members as required. Design and develop software solutions, ensuring quality assurance standards are met, and developed software has been through all required phases prior to launch, including functional and user testing and peer review. Analyze business need requirements, research issues and bugs as needed, and identify innovative and effective technical solutions leveraging existing systems (DalMedix, Microsoft 365, etc.) and implement them to meet PGME requirements. Coordinate projects, liaise with stakeholders, ensure that user requirements are addressed, and target deadlines are met throughout project development and implementation. Communicate system changes to affected users, answer questions, provide user walkthroughs and appropriate system documentation. 
ScrapedJobID341:
Work within an Agile and/or Waterfall environment to identify any issues with product/testing requirements. Prepare / assist with preparation of all prescribed QA artifacts including, but not limited to, master test strategy and plan, functional test plan, QA acceptance plan/sign off, defect tracking report. Prepare and participate in automation, performance, and security testing as required. Participation and / or review of documentation and/or test results in all QA test phases such as requirements validation, Unit, Integration, functional, and regression testing. Develop test cases according to the master test plan. Perform QA testing and report issues as required. Walk through the QA test cases and the QA test plan with the QA Lead prior to execution. Mentor Junior QA Analysts as required. As we are a global professional services company, business travel may be needed. 5+ years of formal testing experience. 3+ years of test automation experience. Strong SQL skills and experience with relational databases. Experience with testing APIs using API testing tools such as Postman. Experience with automated test scripting and implementation using BDD frameworks such as Behat or Cucumber. Experience with Python scripting and Pytest Experience with web application testing (browser compatibility, responsive testing, etc.) Experience with DevOps principles and practices is a plus Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Business Administration, or equivalent experience. Previous experience and knowledge of software quality tools (i.e. test case management, defect management), such as Jira and its family of tools. Experience in developing test plans, writing test scripts, developing use cases, implementing automated testing, governing quality standards, supervising test team activities, vetting and guiding requirements/acceptance criteria, and assisting business users through user acceptance test processes. Knowledge of the quality assurance discipline, the defect lifecycle management processes, and the software commonly used for test planning and defect tracking (Jira, Bugzilla, etc.) Platforms used: Windows, MacOS, Android/iOS mobile OS Experienced with scripting languages: HTML, PHP, Java, JavaScript. Proactive in raising potential risks/concerns Ability to multitask effectively on multiple projects and provide leadership Ability to identify potential risks and communicate to project leadership team Formal software testing training or certification. Ability to take ownership of tasks and projects assigned with minimal supervision. Highly collaborative and dynamic. Results oriented and creative problem solving skills. Client centric and responsive. Clear, concise and articulate in communications. Interested in business travel. 
ScrapedJobID342:
You’re a born leader, mentor and team builder who can inspire your team to help execute a strategic vision. Stressful situations? High pressured decisions? No problem! You perform extraordinarily in these types of situations, making rational decisions and taking appropriate actions. Your secret weapons are your industry knowledge, life lessons learned from your years in the underwriting business and your thoughtful leadership. Integrity and a strong work ethic? You’ve got ‘em in spades! You’re a great communicator, but you understand the value of being a good listener too. You may be trained to be alert to any potential risks, but you also believe that everyone deserves a fair shot at being a homeowner — and you’ll explore every avenue and angle when assessing an application. You’re a born analyst and love the idea of digging deep to find every little detail. You’re a mad multi-tasker, able to juggle projects and deadlines with ease. You know how things get done (and how to get others to help you along the way!). You know your stuff when it comes to dealing with credit. You are plugged in to the banking industry and motivated to author new solutions. Report to the Director, National Credit. Coordinate day-to-day underwriting operations for a team of Mortgage Underwriters. Provide guidance to Underwriters on application of underwriting guidelines and procedures Suggest training opportunities for the team. Subject Matter Expert for he mortgage products and processes. Ensures the team has knowledge, resources, and analytical techniques to evaluate and escalate complex issues. Review post-funding review reports and ensure deficiencies in credit quality are addressed with underwriting team, providing additional training when necessary. Responsible for the effective management of the deal queue and mortgage pipeline, ensure SLAs and service standards are achieved. Ensure Credit Quality is maintained through funding process. Escalates gaps in the underwriting quality to Director, National Credit. Keep current on emerging trends/developments and grow knowledge of the business, related tools and techniques. Works with a high sense of urgency and the ability to multitask and is expected to process work volumes within established Quality Standards. Ensure that the level of client satisfaction is maintained at a high level through the funding process. Acts as advocate for the client experience and identities opportunities for efficiencies. Participate as a member of the team, supports a positive work environment that promotes service to the business, quality innovation and teamwork. You have a post-secondary education in a relevant field (e.g. business/commerce, business management, finance, etc.) or a combination of education and experience. You have at least eight years of experience in mortgage underwriting. You have proven experience leading, supervising, and mentoring a team. You have advanced knowledge of OSFI B20 guidelines. You know how to properly analyze land titles, purchase contracts and appraisal reports for inconsistences. You’re proficient knowledge of MS Office suite and other software applications, such as Filogix and Weathview. Competitive salary. Flexible benefits. Outstanding employer-paid Pension Plan. Great AMA discounts. Unlimited learning opportunities. Paid vacation and floater day. 
ScrapedJobID343:
Manage multiple tasks at once, maintaining exceptional quality Collaborate with team members to plan and design new features Investigate, replicate and escalate problems and bugs Execute test procedures on bugs and new features Review requirements analysis Create new product documentation Participate in team meetings and SCRUM Minimum one Development-defined onsite engagement per year University degree; or equivalent combination of education and experience 1+ years QA and/or industry experience Advanced Microsoft Office knowledge Experience with Agile software development, MySQL and with bug tracking tools will be a definitive asset Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to work collaboratively in both a team atmosphere and independently Exceptional attention to detail, outstanding prioritization and organizational skills, including strong project management skills Strong problem-solving skills. Willing to dive into difficult technical issues Flexible, fast learner who thrives in a constantly changing work environment Exceptional time management skills Travel for new dealer installs within Canada and the US up to 2 weeks per quarter may be required. In consequence Covid Vaccination Proof and valid passport and US visa (if applicable) will be a requirement. Occasional Saturday and/or Sunday work may be required (travel) Internal promotion and growth opportunities An education department dedicated to helping you with professional and personal development Free parking Staff events Competitive base salary Great referral bonus Staff discounts with GM, Dell, Goodlife and more. 
ScrapedJobID344:
Conduct needs assessments to determine emerging requirements for staff technical/academic knowledge and skills training in response to new/changing Agency polices/programs. Develop and deliver training programs which include; instructors lesson plans, participants workbooks and assessments and evaluations to determine to determine participants understanding of the material Lead projects for the design and development of training standards, training programs, specific courses, and/or events that meet identified training needs. Provide input to the development of learning measurement and training evaluation methods and tools by assessing learning results, evaluating instructional effectiveness and impact to ensure high quality and effective learning outcomes. Consult/liaise with other departments, regions and subject matter experts to develop/deliver distance education programs to meet corporate mandates, compliance and health & safety requirements. Prepare reports on training programs, recommend purchases for technology used during training programs, monitors expenditures, administers course records/statistics, conducts quality assurance, and prepare training program reports. Frequent overnight and extended travel to locations within Ontario, including to rural and remote areas Adult education principles/practices (e.g. learning needs assessment, program design, development strategies/methods) to lead the planning, development, delivery and evaluation of Agency training programs. Planning and project management methodologies to conduct training program design and development projects. Training and presentation techniques to provide direction/guidance to associate instructors, and provide course instruction to staff and/or external clients Working knowledge and ability to develop and deliver training in multiple platforms including classroom, virtual, e-learning, webinar and other non-classroom formats. Excellent ability to develop curricula that meets technical, operational and legislative certification requirements. Ability to integrate knowledge of policies, legislation, procedures and organizational structure of the Agency. Excellent oral and written communication skills to develop and deliver comprehensive technical and operational training programs, to make presentations and to interact with a variety of internal and external contacts. Interpersonal, problem-solving, project management, analytical and consultation skills to participate on various committees, to facilitate and coordinate comprehensive training programs, and establish effective relationships with internal and external stakeholders while obtaining feedback on learning initiatives and materials and providing guidance to management on meeting legislated training requirements. Proficient in using PC-based/networked software (e.g. word processing, graphics, spreadsheet, e-mail, internet, presentation software) for the production and design of high quality training materials and the development of alternative training methods, including technology-based training. Ability to work effectively in a cross-functional team environment Flexible learning and development opportunities. Opportunities for career advancement and specialization with the largest provider of water and wastewater services in Ontario. Work with the partner of choice for more communities than any other water and wastewater service organization in Ontario for over 25 years. Work with an organization committed to innovation and advanced technology. A defined benefit pension plan; Comprehensive Health Plan; Life and Disability Insurance. Maternity and parental leave top-up benefits including for adoptive parents. 1 Permanent, 2085, Hurontario St, Mississauga, Central Region T-AQ-173503/21

Effective October 1, 2021, the OPS COVID-19 Safe Workplace Directive requires all Ontario Public Service employees to provide proof they are fully vaccinated, meaning they are fully vaccinated as defined by the Ministry of Health (refer to: COVID-19 Fully Vaccinated Status in Ontario), including 14 calendar days have passed since receiving their final dose of the COVID-19 vaccine.


Employees who do not provide proof of full vaccination will be deemed ‘not vaccinated' under the Directive and will be required to attend a vaccine education program and undergo regular rapid antigen testing. Employees who are not vaccinated under the policy with a valid medical exemption will not be required to attend a vaccine education program but must undergo regular rapid antigen testing. 
ScrapedJobID345:
Identifying and mitigating key risks to new development plans Acting as technical designer for new features Working with Gemstone leadership to architect future enhancements to Gemstone’s software products Implementing and enforcing processes consistent with software development best practices Taking accountability for producing high-quality software solutions that meet specific requirements, Co-ordinating with our outsourcing team and working closely with other developers, UX designers, business and systems analysts Identifying areas for modification in existing programs and subsequently developing these modifications Writing and implementing efficient code Developing and enforcing quality assurance procedures Maintaining and upgrading existing systems Degree or diploma in Computer Science 4+ years of software development experience 4+ years of experience developing web applications Experience with C#, SQL, HTML, CSS, Angular, and Typescript is required 1+ years of experience designing software solutions based on client requirements The ability to learn new technologies quickly An analytical mind The ability to communicate complex procedures to other colleagues Commercial and business awareness Good communication skills – both written and verbal Attention to detail and desire to probe further into data Overtime pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Tuition reimbursement Vision care 8 hour shift Overtime C#: 1 year (preferred) Software development: 4 years (preferred) Angular: 1 year (preferred) SQL: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID346:
Ensure effective implementation of QMS processes by monitoring QA systems and advising QA leadership on system performance
provide status reports of quality activities provide status reports of quality activities Create and maintain QA control documentation, analyze data, and generate reports as required by company SOPs and regulatory requirements Assist with document control, records control, non-conforming material, corrective and preventive action, investigating complaints, and more Work with process owners to facilitate effective processes and continuous improvement Audits; Assist QA Manager in internal audit program and external audits and inspections Assisting the QA Manager with administrative functions and processes Ensuring project team adheres to provided timelines and deliverables Communicating plans, actions, risks, and issues with key stakeholders Create and review technical documentation, including project plans, test procedures, and design documents. Develop, review, and maintain metrics and quality audits. Ensures quality and accuracy in day-to-day activities Contribute to many different areas of this exciting homegrown Ottawa business. Other related duties as required or assigned. Post-secondary degree/diploma (or a combination of related education and experience of at least 3 years) 3-6 years of related industry experience, preferably in a regulated environment Experience running core Quality processes including Corrective and Preventive Actions, Non-conformances, Document Control Solid understanding of Quality Management concepts In-depth knowledge of all relevant Quality Management Standards including ISO 13485:2016, ISO 14971:2012, 21 CFR 820, EU MDR, Health Canada Regulations Knowledge of Google Office and Microsoft Office productivity suites. Knowledge of working with Software Development Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Attention to detail and ability to maintain up to date and accurate records Excellent written, verbal, presentation, and collaboration skills Capable of working well individually as well as part of a team Strong work ethic and positive team attitude. Comfortable in a fast-paced, high energy, customer-focused start-up environment It is a mandatory condition of your employment that: (i) you are vaccinated for COVID-19 with vaccines that have been approved by the Government of Canada; (ii) you have received both of your vaccines at least 14 days prior to your start date; and, (iii) you receive any recommended COVID-19 related boosters which are subsequently approved and recommended by the Government of Canada. Note: If you are unable to receive COVID-19 vaccines due to medical or human rights reasons, please let us know so that we can discuss potential accommodations. Prior experience working in a SaMD manufacturing environment using Agile development methodology. 
ScrapedJobID347:
Uncover existing and future issues with our web, mobile apps, and the backend software that powers our bank Collaborate with ambitious software engineers, product owners, and designers on projects such as releases and new features Identify root cause issues of software defects and recommend potential solutions and improvements Build and maintain testing schedules to meet product release dates Plan and build out tools to support test automation Create use cases that will drive both manual and automated tests Communicate software defects to key stakeholders for prioritization Familiarity with the Linux command line / bash Programming and testing skills (we’ll assess you with a Leetcode Easy problem) Aptitude for puzzle solving and/or engineering work with an eye for detail and quality Ability to stay organized and disciplined with multiple competing requests Applicants must be eligible to work in Canada and willing to relocate to Calgary or Winnipeg Adaptable, high-achievers energized by a startup environment Team players who love being part of an agile ecosystem Independent thinkers with a passion for innovation and making a difference Testers with a drive to finish, impress users, and delight customers 
ScrapedJobID348:
Polonais Exécuter et mettre à jour des scénarios de test. Vérifier la qualité de la traduction, ainsi que l'uniformité et la correction du langage employé pour les produits et jeux conformément aux spécifications fournies . Signaler les erreurs selon les exigences du projet. Effectuer des analyses de produits approfondies dans le cadre de l'expérience de jeu et de test afin de mieux en comprendre le fonctionnement, de recueillir de la rétroaction et de fournir des suggestions d'amélioration. Acquérir une connaissance des méthodologies de test et du marché du jeu vidéo. Partager vos connaissances avec les autres membres de l'équipe de test. Accomplir les tâches administratives assignées par le superviseur. Effectuer d'autres activités nécessaires à l'exécution de travail conformément
aux instructions du superviseur. Suivre les procédures associées à l'emploi. Aptitudes de rédaction et de communication dans l'une des langues cibles Une année d'expérience en localisation ou en localisation de jeux vidéo Bonne connaissance du marché du jeu vidéo et des méthodologies de test, et passion pour ce domaine Capacité à bien communiquer en anglais Études dans le domaine des langues ou de la technologie de préférence Bonne maîtrise du suivi des tests d'assurance qualité, des outils de localisation et de MS Office Excellentes aptitudes en communication Accès et participation à l'un des jeux sur ordinateur les plus populaires au monde. Accès au matériel et aux logiciels utilisés aux fins du projet. Accès aux fichiers du projet et droits d'administrateur. Occasion de travailler avec un chef de file mondial en croissance dans les services liés aux jeux vidéo. Accès aux toutes dernières technologies des jeux vidéo. Possibilité de contribuer à bâtir la meilleure organisation en matière de test au monde. Travail au sein d'une équipe créative et dans un environnement convivial. Perspectives de perfectionnement professionnel dans un environnement multiculturel : Lionbridge compte des bureaux dans plus de 20 pays, et ces bureaux collaborent régulièrement sur des projets, ce qui fait découvrir à nos employés toutes sortes de cultures et de méthodes de travail. Accès à une plateforme de formation. Polish Execution and updates of test cases. Testing product/game translation quality, consistency and language correctness according to given specifications. Reporting bugs in line with project requirements. In-depth product analysis as part of playing and testing for better understanding of its functioning and gathering feedback, providing suggestions for product improvements. Acquiring knowledge on testing methodologies and video game market. Sharing knowledge with other members of testing team. Performing administrative tasks assigned by the supervisor. Performing other activities necessary for the proper conduct of work in accordance with the
supervisor's instructions. Observing procedures related to the job. Have native writing and speaking abilities in one of the target languages Have 1 year of experience in Localization or Game Localization Have good knowledge and passion of video game market and testing methodologies Have communicative English Preferred education - in languages or technology Have good command of test tracking, support tools and MS Office Have excellent communication skills Access/make impact to one of the most played PC games in the world Access to hardware and software used for the purposes of the project Access to project files with administrative rights. Opportunity to work with a fast-growing global leader in Games services. Access to the latest gaming technology Opportunity to help us build the best global testing organization Work in a creative team and friendly environment. Professional development opportunities in a multi-cultural environment- Lionbridge has offices in over 20 countries and many of these offices work collaboratively on projects, exposing our employees to a wide range of cultures and work styles. Access to training platform. 
ScrapedJobID349:
(Obligatoire) Maîtrise verbale et écrite du français et de l'anglais - Maîtrise de la langue maternelle ou bilingue Baccalauréat en informatique, génie informatique, génie électrique ou équivalent Plus de 3 ans d'expérience dans les tests d'assurance qualité de logiciels Expérience dans un rôle de test ou de développement dans le cadre d'une organisation de développement de produits qui a livré des produits axés sur le consommateur Expérience démontrée dans les méthodologies de test, expérience avec les outils d'assurance qualité et de développement standard Expérience en automatisation de l'assurance qualité logicielle en travaillant avec une ou plusieurs des technologies suivantes : PHP, CSS, HTML, Java, Java Script, Python, PERL. Expérience démontrée dans la création de rapports d'état basés sur les résultats de l'automatisation Expérimenté dans l'interaction et la coordination des activités de test entre plusieurs équipes. (Mandatory) Verbal and written fluency in French and English - Native or bilingual proficiency Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or equivalent 3+ years of software QA testing experience Experience in a test or development role as part of a product development organization which has delivered consumer oriented products Demonstrated experience in testing methodologies, experience with standard QA and development tools Software QA automation experience working with one or more of the following technologies: PHP, CSS, HTML, Java, Java Script, Python, PERL. Demonstrated experience creating status reports based on automation results Experienced in interacting and coordinating test activities among multiple teams. Définir une méthodologie de test sur différents produits. Analyser les performances du système de l'appareil par rapport aux résultats attendus Élaborer des plans de validation et de test de la qualité pour l'expérience des appareils électroniques grand public, de la preuve de concept à la production en série. Fait preuve de créativité et d'initiative pour améliorer la couverture et l'efficacité des tests de produits Excellentes compétences en communication et capacité à générer et à communiquer des mesures de développement significatives Aisance à communiquer de manière interfonctionnelle et entre les niveaux de gestion dans des contextes formels et informels A l'aise de travailler dans un environnement de travail dynamique, hautement collaboratif et au rythme rapide, en contact étroit avec les équipes de développement et commerciales pour comprendre les exigences de l'entreprise et communiquer les impacts des problèmes, de manière interfonctionnelle et à tous les niveaux de gestion dans des contextes formels et informels. Define a test methodology across different products. Analyze device system performance vs. expected results Develop quality validation and test plans for consumer electronic device experience from proof-of-concept to mass production. Shows creativity and initiative to improve product test coverage and effectiveness Excellent communication skills and the ability to generate and communicate meaningful development metrics Comfortable communicating cross-functionally and across management levels in formal and informal settings Comfortable working in a fast paced, highly collaborative, dynamic work environment, in close contact with development and business teams to understand business requirements and to communicate problem impacts, cross-functionally and across management levels in formal and informal settings. 
ScrapedJobID350:
Conduct quality training at an office and project level. Raise awareness of quality topics and activities in meetings and in external conferences. Hold regular conference calls and online training sessions to educate staff about quality. Facilitate lessons learned and documenting best practices so knowledge is shared and applied. Lead root cause analysis sessions when needed to identify the sources of problems and develop solutions that prevent recurrence. Evaluate consistency and quality of work on projects. Perform audits of work products against project design requirements and known best practices. Participate in QC reviews, peer reviews, and other oversight activities of technical work. Train and mentor project quality managers. Provide oversight and assistance with project quality tasks (e.g. setting up quality processes). Attend meetings with clients, especially quality meetings. Participate in Management Reviews. Lead quality audits of project quality compliance. Help project quality managers respond to Non-Conformance Reports and external audit findings. Help develop scopes, budgets, and schedules for project quality efforts. Review RFP’s, scopes, and project requirements for project quality items. Support risk management activities and offer mitigation strategies. Author quality best practices for Design-Build and mega-projects. Lead regular conference calls with project quality personnel to share ideas and answer questions. Maintain a database of proven quality personnel and their assignments/availability. Create an audit program to monitor quality compliance and to identify areas for improvement. Develop and track quality metrics so progress can be measured. Prepare regular reports to management and act on their requests. Develop a Long Term Quality Plan (vision, mission statement, tactical plans, staffing, budget) for Years 3 and beyond Implement the Long Term Quality Plan developed in Year 2 Work with the HDR Engineering Quality Office, Project Management Office, Policy group, Business Groups, and HDR management teams to coordinate efforts and communicate actions taken. Bring feedback from projects to the Quality Office. Carry the message of quality from management to the project teams. LI-MR1 6+ years in similar consulting industry. 5+ years in specific technical area covered. Deep understanding of QMS fundamentals. Proven skills in the areas of Project management and/or Quality Management projects. Strong verbal and written communication with investigative interview experience, and project and quality management software systems. 4 yr. degree in Professional or Engineering related field. High level of collaboration and self-awareness. Focused on both high level messaging as well as details of process. Must work cooperatively between project manager, project team, and Principal in change to effectively manage quality processes and controls on projects. Must be able to resolve conflicts between vested parties to reach solutions where risk can be mitigated while allowing business to remain flexible/nimble. Must embrace mentoring and coaching of project team members. Strong commitment to enhancing quality culture among technical staff on the project. Embrace the HDR brand promise and values Project quality delivery is paramount in decisions and resolutions Represents HDR commitment to fulfill project responsibilities and obligations to client and internal management stakeholders. Must provide professional and ethical direction for the company and staff. 
ScrapedJobID351:
Improve quality assurance by implementing QA work procedures, best practices, and testing strategies. Responsible for preparing test automation solutions and designing automation frameworks. Work directly with the QA Team to ensure that guidelines and processes are being followed and are providing accurate estimates for all testing efforts. Review product requirements, design specifications, and acceptance criteria to build manual and when necessary automated test strategy. Develop automation strategy to support testing based on the technical analysis, complexity, and reusability. Develop test strategies, test plans & perform test execution based on requirements and design. Collaborate with teams to strategize & align long term solution for test automation. Work to create an environment where QA is part of the whole development cycle. Staying on top of new features and technologies that are incorporated into our product. Assess, troubleshoot, document, upgrade and develop maintenance procedures for systems, and applications software. Evaluate, select, and formulate best usage of test automation tools and future alignment for different products and applications. Bachelor’s degree in engineering, computer science or a similar discipline is preferred. Prefer 5-8 years of experience in debugging and troubleshooting on Linux and Windows platforms with good knowledge of SDLC. Experience with test management and defect reporting tools. Experience with Python and Linux shell scripting or similar scripting languages. Must be experienced working with software running on hardware systems. Experience performing system, integration, load, and stress testing. Experience with both manual and automated testing under Linux and Windows, with strong knowledge of Linux systems. Experience troubleshooting systems and provide detailed analysis. Track record for taking ownership of functional areas of the product. You are comfortable estimating your work across multiple teams. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Must be able to read and work from design and requirements documentation. Ability to work in a dynamic environment with strong time management skills – must be able to balance multiple priorities at once. Strong interpersonal skills interacting with multiple teams, tactfully reporting, debugging, and resolving issues. Take initiative to resolve problems, learn, and share knowledge with the rest of QA team. Must be proactive, be able to work independently and be able to manage workload and expectations. Background in systems networking and/or software development would be an asset. 
ScrapedJobID352:
Evaluate and test software programs to verify that programs function according to their specified requirements following Innomar’s standard procedures Participate in review of standards, procedures, tools and process. Monitor, manage and communicate with product team (developers, business analysts, etc.) on defects Prepare and develop test strategies, test plans and cases Execute test plans and cases and report results per Innomar’s testing guidelines Collaborate with team members to ensure the delivery of high quality products. Work collectively to solve defects Contribute to the growth of the company by advancing skill set, working with the Information Technology team to improve the code base and seeking opportunities to improve the company’s tools and processes. Bachelor’s degree in software or healthcare related field Minimum five (5) years of related and progressively responsible experience in Software Testing or Quality Assurance. Experience in healthcare application testing, pharmacy, healthcare claims or PBM industry is preferred and Electronic Medical Records (EMR) Experience in integration testing with knowledge of healthcare message standards such as HL7, XML, NCPDP and FHIR Experience with automated test tools Experience with API testing is preferred. Hands on experience working with validated systems in a regulated industry Flexible and able to multitask; can work within an ambiguous, fast-moving environment, while also driving toward clarity and solutions; demonstrated resourcefulness in setting priorities. Experience and understanding of the healthcare industry preferred. Ability to communicate strategies and technical information, both orally and in writing, in a manner that establishes understanding for technical audiences. Excellent analytical skills relative to data analysis, data auditing, and data testing – proven familiarity and comfort understanding/utilizing spreadsheets and databases. Analytical skills required to understand customer and operational processes. Proven ability to uncover and interpret stated requirements to develop deep understanding necessary to recommend an optimal technical solution. Strong written and verbal communication and time management skills. The ability to work well within both a large team and individual project teams. Detail-oriented focus on completion of work within budget and timelines. 
ScrapedJobID353:
Work collaboratively in a team environment with Business Analysts, Programmer Analysts, Project Managers, as well as the functional business owners/stakeholders to ensure delivery of a quality application Conduct full analysis of requirements with the appropriate project partners and clarify discrepancies to ensure full understanding of all deliverables Provide effort estimates for testing as part of project initiation and planning Ensures QA-related deliverables meet predefined dates and time lines in accordance with the project plan Create comprehensive testing approach with High Level Test Plans and detailed functional test cases that trace requirements to tests Execute test cases and identify defects for all planned production software and data changes, including production incident fixes Create, maintain and execute automated regression test scripts using tools such as Katalon or Selenium. Create clear supporting evidentiary documents as proof of the test execution and securely archive documents for audit purposes Manage walkthroughs and provide weekly status reporting on test results to the project team Evaluate overall project test results and provide recommendation on production implementation readiness Bachelors degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering or equivalent Knowledge of standard Quality Assurance practices and measures Minimum 2 years of test automation experience is required Financial Services experience an asset Technical Knowledge:
Computer programming skills and database structure knowledge
Katalon, Selenium, JMeter, Jenkins, Bitbucket
JIRA, Zephyr, Rational Team Concert Computer programming skills and database structure knowledge Katalon, Selenium, JMeter, Jenkins, Bitbucket JIRA, Zephyr, Rational Team Concert Good communication skills (Written and Verbal) Strong analytical skills, an investigative attitude and an open mind Canada’s Top 100 Employers (5th consecutive year) 2021 Greater Toronto’s Top Employers (9th consecutive year) 2021 Canada’s Top Family Friendly Employer (4th consecutive year) 2021 Imagine Canada, Caring Company Canada’s Top Employer For Young People 2021 National HR Awards - Best Corporate Social Responsibility Program Award, Venngo Healthy Workplaces Award Workplace Benefits Awards – Health and Wellness Program Canadian Compassionate Companies Award A Canadian Compassionate Company An Imagine Canada Caring Company 
ScrapedJobID354:
Understand client requirements and construct the test cases. Create functional, security, performance, regression and exploratory test cases. Execute test cases and compare to expected results. Report defects and follow up using a ticketing system. Experience with software systems is a must Demonstrate ability to perform formal testing Experience in testing complex systems – functional, performance and security Experience with using software tools and configurations Trouble shooting capabilities Good understanding of SQL databases Familiar with automated tools like Selenium Experience with defect tracking tools like Jira Experience with security testing and security standards Software education is an advantage Ability to adapt to new environments, and the ability to identify, propose and implement changes and improvements Solid analytical and problem solving skills Strong interpersonal and communication skills, both written and verbal Ability to work in a deadline driven, fast-paced environment Formal Computer Science education is an advantage Innovative and creative Independent and self-motivated Enjoys and works well in teams, but also thrives in autonomy Exhibits the important balance of patience and determination that allows entrepreneurial businesses to flourish Organized and thorough Collaborative team player, excited and willing to do what it takes to get the job done' Temporarily due to COVID-19 Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Toronto, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) Quality Assurance: 3 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID355:

ScrapedJobID356:
Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication 
ScrapedJobID357:
Develop product features in LabVIEW Prototype new applications Provide stress testing, benchmark testing and software QA Create and maintain customer-facing documentation Collaborate with team members to provide software solutions 
ScrapedJobID358:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Accurate Team player Organized 
ScrapedJobID359:

ScrapedJobID360:
Perform Quality Control reviews of aircraft Technical Logbooks and Technical Records per company policies and procedures Work with development and maintenance of Aircraft Maintenance Programs including update of maintenance tracking programs Assist with evaluation of Key Performance Indicator data and development of processes to reduce errors Perform corrective actions in coordination with internal and external audits Assists maintenance personnel in administrative matters of airworthiness and inspection in general Review established procedures and submit changes as needed for continued improvement. Review tracking systems for inconsistencies and apply corrective actions as needed Review and audit Technical Libraries and access difficulties to those documents Review and Audit Airworthiness requirements and action inconsistencies accordingly Evaluate and processes trend monitoring, oil analysis and oil consumption requests and reports Address technical issues raised by the Maintenance team related to software and systems access Assist with and perform Technical Records functions as required Assist with and facilitate the implementation of continuous improvement programs 5+ years of aviation/maintenance experience or related aviation training Previous Technical Record processing and Quality Control or auditing experience preferred. Familiarity with Aircraft Maintenance Programs (AMPs) and tracking software preferred. Familiarity with Transport Canada Aviation regulations and standards. Familiarity with Transport Canada Aviation regulations and standards. Familiarity with Transport Canada and/or aviation-related technical manuals and documents. Proven proficiency in the MS Office suite; working knowledge of RAAS would be an asset Strong verbal and written communication skills Exceptional attention to detail. Ability to manage high volumes of documentation and paperwork on a daily basis Strong data entry skills with exceptional attention to detail Must be fully vaccinated and provide valid COVID-19 vaccination record (unless you have a legitimate recognized medical or religious reason for not getting vaccinated) 
ScrapedJobID361:
Participates in benefits implementation and service enhancement projects using technology tools and techniques employed by Lifeworks Provide maintenance and support services to Lifeworks existing clients and benefits administrative teams Works under the supervision of senior members of a team and takes the initiative to get assistance when required Performs analysis of business requirements and produces configuration designs as required Sets high standards for own work and ensure high-quality outcomes are achieved Prepares project estimates and schedules of project activities as required Work as a member of the benefits implementation team configuring Lifeworks proprietary software to meet the requirements of our new and existing clients. Sets realistic and achievable expectations for deliverables Ensures effective work habits including quality, punctuality, responsiveness and accessibility to others Takes initiative to ensure the required number of billable hours is achieved Provides timely feedback to team members on matters related to configuration and team interaction Works effectively as a member of the Benefits Implementation Team Promotes teamwork and collegiality in the work environment Observes the corporate values of Lifeworks Promotes Lifeworks as the service provider of choice in the industry Attends internal training sessions to build knowledge of industry topics and trends Assists with special projects and other tasks, as required Bachelor’s degree in IT or equivalent work experience 5-7 years of experience in IT or system configuration/implementation Technical experience with ASP, ASP.NET, HTML, JavaScript, SQL and MS SQL Server We use a proprietary object-oriented configuration tool so experience using a config tool rather than starting with a blank screen is preferable Experience in SQL is mandatory, bonus if they have used MS SQL Server Management Studio H&W Benefits and/or Payroll experience is strongly preferred It is preferable if they have a background in some sort of programming. The language is not a big factor, but they need to understand the underlying concepts They will need to be able to read and interpret technical documentation They will need to be able to review logs and debug processing Dedicated team player who demonstrates initiative and independence Excellent communication, organizational and interpersonal skills Excellent time management skills and the ability to manage multiple assignments Reliable, consistent, flexible and adaptable. 
ScrapedJobID362:
Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication 
ScrapedJobID363:
Develop product features in LabVIEW Prototype new applications Provide stress testing, benchmark testing and software QA Create and maintain customer-facing documentation Collaborate with team members to provide software solutions 
ScrapedJobID364:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Accurate Team player Organized 
ScrapedJobID365:

ScrapedJobID366:
Perform Quality Control reviews of aircraft Technical Logbooks and Technical Records per company policies and procedures Work with development and maintenance of Aircraft Maintenance Programs including update of maintenance tracking programs Assist with evaluation of Key Performance Indicator data and development of processes to reduce errors Perform corrective actions in coordination with internal and external audits Assists maintenance personnel in administrative matters of airworthiness and inspection in general Review established procedures and submit changes as needed for continued improvement. Review tracking systems for inconsistencies and apply corrective actions as needed Review and audit Technical Libraries and access difficulties to those documents Review and Audit Airworthiness requirements and action inconsistencies accordingly Evaluate and processes trend monitoring, oil analysis and oil consumption requests and reports Address technical issues raised by the Maintenance team related to software and systems access Assist with and perform Technical Records functions as required Assist with and facilitate the implementation of continuous improvement programs 5+ years of aviation/maintenance experience or related aviation training Previous Technical Record processing and Quality Control or auditing experience preferred. Familiarity with Aircraft Maintenance Programs (AMPs) and tracking software preferred. Familiarity with Transport Canada Aviation regulations and standards. Familiarity with Transport Canada Aviation regulations and standards. Familiarity with Transport Canada and/or aviation-related technical manuals and documents. Proven proficiency in the MS Office suite; working knowledge of RAAS would be an asset Strong verbal and written communication skills Exceptional attention to detail. Ability to manage high volumes of documentation and paperwork on a daily basis Strong data entry skills with exceptional attention to detail Must be fully vaccinated and provide valid COVID-19 vaccination record (unless you have a legitimate recognized medical or religious reason for not getting vaccinated) 
ScrapedJobID367:
Participates in benefits implementation and service enhancement projects using technology tools and techniques employed by Lifeworks Provide maintenance and support services to Lifeworks existing clients and benefits administrative teams Works under the supervision of senior members of a team and takes the initiative to get assistance when required Performs analysis of business requirements and produces configuration designs as required Sets high standards for own work and ensure high-quality outcomes are achieved Prepares project estimates and schedules of project activities as required Work as a member of the benefits implementation team configuring Lifeworks proprietary software to meet the requirements of our new and existing clients. Sets realistic and achievable expectations for deliverables Ensures effective work habits including quality, punctuality, responsiveness and accessibility to others Takes initiative to ensure the required number of billable hours is achieved Provides timely feedback to team members on matters related to configuration and team interaction Works effectively as a member of the Benefits Implementation Team Promotes teamwork and collegiality in the work environment Observes the corporate values of Lifeworks Promotes Lifeworks as the service provider of choice in the industry Attends internal training sessions to build knowledge of industry topics and trends Assists with special projects and other tasks, as required Bachelor’s degree in IT or equivalent work experience 5-7 years of experience in IT or system configuration/implementation Technical experience with ASP, ASP.NET, HTML, JavaScript, SQL and MS SQL Server We use a proprietary object-oriented configuration tool so experience using a config tool rather than starting with a blank screen is preferable Experience in SQL is mandatory, bonus if they have used MS SQL Server Management Studio H&W Benefits and/or Payroll experience is strongly preferred It is preferable if they have a background in some sort of programming. The language is not a big factor, but they need to understand the underlying concepts They will need to be able to read and interpret technical documentation They will need to be able to review logs and debug processing Dedicated team player who demonstrates initiative and independence Excellent communication, organizational and interpersonal skills Excellent time management skills and the ability to manage multiple assignments Reliable, consistent, flexible and adaptable. 
ScrapedJobID368:
Review and analyze system specifications Collaborate with the team to develop effective strategies and test plans Execute test cases (manual or automated) and analyze results Assist in building and improving the test frameworks Evaluate product code according to specifications Create logs to document testing phases and defects Report bugs and errors to development teams Help troubleshoot issues Conduct post-release/ post-implementation testing Work with cross-functional teams to ensure quality throughout the software development lifecycle Proven experience as a Quality Assurance Tester or similar role Experience in project management and QA methodology Familiarity with Agile frameworks and regression testing is a plus Ability to document and troubleshoot errors Working knowledge of test management software (e.g. TestLink, Zephyr) and SQL Excellent communication skills Attention to detail Analytical mind and problem-solving aptitude Strong organizational skills 
ScrapedJobID369:
Take leadership in requirement gathering, environment preparation, and test execution Collaborate with both the testing and software development team for ensuring the quality and serviceability of new features and releases of software. Design test approaches, architecture and methodologies to achieve high coverage of use cases, test cases and exception cases. Document and analyze test results, cooperate with developers and recommend corrective actions. Take part in the development of automatic testing system and maintenance Achieve monthly, quarterly and annual personal and team objectives Be able to legally work in Canada Degree or diploma in a software-related field with 2+ years of experience in a QA or Software Developer Role Excellent troubleshooting, problem-solving, and documentation skills Good communication skills are a must Excellent time management skills and ability to meet demanding timelines The ability to effectively handle multiple, concurrent assignments and activities Demonstrated ability to work well with multiple teams in a cross-functional environment Positive attitude in learning new technology and overcoming new challenges Experience in UNIX/LINUX-like operating systems with the ability to navigate, manipulate and understand the file structure. Scripting experience in Linux Bash or Python Extensive knowledge in network layers and TCP/IP networking fundamentals. Experience in IPv6, SNMPv3, TLS, DTLS, PKI, VLAN, certificate enrollment, encryption standards, network architecture, SQL, web services, test automation framework is a plus C/C++ experience is a plus Experience in embedded systems testing or development is a plus 
ScrapedJobID370:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Accurate Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID371:
Very Strong SQL writing skills(inner joins, outer joins, decoding, Develop Oracle PL/SQL packages, procedures and functions Monitor application efficiencies to identify means of enhancing performance Some development skills are a plus - PHP, .NET, etc EST support Create and monitor batch jobs utilizing a job scheduler Analyze, troubleshoot and provide solutions Interface with stakeholders to obtain a full understanding of the project requirements in order to recommend the appropriate technology to accomplish requirements Provide project timeline estimates Monitor actual deliverable deadlines against scheduled completion dates Participate in all phases of Software Development Lifecycle Support both client and department programming standards Perform unit testing of all applications developed and/or enhancements to systems Work with Quality Assurance team to ensure quality of work produced Mentor other team members Ability to be self-directed, able to focus on personal assignments while remaining part of a larger team with proven ability to multi-task Excellent Problem solving skills Good risk assessment Excellent verbal and written communications skills in English Good Strategic Thinking Excellent documentation skills Great training/mentoring skills University Degree preferred in related field Strong business acumen Excellent Written and verbal communications skills Strong presentation skills Ability to work independently Ability to collaborate with others 
ScrapedJobID372:
Research and development institution Help desk Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Python Shell script Basic security clearance Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Unix Linux Java C++ JavaOS SQL Initiative Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Organized Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Dental Benefits 
ScrapedJobID373:
Master all training material, specifically the New Hire Training platforms for:
Pre-Claim Services
Employer Services
Claims Services
Rehab Services Pre-Claim Services Employer Services Claims Services Rehab Services Meet with all business units and partners to gain an understanding of past and current coaching initiatives, processes, and ensure solid understanding of the business and insight into current claims management practices and competency levels of teams
Gain an understanding of existing Quality Control and Quality Assurance initiatives that have been implemented/started and, with training manager, determine where training can assist with ongoing learning. Gain an understanding of existing Quality Control and Quality Assurance initiatives that have been implemented/started and, with training manager, determine where training can assist with ongoing learning. Design and conduct training programs for front line employees in all business units. Train and guide new employees as part of their onboarding. Work with management to identify training needs and schedule training programs for all staff. Work to keep training programs vibrant and entertaining to engage employees and trainees. Ensure that all training materials and programs are compliant with laws and regulations and best practices governing the industry. Provide online and conference call training session for offsite employees. Recommend management strategies to administration that are targeted for specific departments with the goal of increasing efficiency and effectiveness and generating increased revenues. Interact with upper management to determine the specific requirements in each job description. Prepare hard copy training materials and presentations for employees and with the approval of management. Collaborate and foster communication to build consensus among internal and external stakeholders To oversee the quality control and coaching with claims, early intervention and rehab teams as needed i.e., New hire support and/or ongoing coaching support As needed, provide coaching and support to case managers on implementing appropriate disability management related matters Work with the Director / Managers and/or DMI’s Coaching Unit and business unit leads to ensure that all required processes, procedures, templates, and forms are modified, updated, and implemented as business needs evolve and ensure smooth delivery of services and uphold best practices. Support strategic initiatives internal and external Participate in, or lead assigned specials projects, given other responsibilities and the evolving needs of the company, at the discretion of the manager/ Director. Minimum of 2-5 years proven Disability Management experience. Background and knowledge of STD/LTD policy and coverage. Coverage Concepts: The Trainer demonstrates a solid understanding of Coverage Concepts such as COD, FCD, Reserves and various Policy Clauses. This will be demonstrated through communication with the client, insurer, and other stakeholders as well as through the analysis of files performed jointly with the manager. Interviewing Skills: The Trainer demonstrates the ability to conduct efficient and effective interviews with clients that add value to the file. The Trainer will utilize motivational interviewing techniques and apply a functional approach to intervention in keeping with the DMI Philosophy. The Trainer demonstrates the ability to maintain rapport with the client while fostering a partnership that empowers and educates. Influencing & Partnering with Physicians: The Trainer demonstrates the ability to communicate effectively with physicians in a proactive manner that focuses on function and impacting the influencing factors. The Trainer recognizes the relevance and role of the medical and demonstrates the ability to identify medical influencing factors and addresses or leverages these with appropriate case management plans RTW Planning: The Trainer demonstrates the ability to develop appropriate, effective, and creative GRTW plans that involve all stakeholders in the process. RTW planning will be aligned with Claims Case Management Strategy and operate within a sense of urgency. Vocational Tools: The Trainer demonstrates a solid knowledge of the various vocational tools that can be utilized to impact the duration of a claim and applies this knowledge in a proactive manner. Pro-active Case Management Planning: The Trainer demonstrates the ability to come up with cost effective proactive case management plans that facilitate a reduction in duration of claims. The Trainer demonstrates the ability to implement concurrent case management action plans and demonstrates the ability to assess the effectiveness of plans with revisions of plans as indicated. Ability to adapt to rapidly changing circumstances and new ways of working. Understanding of effective adult training methodologies and tools Willingness to keep abreast of new techniques in corporate teaching Proficient in MS Office programs specifically in PowerPoint; e-learning software an asset Exceptional verbal and written communication skills. Strong communication, presentation, and public speaking skills The ability to engage trainees in discussions during educational sessions. Excellent interpersonal skills. Ability to work within an integrated team approach and demonstrate a high level of co-operation within the Quality Assurance & Coaching team Excellent reading comprehension skills as well as the ability to be an active listener. Strong critical thinking and analytical skills. Good problem solving and decision-making skills along with the ability to exercise sound judgment Good organizational and time management abilities Knowledge of terminology specific to the DMI. Attention to detail Work well under pressure. Meet tight deadlines with excellent time management skills. 
ScrapedJobID374:
Créer des plans de tests complets en vue de préparer les scénarios de tests. Rédiger différents tests pour vérifier le code nouvellement implanté et assurer la conformité aux spécifications. Effectuer les tests sur les applications dans tous les environnements supportés. Documenter avec précision les défectuosités trouvées lors des différentes phases de tests. Mettre à jour les banques de tests système déjà en place. Participer à l’amélioration continue des stratégies de tests. Selon les besoins de l'équipe de soutien technique, s'impliquer auprès des clients après une livraison d'un logiciel sur le marché. DEC en informatique ou familiarité avec les différentes plates-formes Windows et mobiles, de même qu’avec les environnements réseaux. Au minimum, 2 ans d'expérience en assurance qualité du logiciel. Esprit analytique. Persévérance et curiosité. Autonomie et disponibilité à faire du temps supplémentaire en dehors des heures régulières de travail (soir et fin de semaine). Fort esprit d’équipe et habileté à travailler dans un environnement Agile. Intérêt pour l’apprentissage de nouvelles technologies. Rigueur et souci du travail bien fait. Orientation client. Capacité à respecter les échéanciers. Aisance à communiquer tant à l’oral qu’à l’écrit en français et en anglais. Connaissance de la suite Atlassienne (Jira, Confluence) et de la méthodologie Agile. La connaissance de SQL est un atout. 
ScrapedJobID375:
Our people work with the latest web-based technologies in a cross functional, multi-faceted organization A challenging and rewarding environment, the opportunity to work with leading brands, collaboration with some of the brightest people in the industry, and to share in our mutual success. Our Agile environment gives you the chance to be part of an ever changing and evolving process. (We want to get better and you can help us get there.) We have a great culture, work environment and potential for professional growth. A company that is an industry disrupting Automotive Mobile Data & Analytics powerhouse in their space. And we’re pretty awesome too Create and manage testing strategy, estimates and test plans for Project Delivery Review business requirements with the product owner and end users and clarify any ambiguity ensuring testing conditions are understood Develop and execute test cases within the agreed upon timelines ensuring the application is performing as expected Perform functional, non- functional and regression testing to ensure functionality meets stakeholder requirements Review test deliverables, manage defects and document test results Participate in defect review meetings and provide analysis as required Track QA metrics, estimate work and generate reports for management reporting Develop strategies for continuous improvement of software and its quality, such as manual test plans, automated testing technologies, performance and load testing frameworks, etc. Prepare and participate in automation, performance, and security testing as required. Develop, document, and maintain test deliverables (Test Requirements, Test Plans, Test Design Specifications, Test Case Specifications, Test Procedures, Test Logs, Test Status and Test Summaries) Collaborate with other Scrum team members, deployment, and support of reusable (plug-and-play) components, for a SaaS platform in the automotive industry Work closely with the Project Leader to ensure QA deliverables match the overall project timelines Walk through the QA test cases and the QA test plan with the QA Lead prior to execution Participate in all agile ceremonies (planning, stand-up, sprint review, retrospective) Manage and document work using Azure DevOps 5+ years of full lifecycle experience with creating test plans & designing and executing test cases for SaaS software development in an agile environment (Scrum preferred) Strong SQL skills and experience with relational databases Experience with API Testing (REST/JSON, SOAP/XML, Postman) Excellent analytical, interpersonal, prioritization, and organization skills Comfortable using Kibana Experience with testing using desktop and mobile browsers (Chrome, Edge, Safari) Experience using Chrome DevTools to identify and investigate issues with web applications. Support multiple projects at a given time by demonstrating the ability to set and manage priorities. Experience with automated test scripting and implementation using BDD frameworks such as Cucumber Experience with Azure DevOps Test Plans Test Automation (JMeter, Selenium .NET Web Driver for C#, Cucumber/Gherkin, Appium) Serverless/Cloud Testing (AWS w/ focus on Lambda, S3) Experience with DevOps principles and practices Automotive industry Domain Knowledge Vast opportunities for growth Competitive compensation packages Comprehensive Training and Development support Engaging company events and team building Group health and dental benefits Employee Assistance Program Complimentary Parking Flexible work schedule for work-life balance 3 weeks paid vacation 
ScrapedJobID376:
You will be embraced by a massive community of like-minded individuals You will level up your skills and experience what true mastery feels like You will get your hands on really cool stuff Casual and flexible work environment, including the opportunity to work fully remote Competitive company-paid benefits plan Generous professional development budget Half day Fridays in the summer and extended holiday break in December An Ottawa office that offers collaborative workspaces, an in-office pool table, golf simulator, large kitchen and more! Building exceptional customer relationships Answering customer questions regarding their project and our software Assisting with onboarding customers as part of the project phase of their application build Providing access to UAT/Beta Applications Coordinating customer feedback cycles at various stages of the project Maintaining and ensuring customer is timely on responses by utilizing virtual meeting platforms Scheduling, coordinating and conducting onboarding related training sessions Quality assurance testing of applications as part of assisting with customer onboarding Additional tasks as required Strong knowledge of MS Office Suite Excellent English communication skills, both verbal and written Exemplary planning, problem solving, and time management skills Strong interpersonal and customer service skills High attention to detail Ability to manage shifting priorities and perform well in a fast-paced environment Experience working in an office environment or related field with general knowledge of office procedures Education background or experience in a Software company Previous implementation experience in the software industry is considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID377:
Use leading edge technologies to produce n-tier enterprise applications. Analyze functional specifications and create and document technical designs. Develop high-quality code that meets our product specifications and technical standards. Conduct unit testing and assist Quality Assurance staff to successfully complete QA and integration testing. Provide technical guidance and assistance to team members. Meet critical project deadlines, doing whatever it takes. Provide second-level support to internal staff members and clients as required. Visual Studio 2013-2019, .NET and C# are a must (experience with version 4.5 or later is required) Working experience with WPF/MVVM building desktop applications will be considered an asset. Must have ORM experience. Knowledge of Entity Framework 6.x will be considered an asset. Must have working experience with MS-SQL Server, T-SQL and Stored Procedures. Dependency Injection, Unit Testing, TDD, WCF, Team Foundation Server, MS Reporting Services and Windows Workflow Foundation are assets Good understanding of MS-SQL, T-SQL, Stored Procedures; Familiarity with CLR assemblies is an asset Minimum of Bachelor Degree in Computer Science or related field is required. Minimum 2 to 5 years of software development experience with above technologies/frameworks. Experience with Kanban methodology, continuous integration and TDD. Proven prior work experience developing large and complex applications. Relational database-driven and n-tier application development experience. Solid understanding of and experience with the software development life cycle. Self-starter that can work in an agile environment with little oversight and direction. Pride and craftsmanship in the work that you do. 
ScrapedJobID378:
Evaluate and test software programs to verify that programs function according to their specified requirements following Innomar’s standard procedures Participate in review of standards, procedures, tools and process. Monitor, manage and communicate with product team (developers, business analysts, etc.) on defects Prepare and develop test strategies, test plans and cases Execute test plans and cases and report results per Innomar’s testing guidelines Collaborate with team members to ensure the delivery of high quality products. Work collectively to solve defects Contribute to the growth of the company by advancing skill set, working with the Information Technology team to improve the code base and seeking opportunities to improve the company’s tools and processes. Bachelor’s degree in software or healthcare related field Minimum five (5) years of related and progressively responsible experience in Software Testing or Quality Assurance. Experience in healthcare application testing, pharmacy, healthcare claims or PBM industry is preferred and Electronic Medical Records (EMR) Experience in integration testing with knowledge of healthcare message standards such as HL7, XML, NCPDP and FHIR Experience with automated test tools Experience with API testing is preferred. Hands on experience working with validated systems in a regulated industry Flexible and able to multitask; can work within an ambiguous, fast-moving environment, while also driving toward clarity and solutions; demonstrated resourcefulness in setting priorities. Experience and understanding of the healthcare industry preferred. Ability to communicate strategies and technical information, both orally and in writing, in a manner that establishes understanding for technical audiences. Excellent analytical skills relative to data analysis, data auditing, and data testing – proven familiarity and comfort understanding/utilizing spreadsheets and databases. Analytical skills required to understand customer and operational processes. Proven ability to uncover and interpret stated requirements to develop deep understanding necessary to recommend an optimal technical solution. Strong written and verbal communication and time management skills. The ability to work well within both a large team and individual project teams. Detail-oriented focus on completion of work within budget and timelines. 
ScrapedJobID379:
No Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Tuition reimbursement Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Quality Assurance: 3 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID380:
Executing and monitoring our internal hold and release procedure Performing in-process quality checks, such as line clearances Environmental monitoring tasks Reviewing various production documentation for completeness and accuracy while adhering to Good Documentation Practice Monitoring internal task logging software and making changes as required Qualifying new production rooms for use Basic laboratory work including preparation of culture media plates, when required Assisting with cleaning validations Initiating and completing non-conformity reports and corrective action plans Other responsibilities as assigned Degree or diploma in biology, biotechnology, pharmacology or related field (or relevant working experience) Working knowledge of Good Documentation Practices, Good Manufacturing Practices and Cannabis Regulations as asset Experience reviewing and revising regulated documents Experience working in an ISO: 9001 or GMP environment considered an asset Experience in a fast-paced working environment where time management, organization and problem solving were key skills Working knowledge of Microsoft Office suite of programs Experience with ERP systems (Sage or SAP) considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID381:
Work with product managers, developers, and designers to analyze requirements to develop and execute test cases for new and existing features. Develop, iterate, and refine automated tests, test suites, and infrastructure to deliver a product that is high quality, easy to use, and stable. Evaluate and implement the latest frameworks and services to write automated end-to-end, integration, and performance tests. Document product defects and provide details to the development team using our issue tracking system (JIRA). Monitor multiple channels for defect reports, conduct defect verification, and track defects in the issue tracking system. Continuously participate in the improvement of QA processes. Generate reports to identify trends and problem areas in the product. Work with talented, knowledge-driven individuals and share your ideas to improve the product with the team. We are a close-knit team that is eager for new ideas. We embrace sharing our own knowledge and enriching each other's experiences Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related work experience in a quality assurance role. 2+ years professional experience Quality Assurance Experience with modern testing tools such as Jest, React Testing Library, Nightwatch, Enzyme, Taiko, Gauge, or other similar frameworks/libraries Strong interpersonal and communication skills. Must be able to explain technical concepts to an audience with varying technical backgrounds and communicate clearly with the engineering team. 
ScrapedJobID382:
Lead the effort to create automated UI tests for our web-based application and integrate these assets into our CI/CD infrastructure Building the infrastructure to run automated tests as part of our continuous integration cycle Developing a strategy to maintain and evaluate test assets by creating metrics for continuous improvement Becoming an expert in testing best practices and industry standards and actively coach developers, QA analysts, and Dev Ops in test automation Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent experience with 2+ years of professional experience in a SDET role Experience with testing API / RESTful services Experience with testing the UI for web applications Knowledge of common test frameworks such as Cypress, Jest, etc. Knowledge in JavaScript and/or Typescript Knowledge in React and Redux frameworks Knowledge of modern CI infrastructure Passion for continuous learning and keeping up to date with testing trends 
ScrapedJobID383:
Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Life insurance Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday quality assurance: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID384:
Adhere to specifications to ensure software performs as required Optimize code for system efficiency Organize code for support and comprehension Analyze and model specifications for modules or smaller projects Execute unit testing on code Execute behavior test plans on modules Execute stress and parallel tests on systems Write system user manuals Write code documentation and commenting Track code changes Write requirements and specifications for modules or smaller projects Answer questions and provide training Perform privileged tasks Document and track system issues Bachelor Degree plus 4 to 6 years experience Strong experience Java, PL/SQL, HTML 4/5, and JavaScript is required Experience with Oracle Forms & Reports 6 is preferred Experience with Oracle databases is preferred Knowledge of Oracle Apex Development Strong judgment is required to create alternatives outside of existing practices and/or policies to ensure the most effective system solution is in place Problem solving involves engaging in analytical thinking with an appreciation for strategic impact resulting from changing operational requirements Independent thinking and analysis are required to handle system development Good verbal and written communications skills are needed 
ScrapedJobID385:
or equivalent experience Microsoft Visio Consulting firm Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Relocation costs covered by employer Spreadsheet MS Windows Internet Mail server software Project management software Software development Mapping and data visualization software MS Office Enterprise Applications Integration (EAI) Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits Vision Care Benefits 
ScrapedJobID386:
Testing candidate releases of new or modified CRM and/or FO applications, assuring the quality of scalable software solutions by collaborating with business partners to realize the full capability of D365; supporting all quality assurance tasks, test plan preparation, test cases for customizations, extensions, configurations, and integrations; Performing performance, functional, integration, and regression testing; Creating test plans and detailed test cases using AzureDevops or similar tool (preferably AzureDevops); Documenting any defects found during the daily testing activities and track them to resolution; Supporting DevOps development teams test planning and execution, and code reviews; Participating in release activities and post-release support activities; Supporting user story mapping, sprint planning, estimation and feature walk-throughs; Participating in user acceptance testing and maintenance of documentation; Reviewing the test plan implications of Change Requests; Contribute to/prepare ad-hoc reports and presentations for PMO, Clients etc. Maintaining currency with industry best practices with regards to testing and test automation, and; Remaining current with CRM/D365 and/or D365 F&O technologies and potential system implications related to Vendor release upgrades Bachelor’s Degree in business related field, engineering, or a related scientific or technical discipline with at least 2+ years of experience; A major plus would be 1+ year of experience related to supporting software development test activities of a CRM system, preferably Microsoft Dynamics CRM/ D365 or D365 F&O Must have demonstrated experience in one of these tool sets, Selenium, RSAT or EasyRepo Demonstrated experience developing software test plans & test cases; Outstanding written and verbal communication skills; Industry testing certifications; Experience in Performance testing using open source tools like JMeter; D365 certifications, classes or exams; Azure certifications, classes or exams; 
ScrapedJobID387:
Specification or technical writing Research and development Purchasing, procurement and contracts Quality assurance or control Project management Project planning Operations or production Occupational health and safety Marketing and sales Installation, maintenance and inspection of equipment or facilities Education or training Design Business administration/management Lean Manufacturing International Organization for Standardization (ISO) MS Access MS Excel MS PowerPoint MS Word AutoCAD MS Office SolidWorks software MS Outlook Computer-aided design (CAD) Supervise technicians, technologists, analysts, administrative staff and other engineers Time and work studies Quality assurance or control Occupational health and safety Industrial Production system Manufacture Design and conduct time studies and work simplification programs Assess industrial facilities Develop performance standards, evaluation systems and wage and incentive programs Willing to travel Valid driver's licence Travel expenses paid by employer Willing to travel internationally Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Physically demanding Attention to detail Ability to distinguish between colours Sound discrimination Sitting Combination of sitting, standing, walking Standing for extended periods Large workload Tight deadlines Overtime required 5-10 people Rural area Urban area Various locations Willing to relocate Relocation costs covered by employer Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits Vision Care Benefits Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID388:
Ready to roll up their sleeves and get creative. Excited about the data-driven future. Passionate about details and dedicated to making our products the best in the world. Eager to tackle the next generation of challenges and make an impact. A committed team player who likes to win! Embrace, research, understand and adapt to new and emerging technologies and features Develop into a subject matter expert, everyone on the team is vital to our success Improve product quality and usability by influencing the design and implementation of new features Define test strategies and execute test plans (functional, system, robustness, stress, scaling, performance), oversee quality assurance of project as a whole Engage with developers to investigate, isolate, and reproduce defects Test technically complex product features and interactions at the system level Automate tests through scripts running in the Solace automation test framework A degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering, or similar field 2+ years of experience in a technical QA role Knowledge of software quality, testing and reporting methodologies Experience in testing complex software systems Strong analytical skills, excellent problem-solving and debugging skills Experience designing and implementing test scripts, tools and systems A positive attitude in the workplace and the ability to drive change Minimum of intermediate skill level with Linux operating systems Minimum of intermediate skill level with at least one scripting language (eg: TCL, Python, Perl) Good understanding of and experience with TCP/IP Experience with at least one cloud computing platform (eg: AWS, Azure, GCP, PCF) is a plus Excellent verbal and written communication skills We have an awesome team! You’ll get to work with some of the smartest individuals in the business. We believe in work-life balance and believe it’s important to love what you do. We encourage a flexible work environment. Our training programs are top-notch (LinkedIn Learning, Mentorship program, Solace Academy). We like to brag about our stellar customer lineup! We are social – we like to keep things simple and fun! We are one of the top-ranked employers on Glassdoor. We have a sense of humour and make cool videos like this. We are in the heart of the Kanata North tech park. 
ScrapedJobID389:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems 
ScrapedJobID390:
Prepare review and notice to reader engagements in Caseware Prepare adjusting entries and financial statements Prepare account summaries and reconciliations Complete corporate tax returns and liaise with our tax professionals Assist managers with client meeting preparation Prepare correspondence to clients and the Canada Revenue Agency Respond to other duties as required Must have strong attention to detail Must be able to work under pressure and meet deadlines Must have good interpersonal skills and able to liaise with clients, staff and outside parties Must be available to work overtime during peak seasons Must have initiative Must be a team player Must possess a university degree and/or college diploma in accounting, or equivalent related experience Must possess accounting and tax software knowledge, such as Caseware, Quickbooks, Taxprep Minimum 2 years of accounting and tax experience functioning in a similar role as above. Public accounting firm experience is preferred. The ability to work independently in a fast-paced, dynamic team-oriented environment Support and coaching from some of the most engaging colleagues around Opportunities to develop new skills and progress your career The freedom and flexibility to handle your role in a way that’s right for you 
ScrapedJobID391:
Designing, maintaining, and programming of web systems. Work collaboratively within an agile team. Collaborate with members of other teams, clients, partners, and a variety of other stakeholders. Web application development Docker Git High degree of expertise in Windows, Linux, and/or macOS Data ETL Data Reporting and Visualization Technical Writing Quality Assurance (aka: Testing) VPN SSH Basic Multimedia skills DevOps and Automation PHP, Python, Java, C#, etc AMQ, MQTT systems System Administration Atlassian Suite Google Workspace Microsoft Office Advanced multimedia skills Mobile Platforms (ex: Android, iOS) Computer Science Software Engineering “Developer Bootcamps” 
ScrapedJobID392:
This position is responsible for the development and maintenance of programs related to the Quality group such as: Quality Planning Analytical Safety and Design (ASD) software Calibration Counterfeit, Fraudulent, and Suspect Items (CFSI) Foreign Material Exclusion (FME) Designs, develops, and implements internal auditing procedures and processes consistent with the organization’s requirements. Developing the annual and longer term risk-based audit plan including the scoping and resourcing of audits, ensuring accuracy and compliance with the Company’s requirements. Establishing, training, leading and directing the auditors to ensure that stakeholders are provided with risk-based objective and reliable assurance, advice and insight. Coordinating with management to take necessary action on audit findings Ensuring products or services being procured by CNL for quality program work are procured from qualified suppliers who have the ability to deliver a technically acceptable product or service; Developing and maintaining a global supplier assessment plan, utilizing a graded approach to selecting and assessing suppliers and their ability to meet quality requirements. Development and maintenance of programs related to the Quality Functional Support Area as well as the ability to define and support software configuration management including auditing baseline configurations Develop and maintain programs for quality audits/assessments, software quality assurance, calibration, CFSI and FME and monitor performance/compliance issues with these programs. Acting as the subject matter expert resource for software related to Analytical, Scientific and Design (ASD) as well as Programmable Electronic Software (PES). University or college graduation in a relevant discipline (e.g. Quality Assurance, Management, Commerce, Business Administration, Software, and Engineering) or an equivalent combination of formal training and experience is required. Must have a minimum of 10-15 years of related experience. Extensive professional-level experience related to the management and control of compliance auditing. Major experience in core quality business operations such as risk-based audit planning, implementation and reporting, internal compliance, Experience in people management, specifically training, motivating, and directing employees Experience leading and coaching and negotiating with teams and superiors Experience in leading organizational transformations and change management activities. Experience in guidance related to the application of software programs, including developing and delivering training Experience in leading software quality audits and self-assessments Demonstrated experience identifying, troubleshooting, and escalating issues effectively. Comprehensive understanding of an integrated management system, nuclear science and technology, and software program activities is an asset. Demonstrated ability to plan, organize and co-ordinate activities of self and others to achieve individual/department targets. Proven ability to thrive as a member of a large, matrix organization working collaboratively with peers, staff and superiors to achieve objectives in an environment characterized by frequent deadlines, competing demands, and customer scrutiny. Demonstrated ability to hire, develop and manage quality resources to realize their potential. Demonstrated ability to direct to, interface with and present strategies to top management, the Analytical, Scientific, and Design (ASD) community and Information Technology related to ASD software upgrades, changes, emerging new technologies Demonstrated ability to develop well-informed advice and strategies that are sensitive to the various needs of multiple stakeholders and partners, reflecting the strategic direction of CNL and positioning CNL for success Superior communication skills (written and oral), experience preparing concise reports on performance versus plan, issues management, and risks; and strong command of MS Office and Oracle software applications. Advanced knowledge in the conduct and reporting of audits and the translation of findings into corrective actions plans that mitigate risks to the company, to subject safety and data integrity. Working knowledge of one or more of the following quality-related requirements: CSA N286-12, ISO 9001, ISO 17025, ISO 14001, CSA N299, CSA N286.7, CSA B51, IEC 61513, and ASME NQA-1. Advanced understanding of factors within a multifaceted organization (nuclear, non-nuclear, research) and the impact of the Company’s Functional Requirements in support of performance excellence. Quality-applied Certificates/Certifications: ASQ, CQA, CSQP, IRCA, Exemplar Global affiliation and certifications would be considered an asset. 
ScrapedJobID393:
Develop product features in LabVIEW Prototype new applications Provide stress testing, benchmark testing and software QA Create and maintain customer-facing documentation Collaborate with team members to provide software solutions 
ScrapedJobID394:
Work collaboratively in a team environment with Business Analysts, Programmer Analysts, Project Managers, as well as the functional business owners/stakeholders to ensure delivery of a quality application Conduct full analysis of requirements with the appropriate project partners and clarify discrepancies to ensure full understanding of all deliverables Provide effort estimates for testing as part of project initiation and planning Ensures QA-related deliverables meet predefined dates and time lines in accordance with the project plan Create comprehensive testing approach with High Level Test Plans and detailed functional test cases that trace requirements to tests Execute test cases and identify defects for all planned production software and data changes, including production incident fixes Create, maintain and execute automated regression test scripts using tools such as Katalon or Selenium. Create clear supporting evidentiary documents as proof of the test execution and securely archive documents for audit purposes Manage walkthroughs and provide weekly status reporting on test results to the project team Evaluate overall project test results and provide recommendation on production implementation readiness Bachelors degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering or equivalent Knowledge of standard Quality Assurance practices and measures Minimum 2 years of test automation experience is required Financial Services experience an asset Technical Knowledge:
Computer programming skills and database structure knowledge
Katalon, Selenium, JMeter, Jenkins, Bitbucket
JIRA, Zephyr, Rational Team Concert Computer programming skills and database structure knowledge Katalon, Selenium, JMeter, Jenkins, Bitbucket JIRA, Zephyr, Rational Team Concert Good communication skills (Written and Verbal) Strong analytical skills, an investigative attitude and an open mind Canada’s Top 100 Employers (5th consecutive year) 2021 Greater Toronto’s Top Employers (9th consecutive year) 2021 Canada’s Top Family Friendly Employer (4th consecutive year) 2021 Imagine Canada, Caring Company Canada’s Top Employer For Young People 2021 National HR Awards - Best Corporate Social Responsibility Program Award, Venngo Healthy Workplaces Award Workplace Benefits Awards – Health and Wellness Program Canadian Compassionate Companies Award A Canadian Compassionate Company An Imagine Canada Caring Company 
ScrapedJobID395:
Uncover existing and future issues with our web, mobile apps, and the backend software that powers our bank Collaborate with ambitious software engineers, product owners, and designers on projects such as releases and new features Identify root cause issues of software defects and recommend potential solutions and improvements Build and maintain testing schedules to meet product release dates Plan and build out tools to support test automation Create use cases that will drive both manual and automated tests Communicate software defects to key stakeholders for prioritization Familiarity with the Linux command line / bash Programming and testing skills (we’ll assess you with a Leetcode Easy problem) Aptitude for puzzle solving and/or engineering work with an eye for detail and quality Ability to stay organized and disciplined with multiple competing requests Applicants must be eligible to work in Canada and willing to relocate to Calgary or Winnipeg Adaptable, high-achievers energized by a startup environment Team players who love being part of an agile ecosystem Independent thinkers with a passion for innovation and making a difference Testers with a drive to finish, impress users, and delight customers 
ScrapedJobID396:
Reviews product manufacturing and testing documentation to ensure compliance with pre-established requirements. Support the maintenance of the Quality Management System (QMS) required for the manufacture and distribution of STEMCELL products which include RUO, GMP, CE-IVD, and CE-EE products. Performs ERP transactions related to product release. Co-ordinates Quality interactions with some PLDP product suppliers to ensure accuracy of documentation and efficiency of product release. Applies critical thinking to continuously improve product release processes. Provides technical support to all staff as related to quality practices. Revision and creation of Standard Operating Procedures. Continued exposure to current quality thinking through reading, conferences and training courses. Participates in projects for continuous improvement initiatives within QA department and corporately BSc in one of life sciences (ie. Biochemistry, Immunology, Cell biology) or equivalent degree with 5+ years of industry experience Experience with quality management systems such as ISO 13485:2003 and cGMP manufacturing preferred Skills: Proven ability to coordinate and execute responsibilities related to Quality Assurance. Aptitude for learning and working with various electronic/technology platforms. Intermediate skill level in Microsoft office applications (Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Sharepoint, and Project) Experience with ERP/MRP software. Highly organized and detail oriented. Ability to question and not always be satisfied with the status quo. Self motivated, proven ability to work independently and as part of a team. Ability to handle multiple tasks in a fast paced environment. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. 
ScrapedJobID397:
Tchèque Exécuter et mettre à jour des scénarios de test. Vérifier la qualité de la traduction, ainsi que l'uniformité et la correction du langage employé pour les produits et jeux conformément aux spécifications fournies . Signaler les erreurs selon les exigences du projet. Effectuer des analyses de produits approfondies dans le cadre de l'expérience de jeu et de test afin de mieux en comprendre le fonctionnement, de recueillir de la rétroaction et de fournir des suggestions d'amélioration. Acquérir une connaissance des méthodologies de test et du marché du jeu vidéo. Partager vos connaissances avec les autres membres de l'équipe de test. Accomplir les tâches administratives assignées par le superviseur. Effectuer d'autres activités nécessaires à l'exécution de travail conformément
aux instructions du superviseur. Suivre les procédures associées à l'emploi. Aptitudes de rédaction et de communication dans l'une des langues cibles Une année d'expérience en localisation ou en localisation de jeux vidéo Bonne connaissance du marché du jeu vidéo et des méthodologies de test, et passion pour ce domaine Capacité à bien communiquer en anglais Études dans le domaine des langues ou de la technologie de préférence Bonne maîtrise du suivi des tests d'assurance qualité, des outils de localisation et de MS Office Excellentes aptitudes en communication Accès et participation à l'un des jeux sur ordinateur les plus populaires au monde. Accès au matériel et aux logiciels utilisés aux fins du projet. Accès aux fichiers du projet et droits d'administrateur. Occasion de travailler avec un chef de file mondial en croissance dans les services liés aux jeux vidéo. Accès aux toutes dernières technologies des jeux vidéo. Possibilité de contribuer à bâtir la meilleure organisation en matière de test au monde. Travail au sein d'une équipe créative et dans un environnement convivial. Perspectives de perfectionnement professionnel dans un environnement multiculturel : Lionbridge compte des bureaux dans plus de 20 pays, et ces bureaux collaborent régulièrement sur des projets, ce qui fait découvrir à nos employés toutes sortes de cultures et de méthodes de travail. Accès à une plateforme de formation. Czech Execution and updates of test cases. Testing product/game translation quality, consistency and language correctness according to given specifications. Reporting bugs in line with project requirements. In-depth product analysis as part of playing and testing for better understanding of its functioning and gathering feedback, providing suggestions for product improvements. Acquiring knowledge on testing methodologies and video game market. Sharing knowledge with other members of testing team. Performing administrative tasks assigned by the supervisor. Performing other activities necessary for the proper conduct of work in accordance with the
supervisor's instructions. Observing procedures related to the job. Have native writing and speaking abilities in one of the target languages Have 1 year of experience in Localization or Game Localization Have good knowledge and passion of video game market and testing methodologies Have communicative English Preferred education - in languages or technology Have good command of test tracking, support tools and MS Office Have excellent communication skills Access/make impact to one of the most played PC games in the world Access to hardware and software used for the purposes of the project Access to project files with administrative rights. Opportunity to work with a fast-growing global leader in Games services. Access to the latest gaming technology Opportunity to help us build the best global testing organization Work in a creative team and friendly environment. Professional development opportunities in a multi-cultural environment- Lionbridge has offices in over 20 countries and many of these offices work collaboratively on projects, exposing our employees to a wide range of cultures and work styles. Access to training platform. 
ScrapedJobID398:
translate various requirements of satellite telecommunication systems into architectures be involved in the complete development cycle: analysis design, coding, test automation and bug fixing follow up whether the implementation is in line with the original defined architecture and requirements document the architecture, code, solutions and test cases work closely with our embedded developers, linux system engineers, quality assurance and customer support engineersaspire towards a thorough understanding of satellite communication technologies and components hold a Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Engineering (Computer Sciences, Telecommunication,...) have a first development experience in C and C++ (11 to 17) can put into practice common software design knowledge: modular/OO (Object Oriented) programming, reusability, unit tests, continuous integration, UML, code refactoring master at least one of the following tools/technologies: boost, telecommunication systems and concepts, IP and related protocols (TCP/IP, DHCP, etc), Linux, Linux containers (LXC) are conversational in English can explain a defined architecture and work on an abstract and conceptual level be part of the growing “device software engineering” team be free to choose your IDE, in a team that runs mainly on Ubuntu, uses GCC as their toolchain and both GIT and SVN as their version control systems be working on various satellite related high-performance controlling applications and on devices ranging from consumer satellite modems to high-end modulators and demodulators work in a modern C++ environment using new language features join an innovation and people driven high-tech industry leader be a member of a passionate global family that values openness and a can-do mentality take pride in enabling internet connectivity to the world (from schoolchildren in remote areas to in-flight wifi) 
ScrapedJobID399:
Participates in benefits implementation and service enhancement projects using technology tools and techniques employed by Lifeworks Provide maintenance and support services to Lifeworks existing clients and benefits administrative teams Works under the supervision of senior members of a team and takes the initiative to get assistance when required Performs analysis of business requirements and produces configuration designs as required Sets high standards for own work and ensure high-quality outcomes are achieved Prepares project estimates and schedules of project activities as required Work as a member of the benefits implementation team configuring Lifeworks proprietary software to meet the requirements of our new and existing clients. Sets realistic and achievable expectations for deliverables Ensures effective work habits including quality, punctuality, responsiveness and accessibility to others Takes initiative to ensure the required number of billable hours is achieved Provides timely feedback to team members on matters related to configuration and team interaction Works effectively as a member of the Benefits Implementation Team Promotes teamwork and collegiality in the work environment Observes the corporate values of Lifeworks Promotes Lifeworks as the service provider of choice in the industry Attends internal training sessions to build knowledge of industry topics and trends Assists with special projects and other tasks, as required Bachelor’s degree in IT or equivalent work experience 5-7 years of experience in IT or system configuration/implementation Technical experience with ASP, ASP.NET, HTML, JavaScript, SQL and MS SQL Server We use a proprietary object-oriented configuration tool so experience using a config tool rather than starting with a blank screen is preferable Experience in SQL is mandatory, bonus if they have used MS SQL Server Management Studio H&W Benefits and/or Payroll experience is strongly preferred It is preferable if they have a background in some sort of programming. The language is not a big factor, but they need to understand the underlying concepts They will need to be able to read and interpret technical documentation They will need to be able to review logs and debug processing Dedicated team player who demonstrates initiative and independence Excellent communication, organizational and interpersonal skills Excellent time management skills and the ability to manage multiple assignments Reliable, consistent, flexible and adaptable. 
ScrapedJobID400:
Créer des plans de tests complets en vue de préparer les scénarios de tests. Rédiger différents tests pour vérifier le code nouvellement implanté et assurer la conformité aux spécifications. Effectuer les tests sur les applications dans tous les environnements supportés. Documenter avec précision les défectuosités trouvées lors des différentes phases de tests. Mettre à jour les banques de tests système déjà en place. Participer à l’amélioration continue des stratégies de tests. Selon les besoins de l'équipe de soutien technique, s'impliquer auprès des clients après une livraison d'un logiciel sur le marché. DEC en informatique ou familiarité avec les différentes plates-formes Windows et mobiles, de même qu’avec les environnements réseaux. Au minimum, 2 ans d'expérience en assurance qualité du logiciel. Esprit analytique. Persévérance et curiosité. Autonomie et disponibilité à faire du temps supplémentaire en dehors des heures régulières de travail (soir et fin de semaine). Fort esprit d’équipe et habileté à travailler dans un environnement Agile. Intérêt pour l’apprentissage de nouvelles technologies. Rigueur et souci du travail bien fait. Orientation client. Capacité à respecter les échéanciers. Aisance à communiquer tant à l’oral qu’à l’écrit en français et en anglais. Connaissance de la suite Atlassienne (Jira, Confluence) et de la méthodologie Agile. La connaissance de SQL est un atout. 
ScrapedJobID401:
Competitive salary, benefits package and matching retirement plan A friendly, collaborative work environment Opportunities for professional development & ongoing learning A chance to be part of a growing organization Taking direction, guidance and tasks from developers on a day-to-day basis Perform which include analysis, testing, problem identification, debugging, problem resolution, test case planning and implementation Assist Development Team in working with pre-existing solutions to facilitate the development of new features or solutions Assist development team in technological research, development and proof of concept Written and verbal analysis while evaluating a problem, new feature or when completing assigned tasks Excellent communication skills (both verbal and written) Ability to work within a team environment to collaboratively facilitate the development of new features and solutions with the highest possible success rate Any experience with the following technologies Software development lifecycle Test analysis tools, ASP.NET (C#), jQuery, JavaScript, HTML, CSS Microsoft SQL Server (MSSQL) and SQL Server Reporting Services Visual Studio .NET (C#, ASP.NET) GIT Source Control, Visual Studio, SQL Reporting Server, Windows 7, Windows Service Development, Graphical File Manipulation Ability to self-manage to work independently and to work within a team environment Ability to work with other staff members to perform quality testing and analysis 
ScrapedJobID402:
Research and development institution Help desk Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Python Shell script Basic security clearance Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Unix Linux Java C++ JavaOS SQL Initiative Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Organized Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Dental Benefits 
ScrapedJobID403:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Accurate Team player Organized 
ScrapedJobID404:
Managing skill-based scheduling and attendance for all customer service agents on the team. Conducting side-by-side evaluations, remote monitoring, review monthly scorecards, review performance metrics, and quality assurance assessments for all customer service agents. Managing and configuring the helpdesk CRM and phone system. Providing timely feedback to the senior leadership team regarding service issues, bug issues or customer concerns. Have strong customer-focused orientation with strong customer service skills. Are detailed oriented with exemplary organization skills. Possess the ability to lead, develop and coach direct reports through a fast-paced changing environment. Have prior experience in workforce management and scheduling within global time zones. Have the skill to recognize gaps or support required by team members and are willing to assist. A keen eye to foresee potential issues, problem solve, and focus on developing a solution. Love meeting deadlines and changing priorities as needed. A great listener and a great talker. Experienced with 5+ years in Customer Service in a service-oriented environment. Well versed in Customer Service Management and/or supervision. Knowledgeable in Enterprise Sales with experience in service, software, or technology (a plus). Proficient in communicating both in writing and verbally in a professional, courteous, and confidential manner. Adept at working independently and/or collaboratively in a team. An excellent organizational, interpersonal, as well as written and verbal communicator. 
ScrapedJobID405:
Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication 
ScrapedJobID406:
Perform functionality, usability, and regression testing of products. Test configuration and compatibility of software on multiple hardware platforms. Contribute to the development and follow-up of test plans and materials. Track, analyze, record and verify all software functionality discrepancies and development corrections. Develop, perform, and document test procedures to verify problem fixes. Report critical issues and work with development to resolve. Carry out scheduled plans and provide feedback to QA Team Lead. Monitor progress to meet milestones or deadlines. Follow and recommend software quality assurance procedures to test and evaluate software products. Escalate critical issues to QA Management Team. Directly responsible for adhering to all company and QA policies and procedures. Perform any other duties as assigned by manager with accountability and responsibility defined prior to the commencement of these duties. Graduated from junior college or higher, with a specialty in software development and / or QA. Entry level position Knowledge of gaming, mobile testing, and/or web services is an asset ISTQB Foundation Level certification is an asset The QA Tester level 2will be the primary contact for junior testers and is expected to field the questions on basic testing processes, design, etc. The QA Tester level 2 should ensure that the testers are up-to-date with all the latest design info that may have been received from the Lead, other QA Tester level 2and/or the client. This will help prevent Invalid-As Designed issues. Spends a large part of their day testing and must complete the same tasks as the QA tester Level 1 in addition to the above tasks. Graduated from junior college or higher, with a specialty in software development and / or QA. Two to four years' experience in QA preferred Knowledge of gaming, mobile testing, and/or web services is an asset ISTQB Foundation Level certification is an asset Develop and implement test strategies, test plans, standards and processes including performance and test automation. Works as a member of a project team to analyze use cases, and ensure detailed quality test are produced. Maintains test plans and updates plan when necessary. Raises risks and issues when needed. Reports and provides status on testing phases from test plan and test case creation, test automation, bug triaging to final release. Reports on quality targets and coverage. Supports the design, development, and improvement of test documentation and procedures. Mentors, coaches, develops junior and intermediate test resources. May complete same tasks as required by QA Tester Level 1 & 2 in addition to the above tasks. Graduated from junior college or higher, with a specialty in software development and / or QA. 3-5 years of experience as a QA Tester. Knowledge of gaming, mobile testing, and/or web services is an asset ISTQB certifications are an asset Competitive salary based on experience Extensive on the job training Health, vision and dental benefits RRSP company matching contribution Staff recognition program Successful applicants will require a background check 
ScrapedJobID407:
Connaissance des technologies de l’information LAN/WAN (Ethernet, VLAN, IP) et Metro Ethernet (MEF) Aptitudes en programmation Python Aptitudes à synthétiser les systèmes à mettre à l’essai Souci du détail et esprit critique Esprit d’équipe, débrouillardise et autonomie Familiarisation avec Linux Familiarisation avec les outils d’analyse de protocoles réseaux tels que Wireshark, tcpdump, etc. Habilité à communiquer en français et en anglais Interactions avec les diverses disciplines de la R&D : Hardware, FPGA, Software, etc. Unités de test disponibles à chaque poste de travail Stationnement gratuit et circuits d’autobus desservant le Technoparc de Saint-Laurent Activités sociales favorisant les interactions avec les employés des autres équipes Café à volonté et mercredis bagels! Knowledge of LAN and WAN networking technologies (Ethernet, VLAN, IP) and Metro Ethernet (MEF) Programming skills in Python Ability to synthesize the systems under test Attention to details in order to continually improve the quality of the products Team player, resourceful and open minded Familiarity with Linux Familiarity with protocol analyzers such as Wireshark, tcpdump, etc. Ability to communicate in French and English Daily interactions with various R&D profiles such as Hardware, FPGA, Software, etc. Test units available on every desk Free parking and bus routes serving the Technoparc in Saint-Laurent Social activities promoting interactions with employees from other teams Free coffee and bagels on Wednesdays! 
ScrapedJobID408:
Build test cases based on business requirements. Work closely with the development team to ensure features are built according to requirements. Triage, investigate and reproduce bugs reported by Client Support and other stakeholders. Verify fixes from developers and deploy verified changes to the production environment. Facilitate communication of major changes to relevant stakeholders. Write automated scripts for test cases (Capybara) to verify product functionality. Contribute in improving QA tools and best practices. Experience in manual and/or automated testing of websites and API. Experience with MacOS or any other linux operating systems. Strong working knowledge of version control, and pull requests (Git and GitHub preferred). Experience with continuous integration tools - like Semaphore CI, Jenkins. Experience with relational database - like PostgresSQL. Experience with test automation tools - Capybara and Selenium. Impeccable attention to detail. Self Starter, with ability to define priorities. Ability to work independently with a strong sense of personal accountability. Strong customer service orientation. 
ScrapedJobID409:

ScrapedJobID410:
Revoir les requis, spécifications et documentation technique pour fournir une rétroaction de qualité au bon moment Créer des plans et des cas de tests détaillés, compréhensifs et structurés Estimer, prioriser, planifier et coordonner les activités de test Designer, développer et exécuter les stricts d’automatisation en utilisation des outils open source Identifier, enregistrer, documenter et tracer les bogues Effectuer les tests de régression lorsque les bogues sont résolus Développer et appliquer les processus de test pour les nouveaux produits et produits existants pour répondre aux besoins du client Coordonner avec les équipes internes (développeurs et gestionnaires de produits) pour identifier les prérequis du système Monitorer les résultats des processus de débogage Investiguer les causes de non-conformité et former les utilisateurs pour implémenter des solutions Piloter les métriques d’assurance qualité Se maintenir à jour avec les nouveaux outils et les stratégies de test Expérience significative en développement logiciel Expérience significative en assurance qualité logiciel Connaissance des méthodologies, outils et processus d’assurance qualité logiciel Expérience dans l’écriture claire, concise et compréhensive de plans de test Expérience pratique dans le test des boîtes blanches et boîtes noires Expérience pratique dans l’automatisation d’outils de test, tels que pyTest, X-RAY, Bamboo, Jenkins Solide connaissance des scripts Python et Bash Expérience de travail dans des processus de développement Agile / Scrum Bilingue Français / Anglais Connaissances en vidéo (SDI). Connaissances en IP de généreux congés payés incluant congés annuels, temps personnel et journées offertes en fin d'année une assurance collective compétitive un fonds d'action une équipe soudée et dynamique avec une multitude d'évènements d'équipe tout au long de l'année Si le poste le permet, nous travaillons également avec des horaires de travail flexibles et encourageons le télétravail. 
ScrapedJobID411:
Report to the Supplier Quality Engineer and Supply Chain Manager Satisfy customers’ quality expectations and optimizes Elmer’s manufacturing efficiency by resolving supplier quality issues. Prepares Quality Issue Reports (QIR’s) for non-conformance and facilitates corrective action(s) Corresponds with vendors to resolve quality issues and assess vendors’ capabilities. Collaboration with Production staff to investigate, document quality issues and implement solutions. Work with Quality Engineer to Identify the root cause of issues and recommend fixes. Prepares and implements inspection SOP’s and training for inspectors of incoming goods. Assist Supplier Quality Engineer to schedule and perform routine internal and external quality audits Use CAD software to update current product designs and drawings as needed. Assembly/disassembly of Elmer’s products to investigate and resolve quality issues as needed. Education Requirements: graduated or enrolled in a diploma in an Engineering Technology program from a recognized post-secondary institution Strong written and verbal communication skills in English and work well in a team environment. Understanding of technical documentation (BOM/welding/machining/laser cut drawings) CAD experience in Inventor or Solidworks would be an asset (otherwise will be trained) Familiarity with Microsoft Applications (word, excel, PowerPoint, teams etc.) Ability to work independently Report writing experience would be an asset. Familiarity with mechanical measurement tools Experience in Quality Control or Quality Assurance is considered an asset Experience with machining, welding and/or assembly in a manufacturing setting is considered an asset. Familiarity with agricultural equipment or similar equipment is considered an asset. 
ScrapedJobID412:
provide geoscientific/ecological expertise for geospatial analysis using remote sensing and GIS procedures through digital image interpretation, object based image analysis, programming and database development in support of landscape analysis and reporting create spatial data layers by conducting advanced image interpretation of terrestrial ecological features using high resolution imagery and point cloud data provide expertise for relational database (RDBMS) and other database designs employ information management strategies and methods to help create a publicly accessible multi-scale integrated database update ArcGIS geodatabases with contextual information that describe ecological features and/or landscape changes provide continual collaboration with colleagues and senior staff produce robust product metadata and project documentation/manuals as required You have knowledge of remote sensing theory and applications (i.e. false colour image composites, the electromagnetic spectrum, image enhancements, land cover classification methods, change detection, vegetation indices and elevation/terrain indices). You have extensive knowledge of GIS, statistical and remote sensing software (proprietary and open source). You have knowledge of geomatics theory and practices including, programming, python scripting, model building and analysis, geospatial referencing systems, spatial data integration, SQL querying and reporting, statistical sampling techniques, error analysis, spatial data models and database design, quality assurance, visual representation for map and graph production. You have knowledge of GPS, mobile field technologies and their application as tools to display and collect geospatial data in the field. You have knowledge of Cloud-based storage and computing technologies. You have knowledge of geoscientific and ecological principles in one or more of the following disciplines: physical geography/ecology/biology/forestry. You have knowledge of descriptive statistics (e.g. frequency distribution, mean, median, mode, range, standard deviation), correlation and regression. You have knowledge of natural resource management programs and related inventory, monitoring and assessment frameworks. You have knowledge of artificial intelligence and machine learning techniques used in remote sensing. You can trouble shoot software technical issues and provide alternative solutions, so that project methodology can be applied. You can determine complex landscape changes by analyzing multi-date imagery and consulting with experts and authoritative data sources. You can determine boundaries of ecological features that are a best fit of geoscientific principles, orthophotography signatures and the incorporation of existing data products, such as GPS collected field data and other contextual spatial data sets. You can develop multi-tiered spatial data models providing ecological mapping at coarse and fine scale mapping that accurately describe land scape changes and/or ecological features by updating ArcGIS geodatabases records adhering to topological data standards and other quality assurance and quality control standards. You have proven time management skills to ensure project tasks and interpreted map products are completed on-time and documented via project status reports. You have work experience that demonstrates your ability to work on a variety of project tasks simultaneously. You have well developed interpersonal skills to work effectively in a team environment. You have communications skills to provide team and partners with project updates showing reports, maps and/or statistical trend analysis. 1 Permanent, 300 Water St, Peterborough, East Region or 875 Gormanville Rd, North Bay, North Region or 5520 Hwy 101 E, South Porcupine, North Region or 421 James St S, Thunder Bay, North Region or 1235 Queen St E, Sault Ste Marie, North Region Effective October 1, 2021, the OPS COVID-19 Safe Workplace Directive requires all Ontario Public Service employees to provide proof they are fully vaccinated, meaning they are fully vaccinated as defined by the Ministry of Health (refer to: COVID-19 Fully Vaccinated Status in Ontario), including 14 calendar days have passed since receiving their final dose of the COVID-19 vaccine.


Employees who do not provide proof of full vaccination will be deemed ‘not vaccinated' under the Directive and will be required to attend a vaccine education program and undergo regular rapid antigen testing. Employees who are not vaccinated under the policy with a valid medical exemption will not be required to attend a vaccine education program, but must undergo regular rapid antigen testing. 
ScrapedJobID413:
Conduct quality assurance and control testing on all publications, elearning and multimedia content from:

a technical perspective – including content functionality, navigation, behaviour and consistency of interactive elements; GUI display guidelines and policies, including accessibility; visual and recording quality of video and audio content
a correctness and integrity perspective – including conformity of designed drafts to original manuscripts; editorial quality and compliance of content with style and brand standards; accuracy of transcripts and closed captioning for video and audio content a technical perspective – including content functionality, navigation, behaviour and consistency of interactive elements; GUI display guidelines and policies, including accessibility; visual and recording quality of video and audio content a correctness and integrity perspective – including conformity of designed drafts to original manuscripts; editorial quality and compliance of content with style and brand standards; accuracy of transcripts and closed captioning for video and audio content Advise on issues and suggested amendments to the client, LDD team members, developers or other collaborators, and participate in ongoing project-related communication Where applicable, attend initial needs assessment and other planning meetings to advise on needs and scope for quality assurance Post-secondary diploma with a focus on communications (writing, editing, proofreading, graphic design, multimedia communications) 3+ years' learning solutions testing and quality assurance/quality control (QC) background or desire to learn; familiarity with learning development tools such as D2L, Articulate 360 and RISE; experience with bug tracker tools and test case writing is an asset but not required 3+ years' experience editing, proofreading or QC for online content Technical aptitude with a basic understanding and ability to learn new software applications Strong copy editing ability to conduct language reviews of pre-publication / pre-design eLearning content Proficiency with MS Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Teams) Experience using Adobe Acrobat's commenting features to mark up draft content for clients and designers Working knowledge of various file-sharing systems, including shared folders, FTP and SharePoint Strong, active listening abilities Strong skills in communicating clearly to collaborate with team members and clients and to provide clear, actionable feedback as part of QC reviews Experience with or desire to learn video production best practices to advise on the quality of visual content effectively Experience working within an agency model as part of a fast-paced, project-managed production process with tight deadlines and accountabilities both to clients and fellow team members 
ScrapedJobID414:
Develop rich web and mobile applications using the latest versions of C# and Visual Studio Use the Microsoft stack and other technologies such as .NET Core, ASP.NET, MVC, TypeScript, WebAPI, SignalR, Xamarin and Redis Work with the management team to develop innovative solutions that exceed industry expectations Create test plans, apply test-driven development methodologies and assist with quality assurance Remain on top of technology and share with other team members to maintain our innovative edge Contribute to a positive user-centric agile team environment Minimum of a university degree in computer science, recognized diploma or certificate in software applications with a minimum of 1-2 years relevant experience A solid understanding of object-oriented principles A solid understanding of internet and web standards, best practices, especially relating to REST, security, privacy, and performance Can exhibit the ability to write clean code that follows a style standard Demonstrates the ability to think outside the box with a high level of creativity and problem-solving skills Previous experience with ALM and source control solutions is an asset Previous experience with mobile applications is an asset Previous experience with cloud technologies and concepts such as micro-services and serverless architecture, especially in Azure, is an asset Experience with WebRTC, video conferencing, media streaming, media conversion and media management is an asset Must be residing in North America Must have Canadian Citizenship or permanent residency and be eligible to work in Canada. We are open to working from our Saskatoon office or remotely depending on location 
ScrapedJobID415:
Create QA artifacts such as test plans and strategies with a focus on optimized testing coverage Execute test cases (manual or automated) and analyze results, report bugs and errors to the product team. Review and keep track of client deliverables, update the product team on status and provide detailed analyses when required Balance work across multiple products and coordinate with external QA teams Participate in all scrum activities while working in a Dual Track production methodology Keep track of all in house devices and stay up to date with the latest app store requirements Github, Jenkins, AWS, Unity Confluence, Asana, Mural Testrail or a similar test management suite Three or more years software quality assurance experience Proficient in at least one or more programming languages – Java, JavaScript, C# or Python. Experience writing test plans, analyzing functional and non-functional requirements, determining scope, identifying risks and developing test cases Solid experience conducting mobile app testing, gaming applications are a plus Knowledge of SDLC, Dual Track Agile and Scrum methodologies Excellent knowledge of test tools, processes and methodologies. Test management, defect management, black box testing, API testing, SIT, UAT, A/B testing, etc. Experiences with source control such as Git, SVN, Perforce, TFS, etc. Experience setting up test suites using any automation frameworks such as Selenium, Protractor, Mocha-Chai, Appium or similar automation tools Has worked with both internal and external QA teams as well as directly with the larger internal team (developers, designers etc.) Previous experience conducting fault tolerance and performance testing Previous test automation experience designing or implementing test scripts for web or mobile applications, gaming applications are a plus Working knowledge of applications made with Unity is a huge plus CI with Jenkins, understanding main concepts and some experience using the tools 
ScrapedJobID416:
Design, write, and execute test plans during all phases of product development. Collect, reproduce, and clearly document issues from test results and users Help develop and improve our overall QA program by training peers in best practices, and by staying up to date on emerging QA technologies. 2+ years’ experience in a Software Quality Assurance, or Software Testing role including developing test plans is required. Degree in Computer Science, or relevant field. Skilled in testing C++ and Python applications running in Linux/Windows environments both on edge (FPGA) and cloud. Experience in test methodologies involving Computer Vision and Video Analytics applications is a big plus. Willingness and aptitude for finding and reporting software problems. Ability to work productively with limited supervision but capable of asking for help when needed. Outstanding communication skills, both verbal and written. Stock options. Extended health insurance. Company events & social hours Life insurance Dynamic, fun and friendly work environment. Well-Funded: We are well funded by solid financial backers and customers through highly differentiated technology that has already been proven out in the real world. We just raised a second round from one of the largest privately held companies in the world for a large commercial expansion and new product-line development. ‘A’ Players: Our team is made up of talented, intelligent, and hardworking people. If you’re an ‘A’ player, you’ll enjoy the intellectually stimulating, challenging and respectfully competitive atmosphere. Growing Quickly: We’re in the process launching several new product-lines and hiring a high-performing team of people. 
ScrapedJobID417:
Develop, lead, and mentor a motivated and responsible Quality Assurance team (Automation, Manuel tests, Quality Coaches) composed of internal and external resources. Manage a team responsible for driving end-to-end testing of small and large scale features and applications that can span across multiple platforms Continually improve the operational efficiency and effectiveness of the QA effort by assessing current quality assurance practices and incorporating new strategies Optimize and standardize the use of technology, automation, and development of new test tools within the continuous delivery philosophy Demonstrate strong business and technical judgment that will accelerate time to market of releases Define and implement metrics (track and report) and reporting mechanisms Enable the QA team to design and implement test plans and test cases, conduct test plan reviews, conduct risk analysis, and drive integration testing across the system Contribute directly and individually to project testing and/or automation test development Clearly communicate issues, risks, concerns, and successes to stakeholders and higher management Monitor and report on QA Budget allocated for the teams Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field A minimum of 8 years experience in a QA environment with at least 3 years in an e-commerce environment A minimum of 5 years experience leading a QA team A minimum of 3 years experience with automated testing, Cloud deployment and continuous delivery Experience working and managing in an Agile environment Experience in software programming, automated testing frameworks, and JIRA Experience working with test case management tools such as Test-Rail and Cucumber Experience working in Continuous Integration / Continuous Deployment environments with tools such as Travis and Jenkins Knowledge of GIT, PHP, Javascript (Node.js, React), Java (Spring Boot), MySQL, PostgreSQL, and CSS Good understanding of service oriented architectures, software development and the QA life cycle, including proactive recognition and mitigation of potential testing and validation challenges Strong interpersonal skills with a proven ability to influence effectively at all levels of the organization Creative thinker with excellent problem solving abilities Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, performance-driven environment Self-motivated with the ability to work effectively under deadlines 
ScrapedJobID418:
Take leadership in requirement gathering, environment preparation, and test execution Collaborate with both the testing and software development team for ensuring the quality and serviceability of new features and releases of software. Design test approaches, architecture and methodologies to achieve high coverage of use cases, test cases and exception cases. Document and analyze test results, cooperate with developers and recommend corrective actions. Take part in the development of automatic testing system and maintenance Achieve monthly, quarterly and annual personal and team objectives Be able to legally work in Canada Degree or diploma in a software-related field with 2+ years of experience in a QA or Software Developer Role Excellent troubleshooting, problem-solving, and documentation skills Good communication skills are a must Excellent time management skills and ability to meet demanding timelines The ability to effectively handle multiple, concurrent assignments and activities Demonstrated ability to work well with multiple teams in a cross-functional environment Positive attitude in learning new technology and overcoming new challenges Experience in UNIX/LINUX-like operating systems with the ability to navigate, manipulate and understand the file structure. Scripting experience in Linux Bash or Python Extensive knowledge in network layers and TCP/IP networking fundamentals. Experience in IPv6, SNMPv3, TLS, DTLS, PKI, VLAN, certificate enrollment, encryption standards, network architecture, SQL, web services, test automation framework is a plus C/C++ experience is a plus Experience in embedded systems testing or development is a plus 
ScrapedJobID419:
Very Strong SQL writing skills(inner joins, outer joins, decoding, Develop Oracle PL/SQL packages, procedures and functions Monitor application efficiencies to identify means of enhancing performance Some development skills are a plus - PHP, .NET, etc EST support Create and monitor batch jobs utilizing a job scheduler Analyze, troubleshoot and provide solutions Interface with stakeholders to obtain a full understanding of the project requirements in order to recommend the appropriate technology to accomplish requirements Provide project timeline estimates Monitor actual deliverable deadlines against scheduled completion dates Participate in all phases of Software Development Lifecycle Support both client and department programming standards Perform unit testing of all applications developed and/or enhancements to systems Work with Quality Assurance team to ensure quality of work produced Mentor other team members Ability to be self-directed, able to focus on personal assignments while remaining part of a larger team with proven ability to multi-task Excellent Problem solving skills Good risk assessment Excellent verbal and written communications skills in English Good Strategic Thinking Excellent documentation skills Great training/mentoring skills University Degree preferred in related field Strong business acumen Excellent Written and verbal communications skills Strong presentation skills Ability to work independently Ability to collaborate with others 
ScrapedJobID420:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Accurate Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID421:
Transform visual comps into rich web interactions that are fluidly responsive, performant, semantic, and accessible. Collaborate with visual and user experience designers on wireframes, interactive prototypes, and production-ready web experiences. Evaluate design deliverables for build feasibility and provide constructive feedback to internal, client-side, and third-party designers, user experience designers, and project managers. Perform cross-browser testing and remediation for front-end performance and visual quality assurance. Partner with UX designers, web engineers and managers to move a project through development and launch. Build interactive components with modern JavaScript and React Participate in Sprint planning, retrospectives, and client demos. At least three years experience with front-end development Strong understanding of HTML, CSS including cross-browser compatibility, and basic WCAG accessibility compliance. Ability to write modern, performant, and accessible JavaScript using latest technologies. Experience using React Experience using Git. Proven ability to transform a static comp into a website from the ground up. Being collaborative, self-motivated, and an “always-learning” person, excited to create great web experiences. Experience in task runners and bundlers like: Grunt, Gulp, and Webpack. Experience with coded style guides and creating highly componentized systems. Experience with coding PHP, specifically for WordPress. Experience using WordPress as a CMS Experience with Gutenberg and building out custom blocks. Experience with Adobe XD or Design Software. Design experience or formal design education. Extended health care Paid time off Work from home Monday to Friday Front-end development: 1 year (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID422:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of experience in software development, and with data structures/algorithms. 5 years of experience testing and launching software products, and 3 years of experience with software design and architecture. Experience with software architecture. Master’s degree or PhD in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related technical field. 3 years of experience in a technical leadership role leading project teams and setting technical direction. 3 years of experience working in a complex, matrixed organization involving cross-functional, and/or cross-business projects. Experience with full stack and/or front-end software engineering. Define and grow the backend infrastructure that ensures developers can easily build high quality games on Stadia and other streaming platforms. Identify and build tools, libraries, services, and platforms. Work with other Stadia teams on impactful projects to make developers productive on Stadia and other streaming platforms. Be a technical mentor, thought leader, and a pioneer of best practices. Architect, design, and oversee implementation including code reviews, and provide technical decisions and insights for the infrastructure and tooling, while setting milestones and priorities for a team of developers. 
ScrapedJobID423:
Be an active leader in the workplace by applying your stellar communication skills by giving excellent feedback to all of your team members at weekly sprint meetings and other fun and innovative team meetings. Be passionate about the company. Be an innovative and creative thinker. Want to make positive changes in the aviation and fleet management industry. Company events Work from home Monday to Friday Weekend availability Are you legally authorized to work in Canada? Are you a Canadian Citizen or a Permanent Resident? quality assurance: 1 year (preferred) Software QA: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID424:
Owning the quality of your software product and how it performs on our content delivery platform Creating and applying test strategies that deliver high quality software solutions Using your software development skills to develop tools, test frameworks and automation of the system test process Collaborating with other software engineering teams to influence and shape the design and product development process Have a Bachelors Degree in computer science or equivalent experience. Be a natural communicator, from creating written design documentation to succinctly communicating your thoughts and ideas Have experience in software development using Scripting or Object Oriented Languages Enjoy working in a team with a real can-do attitude Be a self-starter, proactively taking the initiative to solving problems Have passion and aptitude to learn new tools and technologies Demonstrate a thorough and logical approach to proactively solving complex problems Have some familiarity with Linux/Unix-like operating systems Your health Your finances Your family Your time at work Your time pursuing other endeavors 
ScrapedJobID425:
Build and execute the QA strategy for Plooto. Help refine Plooto’s development and deployment process to ensure a high quality product for our end users. Develop test plans for smoke testing, integration testing and regression testing of the system. Execute testing for high impact and complex new features that span multiple components as well as end to end functionality. Work closely with the engineering and product to help reproduce and resolve issues. Proactive in identifying new processes, team improvements, inefficiencies and work quickly to resolve them. Live and promote our company values. Bachelor's Degree in a STEM field from a reputable institution or equivalent work experience 5+ years of QA experience in web platforms. Passion for product quality and a positive user experience. Knowledge of QA methodologies, best practices, and software development life cycle. Ability to learn quickly and manage priorities in a fast-paced development environment. Experience in project management. Highly driven and proactive with demonstrated creative and critical thinking capabilities. Experience working remotely and/or working with teams that are distributed geographically. Strive for continuous improvement and belief in collective success. Team player with excellent verbal and written communication skills. Experience with software tools for bug tracking (ClickUp, JIRA), test management (Ghost Inspector, TestRail), and code coverage (SonarCloud, Azure DevOps) Experience with regression, performance, stress, unit, API, integration, and security testing Previous experience working in a startup environment Experience working with Cake, PowerShell, Bash, Python or writing scripts and code to aid in testing Culture: We’re a purpose-driven meritocratic culture where bias, tenure, and egos are replaced with debate, data, and facts so we can spend as much time as possible on impactful work to create real value for our customers. Plus, we provide regular social events by our awesome Social Committee, live and virtual coffee chats and more! Growth: We’re a fast-paced FinTech company with numerous opportunities to learn, grow and take on new challenges. You’ll have an immediate impact. Additionally, all Plootonians can participate in the employee stock option plan from day 1. Benefits: Day 1 access to comprehensive medical and health, including 100% drug coverage. We offer flexibility through WFH options and generous time off (vacation, sick, etc.) Security: Plooto is trusted by over 6000 SMBs and their finance teams. We're profitable and have never gone through layoffs. 
ScrapedJobID426:
Designs, executes and documents test plans and checklists for websites, web applications, including test plans for functional, system integration, regression, and exploratory testing Partners with IT to ensure all web development tickets move through the development lifecycle during the assigned sprints and coordinates & conducts UAT end user testing Performs root cause analysis of issues reported and generates reports that details defects found during testing and offers recommendations for improving existing processes and implement new tools based on test results Collaborates with web developers and designers on resolution of bugs, defects, or issues found Schedules and conducts sprint planning and prioritization meetings Monitors central web mailbox, creates tickets, assigns appropriate resources, and follows up with issue reporter when issues are resolved Assists with documenting departmental procedures Bachelor’s degree in Marketing, Communications, Information Technology or a related field. This position has no direct reports. Oversees third party vendors as needed. Minimum 2-5 years’ experience in digital experience quality assurance Detail oriented with keen attention to detail Knowledge of integrated digital marketing and best practices & trends Demonstrated experience in website and web application testing Experience with tracking and identifying bugs and defects, as well as analyzing data related to software testing Experience with regression analysis and software quality assurance best practices Experience with CMS (Sitecore), CRM (Salesforce.com) and marketing automation platforms such as Marketo preferred Strong understanding of digital analytics, structured data, digital channels, customer personas, and customer journey maps Proven experience in detailed problem solving and reporting ability with an understanding of spreadsheets and databases Ability to translate complex problems clearly and in non-technical terms Up to 5% travel Work in office environment. OR Work in manufacturing environment. May occasionally be required to perform job duties outside the typical office setting. OR May occasionally be required to perform job duties outside the manufacturing setting. 
ScrapedJobID427:
Virtualization Android Microsoft Visio Consulting firm Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Criminal record check Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Sitting Tight deadlines Spreadsheet MS Windows Extranet Intranet Mail server software Project management software Data analysis software MS Office Business intelligence Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID428:
· Expectation is to run the QA team independently without much involvement/inputs from client · Review business requirements, user stories, issue logs with product owners, BAs, BSAs and end users and clarify any ambiguity ensuring test conditions are understood. · Develop test plans/cases from business and user stories, requirement specifications or CRs; define methodologies, pass/fail criteria, risk assessment and assumptions. · Be familiar with all testing types and Agile software development principles. · Execute test plans, test cases within the agreed upon timelines ensuring the application is performing as expected. · Assess and escalate critical and high-impact quality issues to the QA Manager and project team. · Troubleshoot and review logs/queues as required to analyse and prioritize potential defects. · Proficiency in documenting, recording bugs and errors discovered during system, integration end-to-end testing. · Develop training documentation and recommend solutions for corrective actions. · Capable of working with partners and leadership to identify positive and negative test scenarios based on software requirements and acceptance criteria. · Ability to communicate in a clear and professional manner, including the ability to explain technical details to non-technical users. · Great verbal and written communication skills; be able to interact with business representatives, developers, QA team members to clarify specifications, identify and resolve various issues. Monday to Friday quality assurance: 1 year (preferred) Testing: 8 years (preferred) SQL: 7 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID429:
Assists in planning and coordinating work team and may lead a group of testers and project resources Upfront involvement with blueprinting and system integration design to ensure a big picture understanding of Master data requirements and end-to-end flow of transactional data in order to orchestrate test data setup for integration test cycles Plan for building test data into QA test environment either manually or via an automated tool Maintain test data among multiple non-prod environments Understand the requirement clearly for a proper translation of them into test cases Creates, maintains, and executes test cases Create test reports, report status and metrics to the directors/managers Contribute to sizing estimates to determine capacity and effort for each project/release Execution of multiple testing types such as systems - functional and integration and regression testing including writing test cases and/or test scripts as defined by the project/release Utilizes multiple systems to manage testing, including JIRA, etc Coordinates the execution of test cases crossing multiple process threads Provides system expertise to identify and report system bugs Completes own work per defined schedules and quality expectations to satisfy project priorities with little direction from lead/manager Contributes to the development and implementation of team and group process improvements Actively participates in the decision-making process regarding test coverage for system under test Work within set deadlines and deliver high quality Ensures that company certification standards, concepts, practices, and procedures are followed Analyzes performance of programs and takes action to correct deficiencies based on consultation with project technical lead and project managers May provide technical support to project team members Is primary liaison between the technical project staff and Project Managers and stays intimately aware of all project details Maintains a broad knowledge of state-of-the-art technology, equipment, and/or systems Work in an Agile software development environment, including emergent architecture, changing requirements, and changing priorities (SCRUM, Agile, etc.) May be required to mentor/train new quality engineering staff University Degree or College Computer Science diploma with equivalent experience Must have 2-4 years of Experience including experience building test data & testing stored procedures Understanding of Banking and ATM/ABM industry is an asset Experience generate execution plans and identifying identify red flags Experience with hardware devices would be an asset A thorough understanding of development and testing methodologies Industry knowledge of Requirements Based Testing and Test-Driven Development. Demonstrate expertise at test case, test script, and test plan development, execution and automation Solid and hands-on experience in designing, developing and maintaining test plans, establishing test infrastructure, test automation Strong understanding of software integration process & pitfalls Strong judgment and decision-making abilities, problem solving ability Should be able to share opinions openly & challenge processes, testing methodologies etc. Work with minimal supervision, but know when to ask the right questions Ability to manage time and handle multiple priorities Must be analytical, detailed and team oriented Customer/Industry focused Must have VERY good communication & interpersonal skills Be creative & think outside the box, to solve problems Must have attention to detail and must value quality Strong understanding of XML Familiarity with html, javascript, json, c++, windows scripting languages (vb, batch) JIRA experience is an asset 
ScrapedJobID430:
Communicate with clients to diagnose technical issues and provide high-quality technical support. Respond to clients’ inquiries promptly with technical solutions over the phone, email, or in-person. Maintain a comprehensive documentation repository for all processes and procedures provided to the clients. Offer technical support including step-by-step instructions, backup solutions, hardware installation, software configuration, network connectivity, and training sessions, etc. to assist clients and resolve technical issues. Work closely with management and internal teams to identify areas for improvement and implement quality assurance practices and systematic procedures to ensure client satisfaction. Recruit, train, and lead the technical support team and promote a high-performance work culture through leadership. Track global and regional project risks and take actions to minimize the impacts and remove project-related obstacles. College degree in computer science, engineering, or other relevant disciplines. 3+ years of experience managing technical support/service teams is highly preferred. Excellent analytical skills and problem-solving skills. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Knowledge of emerging technologies and the ability to apply them to the company's critical organizational goals. Experience mentoring junior members of the team. Nice to have: Experience with CS software tools like HelpDesk. Full-time, Permanent #301 - 134 Abbott Street Vancouver BC V6B 2K4 $30/hour 40 hours per week 
ScrapedJobID431:
Experience working in leading Quality Assurance and Quality Control activities on medium to large scale initiatives with multiple system integrations Experience using development and testing tools/technology such as: Defect Management Tools, Test Automation Tools. Over four (4) years of related experience Project management experience Experience with project management principles and lifecycles Experience with Software Development Lifecycles and Software Testing Life Cycles Experience working with Information technology solution vendors Software Testing professional certificate from recognized organizations such as ISTQB or QAI 1 year of education for 1 year of experience; or 1 year of experience for 1 year of education. 36.25 hours per week (full time) Top candidates will be required to undergo security screening. As per the pandemic restrictions and government recommendations, the department is currently supporting working from home. Reporting to the office for onboarding purposes may be required on a short-term basis. Outside the COVID-19 pandemic restrictions, this role is expected to work onsite from the downtown office location in Edmonton. Comprehensive benefits plan:
Opted Out and Excluded – 1stChoice: Opted Out and Excluded – 1stChoice: Pension plan: Leadership and mentorship programs Professional learning and development Positive workplace culture and work-life balance  Proof of COVID 19 vaccination; If you are a successful candidate and have not provided proof of COVID 19 vaccination, you may select to produce a negative PCR (molecular polymerase chain reaction) or rapid test result, date-stamped within 72 hours of every scheduled work day/shift, on an ongoing basis starting on December 14, 2021. These tests will be paid for by the employee; Candidates and employees who are unable to get vaccinated based on a protected ground under the Alberta Human Rights Act may request approval for an exemption and accommodation. 
ScrapedJobID432:
Must have released software products to a big customer base Ability to write clear and effective test plans and cases Python programming Minimum 3 years work ex. Preferably with an enterprise as well as a startup Experience with performance testing Constantly strives for innovation and all cool things in tech. Hack to find those bugs Good communication skills and team player Work with automation tools, preferably Appium Experience in testing mobile devices. Automation is a plus Health coverage Flexible vacation policy Flexible work location after probation period Competitive salary Equity in the company Office space near subway in downtown Team lunches, parties, drinks 
ScrapedJobID433:
Work with cross-functional project teams to identify and deliver process improvement initiatives that drive increased customer satisfaction and operating cost reduction. Facilitate and lead the development of current and future processes flowcharts/process maps, and detailed procedures recommending process changes to enhance operational excellence and minimize inefficiencies. Support the integration of process improvements into business practices, establishing and maintaining high quality assurance standards, procedures and controls. Detailed plant surveys to identify sources of product loss, complete plant mass balances and confirm loss factors. Provide technical leadership and support in the development of process maps and procedures for the SOP manuals, ensuring accuracy, consistency and alignment with best practices. Complete the detailed analysis of processes within the company, including gathering and analyzing data and investigating performance. Develop, implement, and analyze KPIs to continuously improve performance and support business process improvements. Advanced analysis of metrics using statistic software and power BI. Maintain collaborative relationships with SME (subject matter experts), project team members & management across the organization. Raise awareness, support and use process improvement methods and tools through education, information and sharing of best practices. Other projects as assigned by Management. Must have University degree, preferably in Engineering. Ideally, five years of related experience, preferably within a food environment. Experience leading and implementing business change within a collaborative and values-driven environment. Demonstrated ability to influence and communicate with diverse stakeholders to gain buy-in. Familiarity with Business Process Management (BPM), Lean Six Sigma Green Belt or Black Belt. Expert knowledge of Power BI, Visio and MS Excel, and PowerPoint. Excellent written and verbal communication; effective presentation skills. Highly developed analytical, quantitative and data analysis aptitude. Exceptional organization, prioritization and planning skills Committed to employee engagement and a passion for operational excellence. Flexible to accommodate various locations and hours as needed. Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Store discount Vision care Wellness program 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID434:
or equivalent experience Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Relocation costs covered by employer Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID435:
Collaborate with your team to define test scope and strategy Test the projects and run test suite passes Identify inconsistencies and opportunities for improvement within the QA process. Experience testing on one or multiple platforms, such as AR/VR, iOS, Android, Windows or Web platforms Ability to break down bugs into their core repeatable components Proficiency in Java, C#, Python or Javascript Experience in developing and implementing test plans and test scripts Craft and develop automated software to test applications on a number of platforms 
ScrapedJobID436:

ScrapedJobID437:
Define test strategy and test plan based on software development plan Design detailed test cases based on requirements and test plan Create and maintain the traceability of requirements and test cases Design and develop test tools and test scripts to automate the testing, including test cases and test work flow Prepare test report, provide initial issue analysis, and contribute to defect prevention Setup and configure necessary test equipment and environments for test execution and automation. Test environments may include simulation or target hardware. Participate in the continuous improvement of test processes and methodologies 4+ years of software quality assurance or test experience in mobile or automotive industry 2+ years of experience in testing Android code Product development or testing experience in Android Framework, Connectivity, Multimedia, Navigation, Android Auto or Car-play domains Good programming skills in common languages, such as Python, Java or C++ Strong experience with test automation framework, tool development and scripting Solid knowledge of software quality assurance methodologies and tools Knowledge of Scrum/Agilesoftware development process Embedded software development experience as a plus Experience with vehicle communication network protocols (CAN, MOST etc) as a good plus Outstanding verbal and written communication skills Self-motivated, able to deliver on time, a quick-thinker, a quick-learner and able to work in a fast-paced work environment Strong problem-solving and analytical skills, coordination skills, and interpersonal skills Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent field Advanced degrees preferred 
ScrapedJobID438:
Developing interactive, user-friendly web/mobile applications using the latest frameworks – both open source and proprietary; Tooling to facilitate data analysis and visualization; Creating re-usable UI components; Setting up and performing A/B Tests; Unit tests, Integration tests, Performance tests and tuning to enable high performance / low latency experiences; Great inline documentation in code, code reviews to improve coding standards / performance. You will also have a lot of fun innovating on Products & Technology, including: Work alongside a team of Product Engineers in delivering products; Have fun experimenting with emerging technology, participating in hackathons etc; Help transform EY Technology into a Product organization. Be very strong in algorithms, data structures, problem solving, building to scale by leveraging cloud computing Handle ambiguity and able to move forward with imperfect information and get things done in a rapidly changing environment Must be comfortable working in an environment where ideas are challenged; Takes pride in producing clean, re-usable code and takes full ownership of the quality of code; Should possess good product instinct and excellent project management skills to push projects over the finish line with sound planning and persistent execution; Should know how to align resources to achieve desired results Expert in front end / UI technologies including frameworks such as React/Angular/Backbone/Bootstrap/Node. Proficiency in Mobile/Responsive UIs. Experience in build/CI/CD tools: Ant/Maven/Gradle, Jenkins, GIT. Fluent in a scripting languages (Python, Groovy) and Operating Systems (*nix, MacOS). Exposure to Orchestration (Apache Camel), Caching, ESB. Good knowledge of web services (microservices etc) and service-oriented principles. Great understanding of RESTful architecture. Experience in data modelling and database technologies (both SQL –preferably Oracle - and No SQL). Experience in Data Visualization/Analysis Tools (Splunk, Tableau, NewRelic, Logstash/Kibana). Experience in web application development with large/internet scale consumption (distributed, scalable and high volume systems) Familiar with DevOps, Agile/Scrum. Experience in use of cloud computing, OpenStack and infrastructure resilience and elasticity (Azure, AWS, Google Cloud, Rackspace etc) Keen understanding of Application, Infrastructure and resilience. Experience with software and product development lifecycle (incl. coding, coding standards and reviews, source control, testing, debugging, build, deployment and operations) Regular international and domestic travel. Reasonable extension of the working day should be expected commensurate with the needs to fulfil the obligations of the role. Required: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field. Or a Bachelor’s degree in any field, supplemented by additional education in Computer Science. Preferably 4+ (minimum of 2) years of product engineering experience in renowned product organizations. Have deployed code to production that takes very significant traffic volumes. Have dealt with automation / engineering issues You are Glocal, ie.
Can coordinate / collaborate with teams & stakeholders in multiple geographies
Manage teams with participants in multiple geographies.
Can quickly form strong working relationships with colleagues within and outside your location. Can coordinate / collaborate with teams & stakeholders in multiple geographies Manage teams with participants in multiple geographies. Can quickly form strong working relationships with colleagues within and outside your location. Continuous learning: You’ll develop the mindset and skills to navigate whatever comes next. Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way. Transformative leadership: We’ll give you the insights, coaching and confidence to be the leader the world needs. Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs. 
ScrapedJobID439:
Participates in benefits implementation and service enhancement projects using technology tools and techniques employed by Lifeworks Provide maintenance and support services to Lifeworks existing clients and benefits administrative teams Works under the supervision of senior members of a team and takes the initiative to get assistance when required Performs analysis of business requirements and produces configuration designs as required Sets high standards for own work and ensure high-quality outcomes are achieved Prepares project estimates and schedules of project activities as required Work as a member of the benefits implementation team configuring Lifeworks proprietary software to meet the requirements of our new and existing clients. Sets realistic and achievable expectations for deliverables Ensures effective work habits including quality, punctuality, responsiveness and accessibility to others Takes initiative to ensure the required number of billable hours is achieved Provides timely feedback to team members on matters related to configuration and team interaction Works effectively as a member of the Benefits Implementation Team Promotes teamwork and collegiality in the work environment Observes the corporate values of Lifeworks Promotes Lifeworks as the service provider of choice in the industry Attends internal training sessions to build knowledge of industry topics and trends Assists with special projects and other tasks, as required Bachelor’s degree in IT or equivalent work experience 5-7 years of experience in IT or system configuration/implementation Technical experience with ASP, ASP.NET, HTML, JavaScript, SQL and MS SQL Server We use a proprietary object-oriented configuration tool so experience using a config tool rather than starting with a blank screen is preferable Experience in SQL is mandatory, bonus if they have used MS SQL Server Management Studio H&W Benefits and/or Payroll experience is strongly preferred It is preferable if they have a background in some sort of programming. The language is not a big factor, but they need to understand the underlying concepts They will need to be able to read and interpret technical documentation They will need to be able to review logs and debug processing Dedicated team player who demonstrates initiative and independence Excellent communication, organizational and interpersonal skills Excellent time management skills and the ability to manage multiple assignments Reliable, consistent, flexible and adaptable. 
ScrapedJobID440:
BS or MS in Computer Science, software engineering or related discipline 2 years or more of software testing experience, preferably with mobile applications Hands-on experience using MSSQL and Oracle databases and relational databases concepts Strong written and oral communication skills, including the ability to present ideas and suggestions clearly and effectively. Ability to work independently and as a team member Ability to work in a fast-paced environment 1-2 years of hands-on experience with development practices and languages is desired Understanding of software application code (C#, java scripting, Selenium, Visual Studio, Playwright) with the ability to write, read, and debug it Experience in identifying high value test areas in software products Understanding of Agile software development test practices Experience in defining test plans, test cases and execution plans Hands-on experience testing web, mobile and desktop applications Hands on experience of automation frameworks and scripting languages is strongly preferred Experience in functional and unit testing Strong understanding of client-server architecture, three-tier application architecture and SPA architecture Hands-on experience in validating software specifications against business requirements Experience with common network protocols, tools such as wireshark Experience with command line interfaces Experience with Accessibility (WCAG) testing Experience testing/leveraging cloud technologies 
ScrapedJobID441:
As a Software Development Engineer in Test, you will act as champion on assigned projects Perform multiple types of black-box, white-box and grey-box testing including functional, system, end to end, data integrity, user acceptance, smoke, regression and ad hoc testing Execute and deliver test results to the team(s) indicating a Pass or Fail to ensure timely completion while maintaining acceptable service level Create automated tests for system performance Submit comprehensive defects using our bug tracking system Assist in the parallel running of the current system to ensure the new product results are validated against existing live applications Design test plans from business requirements and specifications You are an expert at troubleshooting and diagnosing system issues You have working knowledge of issue tracking systems such as JIRA Experience using automation testing tools (i.e., Selenium, Ranorex) You're a pro when it comes to managing multiple projects You can create tests with or without business requirements or specifications 4-5 years of experience in a Quality Assurance role Software development experience Experience using Linux/Unix/Windows OS Experience developing automated tests in one of the following programming languages: C# Experience with shell scripting languages (i.e., Bash, Powershell) Experience in source control systems (i.e., GIT) Experience with testing web services, and testing web applications in multiple browsers Experience with one or more databases (i.e., SQL, Oracle, MySQL, Dynamo DB) Experience with testing mobile applications for both Android and iOS devices A unique, supportive, and flexible work environment Challenges related to working in a fast-paced, growing environment Confidence to take risks when we see potential A management team that cares about people Exposure to and experience on an industry leading cloud based project management information system An extensive orientation program An opportunity to learn and gain exposure to advanced payment technologies in a rapidly growing and competitive industry A chance to join the occasional beach volleyball game or board game night 
ScrapedJobID442:
Lead a team of developers in designing, developing, and maintaining desktop/web application and framework for medical software Ensure high quality of work delivered by developers and perform code reviews Drive the development progress of our next-gen desktop/web application Mentor developers in their technical and professional decision-making based on business and product needs Manage direct reports distributed across agile teams Evaluate performance of senior and junior developers, and provide constructive feedback Identify and communicate product and project risks, and provide constructive feedback to director Work collaboratively with other software development leads on interdependent projects requiring expertise from different development fields and technology stacks. Contribute to the architectural design of our next-gen desktop/web application, in close collaboration with software architects Work closely and effectively with product managers, quality assurance analysts, and regulatory team to ensure development of quality software 3+ years of industry experience in leading a team of developers in desktop/web application development 5+ years of industry experience in desktop/web development Experience in JavaScript and frameworks such as React and Angular Experience with REST API design Experience in working with databases Experience in software development life cycle Experience in agile software development methodologies Experience inGUI development, client-server architecture, and/or visualization, C++ development, Qt Framework or QML, software architecture design (design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems), DICOM, and will be considered an asset Medical imaging software industry experience will be considered an asset Competitive compensation Comprehensive health benefits on day one RRSP matching program Transportation allowance Flexible working arrangements Professional development and tuition reimbursement program Gratifying internal recognition/kudos programs Annual salary review – based on company and individual performance Fun, inclusive, ego-free environment where diversity and individual thoughts are encouraged and valued Company/team building events such as amusement park festivals, outdoor picnics, BBQs, etc. 
ScrapedJobID443:
Microsoft Visual Studio Consulting firm Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Basic security clearance Own transportation Public transportation is available Work under pressure Attention to detail Sitting Java Internet Networking security Servers Security software HTML editing software Web service design Software development Website creation and management software MS Office Enterprise Applications Integration (EAI) C# Business intelligence Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID444:
The QA Engineer will focus on analyzing requirements, developing, and maintaining automated and manual test cases in line with ongoing agile development Develop a strategy to automate feature testing as part of the product life cycle, and to define and implement the automated test cases required to guarantee the highest level of quality and performance You will actively measure code coverage of the automation tests to identify areas of focus, and other metrics to identify areas of brittleness in the automation code, producing dashboards to provide data to the team Actively participate in continuous quality improvements for the product and processes with both automated and manual testing Participate in improving QA processes to deliver good quality product by giving feedback on existing and newly introduced processes Ability to be the voice of quality during testing, raising issues when needed, and highlighting risk Assist QA Manager in creating status and progress reports and testing metrics as required Bachelor’s degree, preferably in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent 5-9 years' QA experience with web applications and web services Hands-on experience in developing automation frameworks and writing test scripts Good understanding of SDLC and of Agile/Scrum software development process Experience writing SQL statements and database testing skills Experience working in an Agile development environment and understanding of the role of QA Excellent written and verbal communication skills with ability to work effectively in a team-oriented collaborative environment Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift Quality Assurance: 4 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID445:
You are a hard worker with the willingness to roll up your sleeves and get the job done You are a positive and optimistic team player who strives for excellence You are passionate about Automation and Engineering You are self-motivated to solve problems and understand how things work You are passionate about healthy living and have values that align with One Degree You are super organized and pay extra attention to details You can make sound and safe judgement You are willing to shift priorities and tasks when necessary to drive the project forward You are flexible in responding to challenges as changes occur You are mechanically inclined with excellent mathematical abilities You are able to deliver work up to all applicable codes on time and quality You can demonstrate independent judgment in the realistic planning, prioritization, and execution of projects, assignments, and communications Diploma, certification, or degree in Electrical/Automation/Mechatronics Engineering Minimum 2-8 years hands-on experience working with industrial automation equipment (installation and commissioning) Must have minimum 1 years of PLC and HMI programming experience with a focus on Rockwell software (Studio 5000, RSLogix 500, RSLogix 5000 and FTView Studio) Design and configuration of Allen Bradley PLC platforms (ControlLogix, CompactLogix, MicroLogix), Remote I/O Experience with VFD and Servo drives (wiring and programming) Working knowledge of MCCs On-hands experience with a variety of sensors (temperature, pressure, distance, level) Intermediate knowledge of Microsoft Operating systems and TCP/IP networking Ability to read and interpret electrical drawings Proficiency in AutoCad Electrical Ability to troubleshoot a variety of electrical and mechanical problems. 
ScrapedJobID446:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Tight deadlines Initiative Accurate Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Judgement Organized Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID447:
Leading the Quality Assurance department to improve existing QA methodologies and processes Seeking continuous improvement - identifying areas and methods to improve testing efficiency, expanding coverage and increasing product reliability Architecting, developing and maintaining an innovative test automation system Creating, designing and executing manual test cases and test scripts for functional, system, performance/integration and regression testing for our web based applications Analyzing project documents to identify test requirements and trying to find flaws within them Hunting for bugs in the software, investigating problems, finding their root cause, and clearly documenting findings into the defect/issue tracking system (JIRA) Communicating with programmers and product owners to clarify requirements Becoming a KEV evangelist within the company to your co-workers, and outside the company to clients and potential clients A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related discipline, or equivalent experience 5 years or more of experience working with a software development team, specifically in applications testing The ability to manage others Excellent communication skills Experience in web testing and black box testing Experience and a high level of comfort with writing SQL queries Exposure to test automation tools, preferably web test automation tools such as Selenium Highly organized time management skills - you’re able to juggle multiple priorities at once A high level of detail orientation – you don’t miss the little things, even while focusing on the big picture Experience with any of JavaScript, .NET, and C# would be assets Experience with running builds from TeamCity or deploying using Octopus 
ScrapedJobID448:
Help in analyzing, testing, training and implementing digital tools for employees. Understand the business context and impact of projects on the firm’s processes. Target and define needs based on business and IT strategies. Design processes and map data models. Help revamp business processes. Participate in testing and implementing new modules in the applications used. Provide concrete solutions for client needs. Maintain ongoing and efficient communication with all stakeholders to ensure solutions meet business requirements. Help improve analysis tools used by the firm. Define requirements and participate in in-depth, analytical and feasibility studies. Analyze the impact of improvements and changes requested by business units for proposed solutions. Translate business requirements into technical objectives for development teams. Produce required documentation and keep it up to date throughout the project, including: Documenting analyses and scenarios of the solutions being considered Developing and maintaining functional documentation, training on application systems and user information. Perform quality assurance testing for system development and assist super-users. Design training videos or texts for end-users. Provide functional support to users. Strong teamwork, problem-solving and diplomacy skills Initiative and a positive attitude Ability to multi-task and conduct various projects simultaneously Leadership, communication, influencing and negotiation Rigour in respecting deadlines and quality Organized, methodical and ability for time management Knowledge of user experience and high-level principles to be implemented to meet needs and requests Ability to structure and lead meetings with multidisciplinary and multi-level stakeholders Versatile and results-driven Initiative and innovation Bachelor’s degree in IT Management or any other relevant field At least two years of relevant experience in the business analysis field Sound knowledge of the most common analysis and development methodologies Bilingual (English and French) Knowledge of the Microsoft Office Suite and the Teams application Asset: experience working with DevOps Asset: experience working in an Agile model 
ScrapedJobID449:
Give our customers peace of mind by expanding and adapting our ability to provide security expertise through InsightVM/Nexpose that aligns with the realities of a constantly-changing security landscape Be creative to evolve our content automation frameworks to ensure simple and scalable processes Developing and maintaining scalable and testable ETL pipelines with responsibilities in transforming and sanitizing data Exercise various quality assurance techniques to ensure policy compliance artifacts are accurate and intuitive Improving code quality of existing frameworks Curiosity and a proven track record of personal growth and self-improvement 1+ years of experience or educational background in software engineering Comfortable and experience with one or more of: Python, Ruby, Java, Bash Affinity to systems administration and learning about new products and technologies Awareness of XML, XPath, JSON, and Regular Expressions Interest with information security principles Rest assured with medical and dental insurance through Canada Life Competitive compensation packages, RSP matching, and an employee stock purchase plan (ESPP). Keep your life in balance with unlimited paid vacation days, company holidays, maternity/paternity leave and a flexible work schedule as needed. We love to give back with company-wide community giving days, plus ample opportunity to spend time on the causes you care about. Enjoy a modern workplace featuring the latest collaboration tech, healthy snacks and beverages, quiet spaces, and many ways to let off some steam. 
ScrapedJobID450:
Expenditure authority initiation up to $50,000 per transaction . Expenditure authority contract performance up to $100,000 per transaction Standing/acting authority for Manager, Financial & Administrative Services (initiation $100,000 and contract performance $250,000) Collection of receivables up to $1 million per annum Auditing of approximately 75 capital contracts with 100 change orders, 300 capital contract payments, 75 O&M contracts, 2,000 O&M contract payments and 12,000 utility payments Supervision of support staff. Knowledge of financial planning and budgetary development concepts, and generally accepted accounting principles; Knowledge of cash flowing, auditing and analysis techniques; The incumbent must possess good analytical skills, and skills in complex computerized accounting application, MS Word, Excel or similar financial management, database management, word processing and spreadsheet software; Work in a high stress multi-tasking environment with tight deadlines; Deal with individuals where there is a high degree of tact and diplomacy required; Work in a cross-cultural environment to deal with a diverse group of clients and staff, agencies and organizations. 
ScrapedJobID451:
Develop and analyze software solutions for hearing aid market applications, hearing aid manufacturing and internal sales and marketing support. Analyze third party software for possible hearing aid market applications, hearing aid manufacturing and internal sales and marketing support. Assist in the training of customers and/or internal personnel in the use of all supported software and systems. Create Design documents as required to ensure that requirements are implemented to meet customer’s expectations. Perform Verification/Validation of software and systems. Troubleshoot software/system issues as required. Work closely with the Software Quality Assurance team to provide input into Test Cases. Maintain coding standards and best practices for software development and participate in the code review process to ensure that quality is built into the software. Work closely with the Software Manager, Senior Software Developer, Team Lead and team members to ensure that timelines for software/system deliverables are achieved. Follow the established standards developed for source code archiving to ensure that the software build/release process is tightly controlled using source control tools. Perform other job related duties as required by the Manager. Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or must be able to demonstrate a successful track record in a relevant field. Excellent organizational, communication and interpersonal skills. Previous Application Software Development experience is a strong asset. Previous experience with C#, Java, or C++. Exciting and challenging work environment Comprehensive benefits package Training and development opportunities – we believe every employee deserves a development plan. Come, learn, and grow with us! 
ScrapedJobID452:
Calling respondents to gather information needed to inform our research Completing the targeted number of survey completions required to educate and inform the specific Maintaining and securing accurate information according to Malatest standards Data entry, reviewing data, validating dataAssists in the development and design of different research Exceptional interpersonal communications in English Experience working in a call center, customer service, or an administrative role is preferred Proficient use of computer assisted telephone interviewing systems High level integrity to handle standard personal, confidential and/or sensitive information The ability to self-start, initiate, motivate, and engage in calls with positive enthusiasm to meet project Computer familiarity and technical skills are essential as well as familiarity with MS Office Employees are required to adhere to Malatest policies, privacy, security, confidentiality, and quality Malatest staff must adhere to privacy, security, confidentiality, and quality standards and be legally Availability of 25 of more hours per week Demonstrated ability to work with Windows 10, Mozilla Firefox, and basic chat software A reliable and secure home internet connection, with download speeds of at least 60 mbps Ability to work independently Demonstrated ability to meet productivity targets and attend scheduled shifts 
ScrapedJobID453:
Provides assistance for training required for the QMS and Food Safety systems Support the Quality Assurance system including the Standards ISO, BRC, HALAL, Kosher and NSF Performs internal audits. Participate in customer and certification audits Document administrator using ETQ documentation control software Promotes Food Safety Culture programs and participates on Plant Food Safety team Monitor and analyze
SQC data
Instrument NIR data
Shelf life studies
Food safety culture initiatives
Corrective actions
Preventive Control SQC data Instrument NIR data Shelf life studies Food safety culture initiatives Corrective actions Preventive Control Traceability Prepares reports as requested Follows all environmental, health and safety protocols Bachelor s Degree in Science Preferred areas of study: Chemistry, Biochemistry, Microbiology, Food Sciences Other: GMP/HACCP/Internal Auditor certificates Similar or related experience desired: preference in similar type plant or chemical ingredient industry, food safety background Essential skills/knowledge: Quality Assurance, QMS, Food Safety, auditing Strong customer focus, people skills, problem solving abilities Work is on-site, at our Port Maitland plant in Lowbanks, Ontario. Remote work not available Market competitive rate There are no housing, health, welfare, vacation, or sick benefits 
ScrapedJobID454:
Perform and contribute to the initial and ongoing clinical assessment of assigned patients Document health information from objective/subjective sources to identify client health needs Collect, document, report and monitor changes in health status using critical judgment skills Assess the patient’s ability to function independently in their home environment Responsible for external communication to physicians and medical clinics (physician requests, requesting medical records) Update primary physicians on patient status with detailed progress reports Consult with Physicians regarding the patient condition and implement treatment as ordered Implement and maintain treatments and prescribed cannabinoid treatment plan(s) Observe, report and document changes in patient status Evaluate and suggest modifications to treatment plans in accordance with the patient’s needs on an ongoing basis Record complete and accurate relevant data for every patient in a retrievable form according to policy Serve as an advocate to represent patient concerns and to ensure patient concerns and needs are addressed Participate in programs to develop and maintain clinical competency and promote professional growth Contribute to the creation of operating procedures and policies Participate in meetings, forums, and workshops (internal and external) Participate as a team member in quality improvement activities Knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite, including Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint Knowledge of Google Drive, Google Business Suite Experience with cloud-based software Experience with telemedicine concept and platforms Nurse educator experience Evidence of team commitment and good interpersonal skills in dealing with clients, colleagues, physicians and the public Evidence of flexibility, initiative and commitment Evidence of maturity, diplomacy and tact 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Nurse Educator: 1 year (preferred) Medical Cannabis: 1 year (preferred) English and French as well as write in both languages (preferred) RPN License to practice in the Province you applied for (required) RPN to practice in any other Province (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID455:
A relevant scientific discipline Competency in the use of generic and specific software packages required for the role including MS Office applications Basic lab equipment, preferably with work experience in a scientific environment Attending to detail, following written instructions and working on multiple activities concurrently Accountability, honesty, hardworking, flexibility and adaptability, and working efficiently on a team Good written and verbal communication skills 
ScrapedJobID456:
Improve data quality by automating data checking and cleaning processes in Readiness. Automate recurrent data analysis processes to reduce the amount of time between data collection and the creation of information products. Design collection tools and technical processes to improve the use of and engagement with data within the CRC and main partners. Support the development of innovative frameworks for data analysis, trends, and forecasting (project related and non-project related). Proactively reach out to internal stakeholders (service line owners, geographies and enabling services) to update financials, implementation status on activities and objectives. Maintain information management and automate tracking for projects related to readiness, in particular: risks registers, project’s quality assurance, decisions and learnings. Coordinate with internal stakeholders for the necessary data/evidence and verify processes used to obtain the data. Support the Senior Project Manager in organizing and structuring projects’ dossiers and creating user-friendly resources for staff to access, use and make analysis from data. Bachelor’s degree in a relevant discipline (e.g., computer science, computer engineering, information management systems, statistics, etc.). Proficient use of Microsoft Suite with intermediate proficiency in MS Excel and high computer literacy. With strong skills in Smartsheet and Power BI required. Experience with managing and extracting data from AX / Dynamics and analyzing complex data, with the ability to identify outliers and key trends, and to situate findings in a winder context. Experience with interpreting project data (earned values, actuals, burn rate, etc.) At least 2 years of relevant working experience in this area, preferably for governmental or non-governmental organization. Knowledge of geographic information systems (QGIS, ArcGIS), statistical programming languages and visual software an asset Good infographics and flow charts skills. Able to respond quickly in a dynamic and changing environment with strong negotiating, influencing and relationship building skills in a remote environment. The majority of the work is performed in a clean and comfortable environment. May include long to moderate hours sitting and using computers and office equipment. Ability to work non-traditional hours on short notice. Ability to work in stressful and often ambiguous conditions Full vaccination against COVID-19 is mandatory for this position and operation (the CRC will however adhere to its duty to accommodate those who are unable to be fully vaccinated for a reason related to a human right protected ground) 
ScrapedJobID457:
Extensive: defined as the depth and breadth of experience acquired in the delivery of programs or services. Depth and breadth is defined as involving multiple issues, multiple partners/stakeholders and multiple impacts/risks. 
ScrapedJobID458:
Demonstrate a high level of accountability for the creative design process and successful delivery of learning solutions to TAM clients Inspire and provide guidance to internal project teams consisting of learning strategists, learning experience designers, media designers, web developers and quality assurance associates Collaborate with business leaders to determine the direction of design initiatives and demonstrate reliability in the application of design thinking principles to projects Identify design and learning trends, as well as internal opportunities for continuous improvement within the design process Provide leadership and instruction to project team members with regard to the creative direction and interpretation of client needs and project mandates Build and nurture positive relationships with TAM clients Establish and maintain visual design standards across the organization A minimum of seven years progressive experience in graphic design A professional portfolio Fluent knowledge of the Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, After Effects, and XD) Motion graphics animation skills and a passion for visual storytelling Experience with the application of Design Thinking methods and tools Experience in a leadership role within a design department Ability to quickly learn new tools and software Strong analytical and organizational skills, with a passion for continuous learning Ability to work as a team player and demonstrate patience and humour while working with others Ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment and to prioritize projects as assigned, using sound judgment & time-management skills A background in eLearning, using authoring tools such as Articulate, Lectora, and Captivate Working knowledge of Learning Design techniques and tools Competitive salary Benefits (health and dental) Employee Assistance Program Vacation / Paid time off Remote work options Education reimbursement Access to online learning resources through Lynda, Masterclass, and Udemy Phone plan reimbursement Spacious open-concept, pet friendly office in the East End Free snacks! Beer o’clock on Fridays Casual “dress for your day” culture Bike racks Ping pong and foosball tables Casual dress Dental care Discounted or free food Employee assistance program Extended health care Paid time off Tuition reimbursement Monday to Friday English (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID459:
Working closely with the CEO, General Manager, and Lab Director to evaluate opportunities and priorities of company’s information systems and technology. Analyzing risk and devising strategies for the company’s data processing, storage, and distribution systems. Manage IT plans, schedules, policies and programs for the organizations data processing Allocating material, human, and financial resources to implement organizational policies and procedures. Monitors and reports progress on development projects, resource utilization, and production performance to CEO and GM. Organizing and leading the IT department and associated senior staff positions. Implementing and overseeing quality assurance for the company’s information systems. Identifying emerging information technologies to be analyzed, assimilated and integrated within the organization. Proactively managing and minimizing internal and external risk. Strong communication with a wide range of stakeholders. Motivates and mentors while keeping to our core values and vision. Oversees the development of mission-critical applications and technology to support the company’s long-term goals. Assess issues regarding information systems and create manageable solutions. Recruiting and training middle management. Representing the company as necessary. Post Graduate degree (or equivalent) in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related field. Minimum 10 years of related experience in a technical role. Previous knowledge and experience with LIMS(Laboratory Information Management Systems) Previous knowledge and experience with CRM (Customer Relationship Management) and Project Management software. Strong leadership and supervisory skills. Proven track record in risk management. Exceptional verbal and written communication skills. Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Thorough understanding of Information Systems and Technology policies and procedures. Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite or related software. Dental care Extended health care On-site parking Vision care Wellness program 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Master's Degree (required) Information Technology: 10 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID460:
Work with DevOPs/Development team to implement overall testing plan including unit testing, API and end to end tests Create and execute comprehensible, repeatable, and measurable regression test suites for new and existing functionality. Identify, evaluate, report and document defects during the design and implementation phase. Escalate issues to Development and QA Management quickly and effectively. Analyze, epics and stories to validate project requirements to achieve quality end user experience Enhance enterprise standards where gaps exist Help with root cause analysis, which may identify issues in the API, DB, reporting, front end or even requirements Improve the quality and usefulness of existing features, by refactoring, decomposition, bug-fixing and preventive maintenance Identify and act on opportunities to improve the way we plan, develop, test and deploy our software Lead by example in the practice and promotion of excellence in software engineering Serve as an active mentor to less-experienced developers Minimum 5 years of testing experience, ideally web based applications Minimum 3 years of experience working in a TDD environment Several years of practical experience developing and testing web-based commercial software that users love (in any modern tech stack) Great communication skills. (Yes, everyone writes that - but we really mean it.) Demonstrated ownership and pride in the quality of the software you work on, and the way that it succeeds in meeting the needs of its users Work collaboratively in a team environment with Product Owners, Developers, Scrum Masters, DevOps, and IT to ensure delivery of a quality application. Strong development experience with SQL, UNIX, JavaScript Good written and oral communication skills Bachelor of Science Degree or higher education (Computer Science or related field is an asset) Developing and maintaining products that are used by many thousands or millions of people Cypress, Postman Typescript, Node.js, Rails, React, Python Kafka, Amazon MQ, RabbitMQ or similar streaming or messaging systems EdTech, eCommerce, or content-management software Relational databases, ORM frameworks, and their alternatives Microservices or SOA; RESTful APIs, JSON AWS, Docker, Kubernetes, ELK stack DevOps, Observability, Infrastructure as Code The opportunity to have an impact on a product that is positively affecting change to thousands of students lives every day Working alongside a brilliant and globally diverse team based in Waterloo and Toronto Great compensation and benefits package to keep you healthy and happy! #Remote #Canada 
ScrapedJobID461:
Service – You consider both internal and external stakeholders and demonstrate intent of understanding and putting the clients’ needs first. You advocate service excellence and work to deliver solutions that meet the needs. You proactively develop strategic partnerships that allow Aviso Wealth to become a trusted advisor and partner Execution – You are committed to achieving your goals and to succeed. This includes focusing on “getting things done”, as well as recognizing and taking advantage of opportunities as they arise. You are consistently looking for ways to improve your personal best and see value in continuous improvement. You take accountability for your actions and learn from mistakes Collaboration – You work collaboratively with others with the common goal of driving positive results. Making meaningful contributions to your team to achieve organizational goals is a priority. You proactively encourage collaboration, build trust and inclusion, and work to establish effective relationships both inside and outside of the organization Lead and independently conduct audit engagements and follow-up reviews as determined by the internal audit plan Deliver high quality work that is on time and in compliance with leading practices and IIA quality standards Plan, perform, evaluate, summarize and communicate activities in a professional, competent, independent and objective manner Communicate with management to discuss audit findings and agree upon a course of action and/or solutions to mitigate the risks Liaise with contracted third party auditors to facilitate effective and efficient completion of the internal audit plan Become a trusted business partner to key stakeholders Provide guidance to team members Propose new work approaches and methods to optimize performance in areas such as data analytics, data visualization and reporting Related Bachelors or Post Graduate Degree is required Relevant certifications (Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA), Certified Internal Auditor (CIA), or other applicable professional certifications) is required 5+ years of progressively internal audit experience, preferably within the financial services industry (credit union, securities dealer/broker, asset management, insurance) is required Demonstrated ability to work effectively with all levels within the organization, including senior management is required Experience with audit management software and data analytics is an asset Fluent communication skills in English are required and bilingual skills in French are an asset Competitive compensation package that rewards and recognizes individual contributions Excellent health, dental and insurance benefits to meet the diverse needs of our employees Generous vacation time, fitness benefit, parental leave top-up options Matching contributions to our retirement program Commitment to the continuous improvement of our staff through learning & development and an education assistance program Regular social events to foster teamwork 
ScrapedJobID462:
gives back to the community has leadership that inspires, coaches and mentors allows you to speak up and be heard AND ... likes to have FUN? Design and setup and maintain processes to support various Market Place datasets Undertake development work on new and existing GIS applications and services Develop front end display systems to visualize data being served by backend systems Create custom workflow tools and add ons Assist with formal analysis of user requirements about new and existing systems, and to provide appropriate design documentation Ensure developed software is robust, performs as expected and meets the user`s functional requirements Ensure developed software has undergone unit and system testing prior to handover to the production team Assist in estimating the effort and time involved in the tasks that have been delegated to the team. Working with other developers to integrate GIS functionality into customized stand alone and web-based solutions Plan and update GIS applications and servers ensuring jobs and functions work as expected. Administer system keeping them updated with help from systems administrators Operate proactively within an environment of closely managed projects, providing regular task updates and supporting project management processes Participate in quality reviews, constantly striving to improve working practices Assist with the development and management of geospatial data within an enterprise environment Integrate and design functionality to help automate processes where appropriate Work with Operations to ensure all systems function as intended and without impediment to existing products or processes Assist in quality assurance testing including the development and execution of test plans Liaise with partners and vendors to ensure successful integration of content and/or systems Act as a project leader when required Perform other development activities as determined by Manager for various proof of concepts University degree or College diploma in Computer Science, Information Technology or a related discipline. Minimum 3 years related job experience Technical experience with GIS applications, specifically ESRI ArcGIS 10.x(or more recent version) products including ArcGIS Desktop, ArcGIS Server and ArcSDE on PostGresql Server. Experience with relational database management systems and strong knowledge of big data and data structure optimization A good working knowledge of geographic information management and spatial data standards Experience with FME workbench and server technologies (optional) Experience with data modeling and system design methodologies Experience in geodatabase design and administration Experience in advanced geo-processing techniques Proven knowledge and experience as a developer in GIS based solutions Understanding of best principles and practices related to web application security Experience developing and testing service-oriented architectures Experience with deploying and testing customized web applications integrated with Esri products Knowledge and experience developing software solutions with ArcGIS Enterprise Experience with.NET, C#, ASP.NET, MVC/Core Experience with Python and the ArcGIS API for Python (ArcPy, Python API for ArcGIS) Experience with the ArcGIS APIs for JavaScript Sound technical knowledge of Geographic Information Systems Ability to work under pressure, meet deadlines and quickly analyze a problem Excellent analytical, problem-solving and decision-making skills Works well as a member of a team Critical thinker and analytical problem solver Attention to detail and accuracy Strong written and verbal communication skills Well-developed organization and documentation skills Ambition and interest to contribute to new process improvement Remote Work Environment #ChooseOurOwnAdventure . Read more about our remote work environment here! Summer Hours ️ Wellness Program Lunchtime virtual gym sessions? Count me in! Course Reimbursement Program – We want you to keep learning, so we can too! Personal Days in addition to Vacation days An extra day off during the month of your birthday - our gift to you! Open and transparent communication, including bi-weekly All Hands Meetings with our CEO Pelmorex Learning Academy includes offerings like French, Leadership (for people leaders and non-leaders alike), yoga, mindfulness Your mental health is important to us! We partner with Inkblot for virtual counseling sessions Free online doctor visits with Maple Online Healthcare Personal Spending Account - Full-Time employees will receive $500 per year While we encourage 1:1 conversations, we recognize that not everyone is comfortable with speaking up. We have an anonymous reporting platform (Speakfully) to ensure everyone’s voice is heard Weather is inclusive, we will be too. We have an IDEAS (Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Awareness, Solidarity) team committed to making this happen! 
ScrapedJobID463:
Providing front-line Mac / iOS technical support to Marketcircle’s customers Troubleshooting and resolving technical issues related to our award winning software Ensure all problems are logged in detail and resolved to the satisfaction of the client Troubleshooting and resolving technical issues related to our software via email, remote screen sharing, live chat and/or phone calls Act as the primary interface between Customer Advocate, Quality Assurance and Engineering Teams Proactively support customers by spotting trends and predicting customer needs Highly familiar with Apple Operating Systems (macOS & iOS) A strategic thinker: you have the innate ability to identify technical trends and sound the alarm as needed Detailed oriented: nothing slips past your watchful eye Empathic: you put yourself in our customers' shoes and feel the pain and frustration they do Possess a strong ability and understanding of task prioritization Have excellent communication; You’re able to actively listen and are ’thick-skinned’ Can pick up technology easily and are committed to learning Have a strong work ethic without having to be micro managed Is not afraid to share thoughts and ideas in team meetings on how to continually raise the bar for improvements and customer satisfaction Daylite Billings Pro Zendesk Teamviewer Jira / Confluence PSQL / SQLite Graylog Console Terminal 
ScrapedJobID464:
Provide first and second-level problem resolution for BCEHS IT and Telecommunication users across the Province of British Columbia.by monitoring incident tracking system and resolves tickets at the tier 1 and 2 level; identifying and categorizing alerts into bugs or enhancements; works with users to identify specific internal or external processes and options for resolution; analyzing and documenting problems details; compiling incident assessments on functional problems or recurring issues for maintenance scheduling. Assist users in resolving telephone issues and problems , including wireline, wireless landline and various landline systems and services by methods such as analyzing/diagnosing presented issues, identifying, formulating and implementing potential solutions and evaluating outcomes. Deliver remote technical support and problem solving. Investigates and resolves hardware and software issues and problems related to existing systems and applications according to established procedures. Provide support for all Information Technology products and services. Support may include answering questions, troubleshooting problems, teaching or instructing customers regarding software or hardware functionality, and communicating policy. This role may also assist with troubleshooting printer issues and resolving difficulties with Smart Classroom Technology. Provide full technical support for non-standard products (e.g. scheduling systems, all LOB applications); installs required HW and SW; investigates, documents, analyses, diagnoses and resolves issues. Handle break/fix, configuration issues, troubleshooting, software installations, hardware repair (including in-house repair or coordinating depot services). Design, develop and document technical support materials, such as end user instructional material on use of new technology. Conduct testing of application deployments when required to ensure quality assurance of end product, including unit testing and systems integration Proactively researches and evaluates various IT and Telecommunication solutions; recommends new/ revised service delivery options, technologies, products and services to ensure BCEHS’ initiatives are aligned with current best practices, technological trends and upgradeable for future needs. Provide clients and departments with different options for equipment, service delivery and cost efficiencies according to user needs and requirements. Liaise/follow up with vendors to ensure issues are resolved. Participate in Projects, helping to gather requirements, creating and documenting processes, testing and implementing Perform other related duties as assigned. Grade 12, graduation from a recognized two year computer systems technology diploma program plus two years’ recent, related experience or an equivalent combination of education, training and experience. Ability to type. Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing. Ability to deal with others effectively. Physical ability to carry out the duties of the position. Ability to organize work. Ability to operate related equipment. Join one of BC’s largest employers with province-wide programs, services and operations – offering vast opportunities for growth and development. Access to professional development opportunities through our in-house training programs, including +2,000 courses, such as our San’yas Indigenous Cultural Safety Training course, or Core Linx for Leadership roles. Enjoy a comprehensive benefits package, including municipal pension plan, and psychological health & safety programs and holistic wellness resources. Annual statutory holidays (13) with generous vacation entitlement and accruement. PHSA is a remote work friendly employer, welcoming flexible work options to support our people (eligibility may vary, depending on position). Perks include access to fitness classes and discounts to 350 BC-wide recreational programs, travel, technology, car and bike sharing, and more. 
ScrapedJobID465:
We celebrate a good challenge and are not afraid to roll up our sleeves. We think out loud and operate on creativity and diverse perspectives. Our high functioning teams are built through trust and empathetic leadership. Develop and establish quality assurance measures and testing standards for new applications, products, and/or enhancements to existing applications throughout their development/product life cycles Work alongside developers, UX designers, product and other QA to deliver a high-quality, polished experience and accompany projects from conception to implementation Analyze and break down requirements into test suites to ensure maximum coverage. Test (both manually and through automation) applications built in Angular, React, and Ruby on Rails Identify, analyze and document issues and manage the end to end defect life cycle. Develop and maintain automated test scripts Create and improve testing-related documentation as needed Be the first line of defence when it comes to triaging and handling incoming bugs from production Know what worked and why what works and why & what won't work and why Proactive personality, and a desire to deliver your best work A love for improving software development workflows/processes Challenge the team with new technologies and standards that improve our process 5+ years experience in writing test cases. 5+ years of experience testing web applications. 3+ years of experience writing automated tests using automation tools like selenium/cypress. Experience with functional, integration, regression, and smoke testing. Experience with developing test automation Familiar with bug management and test case management tools like Test Rails, JIRA. Strong understanding of development cycles within a continuous delivery environment. Experience working on consumer-facing products Proven strong communication and problem-solving skills Solid attention to detail. Healthcare benefits Parental leave Equity benefits Company events 
ScrapedJobID466:
Perform manual and automated testing on new Graphics driver features and new AMD GPUs Build, set up computer components into test machines Maintain a pool of test machines used for automation test farm File issues reports on SW defects found in testing Perform experimental and regression testing to investigate the root cause of the defect Connect with development team to drive each bug to closure Write and maintain test scripts to convert manual test cases into automation test cases Knowledge of AMD Radeon GPU and APU series, and AMD software products and technologies Solid understanding of PC components and experience in building PCs from scratch Strong interest in computer graphics, gaming, benchmarking, etc. Strong communication skills in written and verbal Passionate about software testing and delivering quality product to customers Knowledge in scripting languages e.g. PowerShell, Python or VBScript Previous experience working in Software quality assurance is a plus Undergraduate degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science or similar Canada, Ontario, Markham 
ScrapedJobID467:
Understanding and deciding test coverage related to Regression test, Sanity test and Adhoc Testing. Creating/Modifying test-related artifacts (test cases, test report) Preparing test data and environment as needed to complete testing assignments Performing testing (functional, regression, sanity, and performance) Analyzing problems and complete detailed reports Tracking the defects into bug tracking tools Supporting development team to reproduce the bugs Providing QC Leader, Daily / weekly / On-demand report on the status of assigned tasks Ensuring that assigned tasks are executed on time and with quality Strictly following the project and organization process, policies, and regulations An Associated degree in computer Science/Information Technology 3-4 years QA working experience 2+ years of experience with Web applications Good problem-solving skills Good communication skills (English: Writing and speaking) Proactive, Self-organized and responsible Self-Training; Wanting to learn more Experience with VSTS or Other bug tracking tools Familiarity with SDLC working methodologies Experience or understanding of automation with Java Selenium Experience with SaaS Cloud web application A 15-20 mins “get to know you” interview with our HR and QA Director A one hour interview with a take home challenge presented to our QA/Product and general questions afterwards. A short 15-20 mins “get to know you” with our CEO and COO. Flexibility with working remote Company paid benefits Company RRSP matching Health spending account Great vacation and leave time Great team activities Cooperative, caring, and team-driven culture Exceptional opportunity for growth and development Snacks and lunch at the office (when we are back in the office) 
ScrapedJobID468:
Drive the development of new products based on AI/Machine Vision technologies. Work with sophisticated laser projection and vision systems relying on photogrammetry and galvanometer systems. Develop innovative solutions utilizing micro-service architectures. Skilled in your approach employing object-oriented methods and principles on real-world problems. Excellent analysis, problem solving and communication skills. Strong desire to work in an Agile team using Scrum. Demonstrated track record of delivering superb, high-quality solutions. Strong desire to learn and share you learning with colleagues. Extensive experience with object-oriented programming languages (C++/C#, .NET). Demonstrable ability to apply Test Driven Development. Demonstrable ability to use artificial intelligence, deep learning or vision analytics. Experience in UI/UX is an asset. Experience with 3D CAD kernels (e.g., Spatial® ACIS, InterOp, HOOPS) is an asset Knowledge of networking technology is an asset. Background in computer vision/robotics or calibration algorithms is an asset. University degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent experience. 
ScrapedJobID469:
Coding of enterprise wealth management software Work with technical architects and senior software developers to define and document solutions Effectively collaborate with business analysts, quality assurance analysts, and DBA's throughout the software development life cycle Review, test and document software functionality Analyze, debug and resolve defects and/or production issues Meet deadlines and complete development solutions with quality Developers are expected to be team players: intra- and inter-department co-operation fosters morale and productivity Developers are expected to be proactive about the development of their business knowledge, including understanding fundamental concepts of Broadridge RPM's systems like including, but not limited to, clients, plan accounts, investments, order entry, order fulfillment and settlement, and taxation. Developers are encouraged to develop these skills through training with other developers, both one on one and in group environments, and training on test environments, as well as through courses like IFIC. University or College Degree in Computer/Software engineering or a related discipline 1-2 years of software development experience Comprehensive knowledge or experience of the following technologies: Java, SQL, PL/SQL Knowledge or familiarity with Oracle performance tuning is an asset Interest or experience developing financial applications, preferably within the Wealth Management industry, such as banking, mutual funds (record keeping or distribution) and/or securities A proactive, “service-first” attitude combined with strong written and verbal communication skills Ability to work independently on projects, with tight deadlines, under minimal supervision 
ScrapedJobID470:
Planning, developing and executing tests against client/server products Analyzing the test results Relational Databases such as MS SQL Server and DB2 Automated test tools Software development, system analysis, large scale system integration/implementation/maintenance 
ScrapedJobID471:
Responsible for construction site quality assurance inspections - including, but not limited to, hardwood flooring, tile, kitchens, appliances, plumbing fixtures, framing, concrete placement, etc. Reviewing construction documents for suites and common areas and ensuring design compliance and construction quality by flagging any discrepancies to management Assess the Construction Manager’s project timelines and milestones and provide input and feedback Monitor stock levels between suppliers and installers, assisting with forecasting and inventory planning as required Responsible for making sub-trade process improvement recommendations Liaise with PDI Auditors, proactively looking for and resolving deficiencies prior to PDI Audits Review project team reports and identify discrepancies with site conditions Proactively reviewing proposed changes in project scope, identify potential issues and report to executive team Participate in project postmortems to identify successful and unsuccessful project elements Work closely with the VP Design and Construction overseeing the design teams to ensure that design intent and constructability are in alignment Review existing agreements and recommend amendments as necessary for future projects Work closely with the VP Design and Construction to ensure timely delivery of suite finishing packages both during Pre-Construction and Construction phases Health & Safety conscious, document and report all concerns, accidents, and incidents to immediate supervisor for follow up and take appropriate action Read and adhere to the Employee Handbook Guidelines, Policies, and procedures Embody and uphold Great Gulf brand standards Other duties as assigned Post-secondary degree in Engineering or other construction related discipline 3+ years’ experience in a QA role, preferably in High-rise Residential This position works in both indoor and outdoor environments on construction sites: heat, cold, dirt, rain, noise. Depending on the day and weather conditions of the job will change, long exposure isn’t consistent but at times is needed. Some computer work, sitting at a desk to compile reports, enter payment releases, emails and other administrative tasks. 90% Constant standing and walking throughout shift. Bending, twisting, walking down and upstairs. Mid to high paced. Monday – Friday shifts during the day (flexible hours, working when construction site works). May have need to climb step ladder to inspect ceiling conditions. Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Day shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) quality assurance in high-rise residential: 3 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID472:
Review product requirements and other technical documentation to ensure testability and completeness Define and document the test strategy and integration/system test cases for new features. Review and validate completed work from Scrum teams for every sprint on QA integration environment by performing End to End, Exploratory, Integration, System and UAT tests Develop test cases using Selenium and REST Assured, in a Linux or Microsoft Windows environment, for our Web Application (user interface) and our middle tier RESTful endpoints Execute manual and automated test cases on a regular basis, measuring and analyzing code coverage over time Perform Production Verification Testing Collaborate closely with other teams to analyze and resolve issues Contribute to the continuous improvement of our test automation framework and quality assurance processes Guide and mentor junior members of the team Good oral and written communication skills 5+ years of experience with testing Enterprise software in a Client/Server or Web environment, focusing on Security, Performance, RESTful APIs, and Web Application testing 3+ years of experience developing automated functional tests Solid test plan and test case writing skill A degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent Self-motivated, independent, detail orientated, and responsible team-player Bonuses Experience with VMWare, Windows, and Linux operating systems Show us how your analytic ability, experience, and ability to think like a user help you create test strategies and cases that ensure our product quality is top notch Experience with Confluence, JIRA, Jenkins, Test Management for Jira (Zephyr Scale), REST Assured and Selenium WebDriver Experience with cloud environment such as AWS or Azure Experience with Micro services testing 
ScrapedJobID473:
Supports & coordinates with internal and external resources (service, sales & marketing, purchasing, project management, engineering) and brings significant problems encountered to senior engineer’s attention. Interaction with NOV groups, customers and vendors through the quoting, scheduling, cost reviewing, design, assembly, and delivery processes; assisting to resolve challenges and questions. Assist with recruitment, evaluations, and promotions of employees. Conduct training and coaching for employees in new work roles/tasks, safety procedures, and company policies. Demonstrate the capability to work independently on complex and multiple projects requiring judgment to resolve problems. Familiarize yourself with operational controls such as safe working practices and job hazard analysis as appropriate to specific work tasks. Assistance with development, promotion and review of these processes and documentation could be required. Responsible to follow all applicable company and corporate policies, guiding principles, procedures and programs; including but not limited to the process map, support processes, health, safety and environmental requirements. Preparation of fabrication, and assembly drawings for drilling rig equipment and components Preparation of engineering calculations for drilling rig and components Preparation of technical purchase requisitions for drilling rig and components Develop project plans to define tasks, schedules, expenditures and responsibilities for the projects assigned. Participation in Factory Acceptance Testing (FAT) of drilling rig equipment Review of contract documents Preparation of proposal & concept drawings Preparation of engineering and production Gantt type schedules Prepare engineering project task charts for assigned projects Update and forecast new estimates to accurately monitor projects Support production in building product models Evaluate new and existing products for possible improvements and utilizing field data Participate in field operations and installations in Canada and abroad Project management and coordination as required Participate actively in quality assurance work within the company Respond to Engineering Change Notices (ECN). Bachelor's degree in engineering Eligible for registration with, a member in training or a member of APEGA Ideal candidate would have 5+ years experience in rig design or engineering but not mandatory Excellent Communication skills (verbal and written) Ability to conceptualize and design systems AutoCAD is required MathCad, SAFI and Inventor knowledge is an asset Microsoft Office & Outlook knowledge an asset 
ScrapedJobID474:
Designs, implements and maintains infrastructure to facilitate efficient and effective use of systems for day-to-day operations Works with Subject Matter Experts, Business Analysts, Business Architects, and Solution Architects to document the business/functional requirements for application and data integrations ensuring that all factors enabling the technical design and implementation of the requirements are included at an appropriate level of detail. Works with the programmer analysts and quality assurance staff to document and facilitate Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) and Application Programming Interfaces (API)/Enterprise Data Objects (EDO) as well as any other software technical requirements. Creates and Maintains the technical business documentation within the appropriate tools. Works with the programmer analysts and quality assurance staff as a liaison for software related issues. Coordinates the development and integration of applications with other UBC systems and services. Perform in-depth troubleshooting using knowledge of network/server administration, internet protocols, database architecture, and application configuration. Modifies applications and conducts testing of customizations to ensure specifications are met. Documents these changes and subsequent QA scenarios. Provides custom reporting, data analysis and extracts. Performs functional requirements to the software functional requirements and data mapping Assesses client needs utilizing a structured requirements process (gathering, analyzing, documenting, and managing changes) to identify business priorities and recommends options. Identifies, elicits, and documents business requirements, defines business rules and communicates requirements for the implementation of solutions. Performs formal system audits and develops written procedures, standards and practices to ensure a high level of availability, security, data integrity and hardware/software compatibility. Generates reports on usage metrics, overall systems and applications performance indices using industry-standard methodologies to ensure compliance with Service Level Commitments. Liaises directly and indirectly with vendors and other service owners. Analyzes and reviews existing or proposed system features and integration, security, scalability and performance requirements with clients, business analysts, and team members. Manages production and non-production application environments. Maintains core application infrastructure, including virtual servers, networks and firewalls. Plans and performs global configuration changes or module deployments for enterprise or complex applications. Develops or modifies software code to meet specifications or facilitate integration. Develops application documentation requirements for functions, modifications, backups and operating procedures. Provides ongoing maintenance and operational support for applications. Leads the assessment of client needs utilizing a structured requirements process (gathering, analyzing, documenting, and managing changes) to identify business priorities and recommends options. Identifies, elicits, and documents business requirements, defines business rules and communicates requirements for the implementation of business solutions. Communicates with stakeholders of varying technical ability and subject matter expertise. Leads short-term planning sessions to implement integrated business process improvements and documents discussion and agreements. Provides consultative services for the development of policies and procedures. Analyzes metrics to ensure for client satisfaction. Provides input to feasibility studies for standard development projects and enhancements. Provides technical guidance and leadership to less-experienced individuals. Prepares functional, system and program specifications. Develops user test cases and validates test results during user acceptance testing and system acceptance testing stages. Typically performs functional testing. May prepare project status reports and communicate status to client. Maintains appropriate professional designations and up-to-date knowledge of current information technology techniques and tools. Performs other related duties as required. 
ScrapedJobID475:
Gather requirements with stakeholders, users, business and technical staff to identify goals, user needs, drivers for change, current processes, pain points, risks, external factors and what the solution needs to do along with viable solution options Facilitation of user sessions and group meetings supporting business case development Identify what is behind and underneath the requirement as well as identifying the root cause of issues and pro-actively identifying project risks Research and evaluate possible technologies or vendor solutions and work with architects to propose solutions Collaborate with the team to identify opportunities for improving processes, communications and operating efficiencies for clients and ID Fusion’s internal operations Produce documentation such as requirements, solution overviews, wireframes, solution designs, process maps, flow charts and other project documentation Support in the estimation of project effort, costs and timelines Lead quality assurance activities in writing test cases, perform testing, quality assurance and act as a liaison between users and the development team during UAT Provide client consulting and technical support services on project implementation Develop and deliver support, training materials and training sessions 5 years+ of experience as a Business Analyst with a track record of getting things done Excellent communication skills, written and verbal Demonstrated analytical and problem-solving skills Experience in custom software / technology projects Strong knowledge of business analysis best practices Superior relationship management skills Tech-savvy and can pickup new tools quickly Experience in creating wireframes for user interfaces Relevant University degree or college diploma Product design experience, either mobile, web or desktop apps 
ScrapedJobID476:
Be curious about how to continuously improve output and performance. Keep us on track with your high levels of organization and attention to detail. Contribute meaningful insights that feed and enhance the product backlog. Establish a world-class data structure and strategy for the organization (working closely with the Head of Product. Execute your winning data strategy and present your findings in dynamic and meaningful ways. Build an end-to-end organizational process around data from the ground up. Capture exceptional quality data with a low margin of error. Collaborate with clients using empathy and listing skills to deeply understand their reporting needs. Establish a set of generic reports for the role-based security client dashboard, and continuously iterate for improvements. Empower users by training them on how to benefit from new reports or dashboards. Spearhead problem resolution by taking charge and ownership and delivering creative solutions based on your expertise. Shape the future of the organization with your research and evaluation of new technologies and tools for research and data analysis. Ability and experience working with descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive analytics. Ability to mine data from primary and secondary sources. Ability to translate complex theory and lingo into clear and simple information for stakeholders. Ability to ensure the highest quality of the data, while being able to troubleshoot underlying issues as needed. Proven ability to deliver data analysis documentation to the stakeholder level using visuals and dashboards where appropriate. Skilled at problem-solving for client, design, or product needs. Strong collaboration skills to work alongside product, development, QA, and designer teams to identify opportunities for process improvements, recommend system modifications, and develop policies for data governance. Good written and verbal communication skills. Very good understanding of SQL language and able to run queries independently. Above-average skills in Excel or Google Sheets. Experience in working with Power BI. 2+ years of experience working with Google Analytics and Google Data Studios. Experience in working with Agile teams is considered an asset. Strong analytical, problem resolution, and decision-making skills. Bachelor’s degree in computer science, or equivalent. Maintaining professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies. Bilingualism (English/French) is considered an asset. Above-average pay Opportunity to work alongside top performers Creative and flexible compensation packages Flexible remote work environment A meaningful mission Paid training opportunities Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID477:
Develop and implement the Algolux product testing and Quality Assurance strategy, compliant to industry standards (e.g. ASPICE for the automotive industry) Involved in planning, designing, developing, and executing detail-oriented automation test scripts and test cases based on product specifications and requirements for both integration and system-level tests. Actively participate in test planning discussions with the research and development teams to assure automated testing coverage is continuously improving both functional and non-functional requirements. Collaborate with manual testers, and researchers to improve QA processes, participating in scheduled scrum meetings. Analyze the root cause of automation test case bugs/failures and submit bugs in the issue tracking system along with the full description of expected results, referring to design specifications, and all the required artifacts needed by developers to reproduce the reported bugs/failures. Collaborate with manual testers to improve exploratory/manual testing in areas where automation is not yet available. Advocate code-level testing and establish good practices within the team. Design performance/regression tests on software releases and for different target platforms/configurations. Collaborate with DevOps to plan and execute performance/regression tests. Produce reports of performance/regression testing on software candidate releases along with a continuous discussion with research and development team leads Minimum of 10 years experience in product testing automation and Quality Assurance, with 2-3 years as a Team Lead or Manager Minimum of 3 years experience in Computer Vision system testing (or similar type of signal processing systems, such as speech recognition or remote sensing) Minimum of 3 years experience in hardware testing Experience with Python programming and their related testing frameworks Experience working with Docker Highly experienced in developing test automation code for applications in all QA categories (Unit, Integration, System, Stress and Performance). Hands-on experience of Linux shell scripting and package management tools. Experience with one or more of Continuous Integration tools such as Gitlab CI/CD, Jenkins, Travis or CircleCI. Familiarity with Issue Tracking systems such as Jira Familiarity with Test Case Management tools such as Xray, qTest, PractiTest, etc. Experience with heterogeneous target platforms with a good understanding of CPU, GPU Architectures such as ARM, AMD, Nvidia and Intel Experience in producing benchmarking reports, Experience working with cameras Experience with C++ programming 
ScrapedJobID478:
Lead regular team meetings, including reviewing work in progress, conducting roadmap planning and setting/adjusting department priorities and strategic objectives Line manages Data Quality Coordinator staff members, monitoring performance and developing individual capability
Provide guidance and support for goal creation and achievement through Performance Management Program
Perform routine assessments on performance, providing and soliciting feedback from team members
Document employee feedback and performance as well as initiating corrective action procedures as required
Approve vacation days and office equipment requests Provide guidance and support for goal creation and achievement through Performance Management Program Perform routine assessments on performance, providing and soliciting feedback from team members Document employee feedback and performance as well as initiating corrective action procedures as required Approve vacation days and office equipment requests Resolve Data Quality issues to:
Triage activities according to business impact
Record and report findings using standardized processes
Conduct root cause analyses, as necessary
Propose corrective actions
Manage the creation of weekly/monthly data quality scorecards Triage activities according to business impact Record and report findings using standardized processes Conduct root cause analyses, as necessary Propose corrective actions Manage the creation of weekly/monthly data quality scorecards Coordinate, interpret, apply, and communicate Policy Reporter data quality principles to the wider company, including data stewards, technical owners, and company stakeholders.
Inculcate data quality principles in processes and projects
Make data quality initiatives and complex technical information understandable to audience specific stakeholders Inculcate data quality principles in processes and projects Make data quality initiatives and complex technical information understandable to audience specific stakeholders Oversee the creation and maintenance of data quality resources, including a company-wide data quality library of Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) Manage the allocation of DQAT members to act as data quality Subject Matter Expert (SME) on projects and initiatives, as needed Coordinate the execution of data profiling by using appropriate tools such as Splunk or SQL Ensure data quality meets client Service Level Agreements (SLAs), if applicable Collaborate with Product, Software Development and Data Analytics teams on initiatives in order to achieve Policy Reporter’s strategic objectives Act as a communication bridge between DQAT and other PolicyReporter teams. Foster positive working relationships with colleagues from other teams, in turn encouraging the rest of the DQAT to do so Directs the training of new DQAT members to ensure new hires meet their target learning objectives. Collaborates with other departments to ensure a comprehensive curriculum across the company. Solicits feedback on training programs and collaborates with the team to develop an enriched curriculum Responsible for assessing an applicant’s skill set, and likelihood of success and fit in DQAT. Collaborate with People & Culture to manage the hiring process Manage the documentation of procedures and guidelines for the DQAT Work with People & Culture and the Department Head to create an organisation structure that supports DQAT development as well as a safe and healthy working environment. Collaborates with team members to organize social events for team bonding and morale Champion the DQAT cause within Policy Reporter. Act as an ambassador for the DQAT to the rest of organisation, promoting team successes and championing initiatives to overcome team challenges Utilize established leadership competencies as the driving force behind the team’s success Teach, coach, and mentor team members as their primary trainer upon hire and on an ongoing basis Serve as the first point of escalation for issues; inform manager of escalations as needed and appropriate Manage internal issues or conflicts as the first point of escalation; resolve all issues peer-to-peer at the lowest possible level 3-5 years experience in a data quality or quality assurance role 2 - 3 years previous line management experience Interest and ability in solving complex problems using data-driven decision making Ability to communicate complex, industry specific subjects and ideas clearly, adapting your communication to technical and non-technical audiences Facility with Data Quality tools (SQL, DQS, pgAdmin, data visualization (e.g. Tableau), Splunk) Ability to develop cross team relationships Demonstrated understanding of statistics Demonstrated understanding of healthcare, health insurance, device and pharmaceutical industry products and processes Exceptional organizational skills Intimate familiarity with Microsoft Office Suite and Google Drive applications an asset Competitive compensation package including extended health benefits. Paid Time-Off and Paid Volunteer Leave Remote work arrangement Employee Assistance Program Excellent opportunities for personal and career development. Collaborative and supportive Company culture 
ScrapedJobID479:
Registration as a Professional Engineer (P. Eng.) by a provincial or territorial association SOLIDWORKS Certification Research and development Purchasing, procurement and contracts Quality assurance or control Operations or production Occupational health and safety Installation, maintenance and inspection of equipment or facilities SolidWorks software Transportation equipment Robotics or controls Rotating equipment tools Mobile equipment Material handling Heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) system System integration Repair and overhaul organization Manufacturing or processing industry Automotive manufacturing Fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) Conduct research into the feasibility, design, operation and performance of mechanisms, components and systems Analyze dynamics and vibrations of mechanical systems and structures Supervise and inspect the installation of mechanical systems Develop maintenance standards, schedules and programs Investigate mechanical failures or unexpected maintenance problems Plan and manage projects, and prepare material, cost and timing estimates, reports and design specifications for machinery and systems Prepare contract documents and evaluate tenders for industrial construction or maintenance Own transportation Own vehicle Willing to travel Valid driver's licence Travel expenses paid by employer Public transportation is not available Willing to travel internationally Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Combination of sitting, standing, walking Large workload Tight deadlines Overtime required Rural area In shop Various locations MS Office Computer-aided design (CAD) Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Reliability Organized Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits RRSP Benefits Vision Care Benefits 
ScrapedJobID480:
Perform automated testing script creation and maintenance Execute Load-Test and Performance testing duties Run and maintain test automation scripts for regression testing Report bugs, track defects, resolve issues with software developers Ensure that code meets security benchmarks by reviewing and signing off on reports Keep track of new requirements and changes and ensure that estimates are provided on a timely fashion Collaborate with developers to create responsive and compelling user interactions Participate in architectural and software design reviews to understand the technical flows and testing scop Analyze business and design requirements Automated test plan & strategy creation using risk based approach with exit criteria Analyze test results to ensure existing functionality and recommend corrective action Maintaining open communications channels with all project’s stakeholders to ensure the applications are at the highest possible level of quality Periodically review the testing methodology to ensure the most optimal results Create effective test scripts that are complete, accurate and consistent Produce test reports and other management and audit related test artifacts for assigned projects Possess a Bachelor’s degree/college diploma in IT or relevant experience. Prior test experience (2-5 years). Knowledge of industry standard SDLC and Testing methodologies Must possess the ability to understand new concepts quickly, and apply them accurately through an evolving, dynamic environment Must have previous working experience with utilizing an automation test framework Experience with automated and manual testing of mission critical applications Experience with JavaScript testing frameworks like protractor/jasmine is an asset Working knowledge of Java using testing frameworks like Junit, TestNG, selenium driver Basic knowledge of the Linux operating system and command line operations Experience with Jira, Confluence, Git, Qtest, cucumber and Jenkins is an asset Experience with following technologies: Azure Data Services, REST APIs, sFTP, Apache Tomcat, LDAP, XML/JSON data formats Knowledge of oracle, azure data lake and/or other relational or NoSQL databases Experience working in a highly collaborative agile environment Working experience implementing test code within a continuous integration and delivery pipeline Bonus pay Dental care Extended health care Monday to Friday How many years of experience do you have creating automated test scripts? Quality Engineering: 3 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID481:
Organizing and leading teams based on different geographies to successfully deliver on programs. Synthesizing the business and technical landscape into a sound project strategy and execution plan. Creating a communications process to ensure stakeholders are aware of status, risks, and opportunities. Executive-level communication will be an ongoing activity. Cultivating trust with all program stakeholders. Formulating mitigation strategies and recommending solutions. (Agile/DevOps) Driving execution of project and program deliverables. Improving delivery and operational processes to optimize performance and value over time. Interacting with senior leaders across a highly matrixed environment in both IT and business communities. Oversee QA activities to ensure project deliverables meet/exceed established standards. Preparing and delivering presentations regarding program status to key stakeholders. Providing risk management and issue/problem resolution as required. Synchronizing and managing cross-project interdependencies. Performs other duties as assigned by the appropriate administrator. Strong information technology background with demonstrated use of collaboration tools and technologies Proven ability to lead large development teams (full Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)) Experience working in a matrix organization and supporting cross-functional teams Familiar with executive-level reporting Experience supporting teams outside Canada Ability to lead process improvements and implement changes across multiple functional teams Experience with Waterfall, Agile & DevOps methodologies Bachelor’s degree in IT, Engineering, and/or related process improvement experience is desired. 12+ years of progressive experience within the IT and Software Quality Assurance industry. Proven track record for defining and implementing testing efficiencies. Experience in creating, improving, or managing an end-to-end Quality Management Program. Strong leadership skills with large teams (IT) Experience working with a matrixed team of directors and managers. Experience in managing and working with on and offshore teams. Strong interpersonal, communication (written and oral), and presentation skills. Strong team player. Project management skills. Energetic self-starter who thrives in a fast-paced environment. Enthusiastic, team player who is delivery-oriented, takes responsibility for the team’s success and strives to continually learn and improve. Ability to work independently, and flexibility to multi-task and adapt to changing business needs. Strong analytical, problem-finding, and problem-solving skills. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills (verbal, written, presentation). English level - 85% (Oral and written comprehension IT Consulting and Outsourcing background preferred Fluent French (Verbal/Written) is desirable 
ScrapedJobID482:
Microsoft Visual Studio Consulting firm Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Basic security clearance Own transportation Public transportation is available Work under pressure Attention to detail Sitting Java Internet Networking security Servers Security software HTML editing software Web service design Software development Website creation and management software MS Office Enterprise Applications Integration (EAI) C# Business intelligence Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID483:
The QA Engineer will focus on analyzing requirements, developing, and maintaining automated and manual test cases in line with ongoing agile development Develop a strategy to automate feature testing as part of the product life cycle, and to define and implement the automated test cases required to guarantee the highest level of quality and performance You will actively measure code coverage of the automation tests to identify areas of focus, and other metrics to identify areas of brittleness in the automation code, producing dashboards to provide data to the team Actively participate in continuous quality improvements for the product and processes with both automated and manual testing Participate in improving QA processes to deliver good quality product by giving feedback on existing and newly introduced processes Ability to be the voice of quality during testing, raising issues when needed, and highlighting risk Assist QA Manager in creating status and progress reports and testing metrics as required Bachelor’s degree, preferably in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent 5-9 years' QA experience with web applications and web services Hands-on experience in developing automation frameworks and writing test scripts Good understanding of SDLC and of Agile/Scrum software development process Experience writing SQL statements and database testing skills Experience working in an Agile development environment and understanding of the role of QA Excellent written and verbal communication skills with ability to work effectively in a team-oriented collaborative environment Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift Quality Assurance: 4 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID484:
You are a hard worker with the willingness to roll up your sleeves and get the job done You are a positive and optimistic team player who strives for excellence You are passionate about Automation and Engineering You are self-motivated to solve problems and understand how things work You are passionate about healthy living and have values that align with One Degree You are super organized and pay extra attention to details You can make sound and safe judgement You are willing to shift priorities and tasks when necessary to drive the project forward You are flexible in responding to challenges as changes occur You are mechanically inclined with excellent mathematical abilities You are able to deliver work up to all applicable codes on time and quality You can demonstrate independent judgment in the realistic planning, prioritization, and execution of projects, assignments, and communications Diploma, certification, or degree in Electrical/Automation/Mechatronics Engineering Minimum 2-8 years hands-on experience working with industrial automation equipment (installation and commissioning) Must have minimum 1 years of PLC and HMI programming experience with a focus on Rockwell software (Studio 5000, RSLogix 500, RSLogix 5000 and FTView Studio) Design and configuration of Allen Bradley PLC platforms (ControlLogix, CompactLogix, MicroLogix), Remote I/O Experience with VFD and Servo drives (wiring and programming) Working knowledge of MCCs On-hands experience with a variety of sensors (temperature, pressure, distance, level) Intermediate knowledge of Microsoft Operating systems and TCP/IP networking Ability to read and interpret electrical drawings Proficiency in AutoCad Electrical Ability to troubleshoot a variety of electrical and mechanical problems. 
ScrapedJobID485:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Tight deadlines Initiative Accurate Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Judgement Organized Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID486:
Leading the Quality Assurance department to improve existing QA methodologies and processes Seeking continuous improvement - identifying areas and methods to improve testing efficiency, expanding coverage and increasing product reliability Architecting, developing and maintaining an innovative test automation system Creating, designing and executing manual test cases and test scripts for functional, system, performance/integration and regression testing for our web based applications Analyzing project documents to identify test requirements and trying to find flaws within them Hunting for bugs in the software, investigating problems, finding their root cause, and clearly documenting findings into the defect/issue tracking system (JIRA) Communicating with programmers and product owners to clarify requirements Becoming a KEV evangelist within the company to your co-workers, and outside the company to clients and potential clients A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related discipline, or equivalent experience 5 years or more of experience working with a software development team, specifically in applications testing The ability to manage others Excellent communication skills Experience in web testing and black box testing Experience and a high level of comfort with writing SQL queries Exposure to test automation tools, preferably web test automation tools such as Selenium Highly organized time management skills - you’re able to juggle multiple priorities at once A high level of detail orientation – you don’t miss the little things, even while focusing on the big picture Experience with any of JavaScript, .NET, and C# would be assets Experience with running builds from TeamCity or deploying using Octopus 
ScrapedJobID487:
Help in analyzing, testing, training and implementing digital tools for employees. Understand the business context and impact of projects on the firm’s processes. Target and define needs based on business and IT strategies. Design processes and map data models. Help revamp business processes. Participate in testing and implementing new modules in the applications used. Provide concrete solutions for client needs. Maintain ongoing and efficient communication with all stakeholders to ensure solutions meet business requirements. Help improve analysis tools used by the firm. Define requirements and participate in in-depth, analytical and feasibility studies. Analyze the impact of improvements and changes requested by business units for proposed solutions. Translate business requirements into technical objectives for development teams. Produce required documentation and keep it up to date throughout the project, including: Documenting analyses and scenarios of the solutions being considered Developing and maintaining functional documentation, training on application systems and user information. Perform quality assurance testing for system development and assist super-users. Design training videos or texts for end-users. Provide functional support to users. Strong teamwork, problem-solving and diplomacy skills Initiative and a positive attitude Ability to multi-task and conduct various projects simultaneously Leadership, communication, influencing and negotiation Rigour in respecting deadlines and quality Organized, methodical and ability for time management Knowledge of user experience and high-level principles to be implemented to meet needs and requests Ability to structure and lead meetings with multidisciplinary and multi-level stakeholders Versatile and results-driven Initiative and innovation Bachelor’s degree in IT Management or any other relevant field At least two years of relevant experience in the business analysis field Sound knowledge of the most common analysis and development methodologies Bilingual (English and French) Knowledge of the Microsoft Office Suite and the Teams application Asset: experience working with DevOps Asset: experience working in an Agile model 
ScrapedJobID488:
Give our customers peace of mind by expanding and adapting our ability to provide security expertise through InsightVM/Nexpose that aligns with the realities of a constantly-changing security landscape Be creative to evolve our content automation frameworks to ensure simple and scalable processes Developing and maintaining scalable and testable ETL pipelines with responsibilities in transforming and sanitizing data Exercise various quality assurance techniques to ensure policy compliance artifacts are accurate and intuitive Improving code quality of existing frameworks Curiosity and a proven track record of personal growth and self-improvement 1+ years of experience or educational background in software engineering Comfortable and experience with one or more of: Python, Ruby, Java, Bash Affinity to systems administration and learning about new products and technologies Awareness of XML, XPath, JSON, and Regular Expressions Interest with information security principles Rest assured with medical and dental insurance through Canada Life Competitive compensation packages, RSP matching, and an employee stock purchase plan (ESPP). Keep your life in balance with unlimited paid vacation days, company holidays, maternity/paternity leave and a flexible work schedule as needed. We love to give back with company-wide community giving days, plus ample opportunity to spend time on the causes you care about. Enjoy a modern workplace featuring the latest collaboration tech, healthy snacks and beverages, quiet spaces, and many ways to let off some steam. 
ScrapedJobID489:
Expenditure authority initiation up to $50,000 per transaction . Expenditure authority contract performance up to $100,000 per transaction Standing/acting authority for Manager, Financial & Administrative Services (initiation $100,000 and contract performance $250,000) Collection of receivables up to $1 million per annum Auditing of approximately 75 capital contracts with 100 change orders, 300 capital contract payments, 75 O&M contracts, 2,000 O&M contract payments and 12,000 utility payments Supervision of support staff. Knowledge of financial planning and budgetary development concepts, and generally accepted accounting principles; Knowledge of cash flowing, auditing and analysis techniques; The incumbent must possess good analytical skills, and skills in complex computerized accounting application, MS Word, Excel or similar financial management, database management, word processing and spreadsheet software; Work in a high stress multi-tasking environment with tight deadlines; Deal with individuals where there is a high degree of tact and diplomacy required; Work in a cross-cultural environment to deal with a diverse group of clients and staff, agencies and organizations. 
ScrapedJobID490:
Develop and analyze software solutions for hearing aid market applications, hearing aid manufacturing and internal sales and marketing support. Analyze third party software for possible hearing aid market applications, hearing aid manufacturing and internal sales and marketing support. Assist in the training of customers and/or internal personnel in the use of all supported software and systems. Create Design documents as required to ensure that requirements are implemented to meet customer’s expectations. Perform Verification/Validation of software and systems. Troubleshoot software/system issues as required. Work closely with the Software Quality Assurance team to provide input into Test Cases. Maintain coding standards and best practices for software development and participate in the code review process to ensure that quality is built into the software. Work closely with the Software Manager, Senior Software Developer, Team Lead and team members to ensure that timelines for software/system deliverables are achieved. Follow the established standards developed for source code archiving to ensure that the software build/release process is tightly controlled using source control tools. Perform other job related duties as required by the Manager. Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or must be able to demonstrate a successful track record in a relevant field. Excellent organizational, communication and interpersonal skills. Previous Application Software Development experience is a strong asset. Previous experience with C#, Java, or C++. Exciting and challenging work environment Comprehensive benefits package Training and development opportunities – we believe every employee deserves a development plan. Come, learn, and grow with us! 
ScrapedJobID491:
Responsible for construction site quality assurance inspections - including, but not limited to, hardwood flooring, tile, kitchens, appliances, plumbing fixtures, framing, concrete placement, etc. Reviewing construction documents for suites and common areas and ensuring design compliance and construction quality by flagging any discrepancies to management Assess the Construction Manager’s project timelines and milestones and provide input and feedback Monitor stock levels between suppliers and installers, assisting with forecasting and inventory planning as required Responsible for making sub-trade process improvement recommendations Liaise with PDI Auditors, proactively looking for and resolving deficiencies prior to PDI Audits Review project team reports and identify discrepancies with site conditions Proactively reviewing proposed changes in project scope, identify potential issues and report to executive team Participate in project postmortems to identify successful and unsuccessful project elements Work closely with the VP Design and Construction overseeing the design teams to ensure that design intent and constructability are in alignment Review existing agreements and recommend amendments as necessary for future projects Work closely with the VP Design and Construction to ensure timely delivery of suite finishing packages both during Pre-Construction and Construction phases Health & Safety conscious, document and report all concerns, accidents, and incidents to immediate supervisor for follow up and take appropriate action Read and adhere to the Employee Handbook Guidelines, Policies, and procedures Embody and uphold Great Gulf brand standards Other duties as assigned Post-secondary degree in Engineering or other construction related discipline 3+ years’ experience in a QA role, preferably in High-rise Residential Excellent software skills with MS Office, MS Project, Newstar, ProCore, and others Independent and trustworthy Highly organized Team oriented and supportive Passionate about construction and development Willingness to travel within North America if required, with valid passport This position works in both indoor and outdoor environments on construction sites: heat, cold, dirt, rain, noise. Depending on the day and weather conditions of the job will change, long exposure isn’t consistent but at times is needed. Some computer work, sitting at a desk to compile reports, enter payment releases, emails and other administrative tasks. 90% Constant standing and walking throughout shift. Bending, twisting, walking down and upstairs. Mid to high paced. Monday – Friday shifts during the day (flexible hours, working when construction site works). May have need to climb step ladder to inspect ceiling conditions. 
ScrapedJobID492:
Involved in the development and coding of RPM’s R•SUITE software Work with technical architects and senior software developers to define and document solutions Effectively collaborate with business analysts, quality assurance analysts, and DBA's throughout software development life cycle (SDLC) Review, test and document software functionality Analyze, debug and resolve defects and/or production issues Meet deadlines and complete development solutions with quality Developers are expected to be team players: intra- and inter-department co-operation fosters morale and productivity Developers are expected to be proactive about the development of their business knowledge, including understanding fundamental concepts of RPM's systems like including, but not limited to, clients, plan accounts, investments, order entry, order fulfillment and settlement, and taxation. Developers are encouraged to develop these skills through training with other developers, both one on one and in group environments like ‘Lunch and Learns', as well as through courses like IFIC and the CSC. 1-2 years of software development experience (professional or internships) Post-Secondary Degree in Computer/Software engineering or a related discipline Technical Skills: Experience working with VB6, VBA, VB.net, or C# Experience with Object Oriented Programming Experience with UML Comprehensive knowledge and experience with database (SQL, PL/SQL, stored procedure) Experience with JAVA and installer packages is an asset Excellent written and verbal communication skills Interest and knowledge in developing financial applications Understanding of the Wealth Management industry, preferably in banking, mutual funds (record keeping or distribution) and/or securities would be an asset A proactive, “service-first” attitude combined with strong communication and presentation skills Ability to work independently on projects, with tight deadlines, under minimal supervision Competitive compensation including tuition reimbursement for skill development and continuous learning Comprehensive benefits including health & dental and matching group RRSP contributions Corporate employee discount program Employee Referral Bonus Program Central location located in the heart of the financial district, close to GO and TTC. Check out our commute score here! 
ScrapedJobID493:
Collaborate with multiple stakeholders to ensure appropriate resolution and test coverage. Work together with team members to understand functional requirements and troubleshoot discovered defects. Proactively identify and communicate risks and opportunities for improvement across all products and test frameworks. Maintain an open and continuous communication between the Quality Assurance team and the rest of the project and leadership team. Summarize and report the Quality Assurance activities that took place, from start to end, to the Quality Assurance, project, and leadership teams. Champion Quality Assurance at all stages of the project life cycle. Analyze requirements gathered from clients to determine testing goals and potential issues. Demo software for project stakeholders and team members. Translate business requirements into test requirements. Manage the release of a project/product from a QA side. Provide estimates for QA tasks and identify data requirements for a project. Monitor the work of the quality of test cases and defects created by the QA team. Prioritize testing tasks to ensure high risk areas are thoroughly tested. Work with development to advance quality coding standards (e.g., unit tests, branch strategy). Manage the work load of the QA team and distribute work accordingly. Train and mentor Quality Assurance team members. Completion of a university or college degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Business, or the equivalent, combined with extensive directly related experience in Quality Assurance. Formal Quality Assurance certification/designation from either ISTQB or IIST strongly preferred. Extensive knowledge of Quality Assurance as it relates to the information technology discipline. Senior level experience in formal SDLC methodology and standards (e.g., Waterfall or Agile). Senior level experience in Automation Testing. Considerable knowledge and experience in Quality Assurance management life cycle. Adept at planning own work activities and assisting in identifying Quality Assurance work items and tasks necessary for successful project completion. Experience and exposure to Test Management and Defect Management Tool. Ability to lead teams and work collaboratively in a project and team environment. Affable nature and outstanding skills as they relate to general interaction and collaboration with clients and other team members from the business and technical domains. Professional Development budget and days Interest-free tech-enablement loans A Career Mentor to support your growth and development RRSP/401K matches Bonus programs Wellness program 
ScrapedJobID494:
Preparation and maintenance of schedules and resource forecasting Co-ordinating, facilitating and driving project scoping, planning, execution, and close out. Co-ordinate the clarification of design and specification requirements and arrange for necessary changes. Co-ordinate and participate in the preparation of specifications, bid packages, evaluation of tenders, and purchasing recommendations. Arrange and lead meetings to coordinate the requirements of internal and external customers. Lead design reviews and team meetings as required. Review labour estimates, schedules, execution plans, inspection and test plans and project oversight plans. Gather input from stakeholder departments and agencies to ensure project requirements are captured and detailed in the project documents. Responsible for communicating schedule update and progress on design tasks to the Engineering Managers and the Project Manager. Review and maintain awareness of all corporate and local procedures pertinent to engineering, quality assurance and project management. Maintain process compliance during project execution and advise supervisor if compliance cannot be achieved. Organize documentation, including quotes, correspondence, requisitions, drawings, schedules, etc. on projects you are supervising. Prepare and/or review engineering documentation as required. Assists with continuous systems design improvements on all nuclear tooling. Review requests for proposal documents and participate in the preparation of proposal. A post-secondary degree or diploma in Engineering, or alternately a trade certificate in a related filed. 10+ years of experience in factory automation or manufacturing environment, including experience leading teams or projects. A working knowledge of automation principles including pneumatics, hydraulics, controls, and electrical devices Fluent in English, written and oral. Proficient with Microsoft software tools including Word, Excel and Power Point etc Must possess a valid passport (or be able to obtain one) for periodic international travel. Be a part of a global organization that is a leader in its industry Subsidized breakfast and lunch daily; free gourmet beverages - coffee, tea and hot chocolate. Plus, Treat Day is every other week! Monthly “In-Chair Massage” clinic on-site with a Registered Massage Therapist Ability to participate in a variety of charitable events Social Club that offers BBQs and other social events throughout the year Work with other bright, talented people and discover opportunities for professional growth And much more! 
ScrapedJobID495:
Create and execute manual test cases, troubleshoot defects, and perform exploratory manual testing. Build and maintain an effective suite of automated tests to continually ensure quality and increase team velocity. Build and maintain a set of performance labs, focused on stress testing setups similar to customer environments. Set up and maintain a set of cloud services to test usage of back-end cloud components. Create test cases, and maintain the test case backlog for both manual and automated test cases. Work as part of a self-directed team in which you determine your tasks on a daily basis in coordination with co-workers, rather than waiting for work to be assigned to you. Contribute to advancements in overall quality within the team and company. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer/Software Engineering or equivalent work experience 5+ years of quality assurance experience, including 2+ years of programming or 2+ years automated testing Experience writing test cases, creating test plans and executing tests Experience designing and implementing load and performance tests Experience with deployment of cloud based services – knowledge of Azure DevOps is a plus Experience with Gherkin, Cucumber, C#, Postman, Selenium WebDriver and other test automation tools, and concepts such as unit testing and performance/load testing Solid knowledge of and experience using Windows Server Operating Systems (2012, 2016) Experience working in an Agile environment Demonstrated superior troubleshooting, analytical, and problem solving skills Ability to work independently & meticulously with minimal guidance towards tight product delivery timelines Strong written and verbal communication skills Ability to quickly learn and apply new technologies & continuously learning Have fun creating great customer experiences Your work is a reflection of you Celebrate us all the time The ego is the enemy Impossible – What’s that? S* happens – adjust and learn Don’t be afraid of chaos and discomfort Do what you say & say what you mean Give abundantly to your family, team and communities 
ScrapedJobID496:
real-time visibility on how Ubisoft titles are played; and an understanding of the habits and preferences of the people playing them. Collaborate with team leads to understand their tasks, analyze their workflows, and identify what can be improved. Identify and evaluate production bottlenecks and develop applications to address them. Develop applications to support quality assurance tasks (build system, interaction with configuration management tools, interaction with the bug database, etc.). Create automated testing and validation tools to increase the dependability of game releases + develop applications for the automated testing, in terms of both external tools and the game code itself. Support and resolve issues related to the developed tests and tools. Generate statistics by collecting reliability measures. Create and update refence documentation for the interdependent teams. Train production team members by teaching them to use your automated products and keeping them updated on new processes. Interact with the programming team to encourage the maintenance of good code quality, best practices, and standards + help them fix bugs. Collaborate with the QA team to encourage the sharing of tools and code, making the available tools known, and encouraging synergy. Find solutions to continuously optimize the QA process + stay up to date on best practices in testing and technological advances in the industry to develop your skills and knowledge. Experience in quality assurance or software engineering (or other relevant experience) Knowledge of programming languages (JavaScript/TypeScript or Python or Java or C#) and bug tracking software (e.g., Jira) A solid understanding of QA methodologies, processes, and tools A degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering (or related training) A collaborative, empathetic, creative and innovative spirit Excellent critical thinking, organizational, problem solving, communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills Curiosity, resourcefulness, and plenty of flexibility Motivation to reach out for feedback from colleagues and adapt to it Your CV, highlighting your background and skills 
ScrapedJobID497:
Create and execute manual test cases, troubleshoot defects, and perform exploratory manual testing. Build and maintain an effective suite of automated tests to continually ensure quality and increase team velocity. Build and maintain a set of performance labs, focused on stress testing setups similar to customer environments. Set up and maintain a set of cloud services to test usage of back-end cloud components. Create test cases, and maintain the test case backlog for both manual and automated test cases. Work as part of a self-directed team in which you determine your tasks on a daily basis in coordination with co-workers, rather than waiting for work to be assigned to you. Contribute to advancements in overall quality within the team and company. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer/Software Engineering or equivalent work experience 5+ years of quality assurance experience, including 2+ years of programming or 2+ years automated testing Experience writing test cases, creating test plans and executing tests Experience designing and implementing load and performance tests Experience with deployment of cloud based services – knowledge of Azure DevOps is a plus Experience with Gherkin, Cucumber, C#, Postman, Selenium WebDriver and other test automation tools, and concepts such as unit testing and performance/load testing Solid knowledge of and experience using Windows Server Operating Systems (2012, 2016) Experience working in an Agile environment Demonstrated superior troubleshooting, analytical, and problem solving skills Ability to work independently & meticulously with minimal guidance towards tight product delivery timelines Strong written and verbal communication skills Ability to quickly learn and apply new technologies & continuously learning Have fun creating great customer experiences Your work is a reflection of you Celebrate us all the time The ego is the enemy Impossible – What’s that? S* happens – adjust and learn Don’t be afraid of chaos and discomfort Do what you say & say what you mean Give abundantly to your family, team and communities 
ScrapedJobID498:
real-time visibility on how Ubisoft titles are played; and an understanding of the habits and preferences of the people playing them. Collaborate with team leads to understand their tasks, analyze their workflows, and identify what can be improved. Identify and evaluate production bottlenecks and develop applications to address them. Develop applications to support quality assurance tasks (build system, interaction with configuration management tools, interaction with the bug database, etc.). Create automated testing and validation tools to increase the dependability of game releases + develop applications for the automated testing, in terms of both external tools and the game code itself. Support and resolve issues related to the developed tests and tools. Generate statistics by collecting reliability measures. Create and update refence documentation for the interdependent teams. Train production team members by teaching them to use your automated products and keeping them updated on new processes. Interact with the programming team to encourage the maintenance of good code quality, best practices, and standards + help them fix bugs. Collaborate with the QA team to encourage the sharing of tools and code, making the available tools known, and encouraging synergy. Find solutions to continuously optimize the QA process + stay up to date on best practices in testing and technological advances in the industry to develop your skills and knowledge. Experience in quality assurance or software engineering (or other relevant experience) Knowledge of programming languages (JavaScript/TypeScript or Python or Java or C#) and bug tracking software (e.g., Jira) A solid understanding of QA methodologies, processes, and tools A degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering (or related training) A collaborative, empathetic, creative and innovative spirit Excellent critical thinking, organizational, problem solving, communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills Curiosity, resourcefulness, and plenty of flexibility Motivation to reach out for feedback from colleagues and adapt to it Your CV, highlighting your background and skills 
ScrapedJobID499:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 1+ years customer-facing experience Strong communication skills and understanding of client management Experience navigating customer organizational structures, developing success programs, defining milestones, success criteria, and on-time delivery Proficient in Microsoft Office suite (including Excel) and customer relationship management software Experience in a clinical setting or health technology (e.g. EMR) with a focus on back office workflows and functions preferred, but not required 
ScrapedJobID500:
A relevant scientific discipline Competency in the use of generic and specific software packages required for the role including MS Office applications Basic lab equipment, preferably with work experience in a scientific environment Attending to detail, following written instructions and working on multiple activities concurrently Accountability, honesty, hardworking, flexibility and adaptability, and working efficiently on a team Good written and verbal communication skills 
ScrapedJobID501:
Define test strategies and test plans based on software development plan Design detailed test cases based on requirements and test plan Create and maintain traceability between requirements and test cases Design and develop test tools and test scripts to automate test cases and test workflow Prepare test reports, provide initial problem analysis, and contribute to defect prevention Setup and configure necessary test equipment and environments for test execution and automation. Test environments may include both simulation and target hardware. Participate in the continuous improvement of test processes and methodologies 2+ years of embedded software test experience, preferably in mobile or automotive industry 2+ years of experience in testing Android code Excellent programming skills in common languages such as Python, Java, or C++ Strong experience with test automation, tool development, and scripting, but also very comfortable with manual testing when necessary Solid knowledge of software quality assurance methodologies and tools Outstanding verbal and written communication skills Self-motivated, curious, able to deliver on time, a quick-learner, and able to work in a fast-paced & flexible work environment Knowledge of, and experience with, Scrum/Agilesoftware development process Strong problem-solving and analytical skills, coordination skills, and interpersonal skills Product development or testing experience in Audio, Connectivity, Android Auto, or CarPlay domains is a plus Experience with vehicle communication network protocols (CAN, MOST, etc.) is a plus Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, or equivalent field Advanced degrees are a plus 
ScrapedJobID502:
an award-winning startup funded by prominent VCs a successful graduate of 500 Startups, the Creative Destruction Lab and Dreamit Health a TechCrunch Disrupt Top Pick for cybersecurity one of Canada's Top 20 early-stage technology companies by CIX named one of the Top startups disrupting healthcare in Canada by PwC and CB Insights Top-notch communication skills (verbal and written) in a leadership setting Experience and familiarity with leading in remote team settings through video conferencing, collaboration and document tools Deep demonstrable passion for engineering innovation and creativity and good code practices Genuine interest in mission-driven entrepreneurship and “social good technology” Experienced in coaching and managing performance and compensation of Software Engineers in a small startup environment Experienced in recruiting, hiring and onboarding of these individuals Extensive background in cloud software development in general, including open-source stacks, security considerations and large public cloud deployments Directly manage a team of 5-6 full-time Software Engineers of various areas of technical focus, working remotely across Canada Manage, with inputs from the team, resource allocation, capacity planning, hiring planning and team delivery schedules Lead by example, representing the culture and values of the company and enabling lowest-level decision making while actively removing roadblocks to ensure continued progress and productivity Drive quality improvements in both culture and output, and actively participate and reflect on technical decisions and collaborations Act as primary advocate and champion of your team and its credibility to the rest of the company and management Plan onboarding (first two weeks, 30/60/90) of new employees, ongoing performance coaching and learning reviews and objectives and career planning through dedicated reviews and 1:1s Plan and manage compensation packages, skill assessments, learning opportunities, and progressions of team members Continuously manage and optimize knowledge sharing within the tea Lead with industry knowledge and awareness of external practices and technologies relevant to supporting the team’s success a deeply-rooted product-centric culture independent ownership and technical collaborative problem-solving data-driven lowest-level decision making the power of diverse perspectives carefully-curated processes that enable creativity and efficiency business problem-driven sprints learning-focused dev hours demo hours and town halls that integrate everyone company-wide are a remote-first company, with supporting tools and processes are not hierarchical empower our team members with distinct responsibilities and self-direction have high standards for professionalism are mission-driven, by the importance of our work in servicing the social benefit that results from our customers’ successes drive a culture of facts-first and entrepreneurship vs the status quo have stringent and bold objectives on diversity and inclusion meet virtually as a team weekly for a rousing celebration of wins and learning gather in quarterly Town Halls for alignment on objectives and vision flexible work hours a generous vacation policy health and dental benefits, from day 1 parental leave benefits with bonus top-up a company stock ownership option plan, vesting from day 1 bi-weekly paid-for team lunches company retreats and seasonal celebrations learning, skills training and industry conference opportunities a company-funded book budget company-supplied top-end Mac laptop a home office equipment budget contribution through the company’s ongoing success to philanthropy such as Upside Foundation 
ScrapedJobID503:
or equivalent experience Evaluate and install computer hardware, networking software and operating system software Provide problem-solving services to network users Implement data, software and hardware security procedures Perform data backups and disaster recovery operations Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Set up local area networks and connections to the Internet Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Physically demanding Attention to detail Sitting Combination of sitting, standing, walking MS Windows Internet Networking software Extranet Intranet Servers File management software Security software Mail server software MS Office Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID504:
Integrate accessibility and WCAG-compliance into requirements, design and implementation phases of client projects Collaborate with client technical team members to provide remediation support and guidance throughout the eA customer journey Conduct wireframe/design reviews and create comprehensive test plans Work closely with accessibility testing teams to ensure highest level of quality and on time delivery of audits Be the Subject Matter Expert (SME) for eA platform to answer technical questions and successfully enable our valued clients Act as the technical interface between the client and eA cross functional teams “Customer First” mindset and drive technical value for our clients Partner with Customer Success Managers to provide best in class client experience throughout the customer journey Lead technical conversations with client stakeholders and ensure that they are making progress/improvements towards their compliance Conduct formal reviews with clients on test results provide consultative advice on accessibility best practices Look ahead and provide advice and guidance for potential future accessibility road blocks Recognizing our clients digital properties and having the ability to identify relevant best practices for their specific situation BSc. or equivalent in Computer Science, Engineering or related field experience 5+ years of experience as software engineer and at least 2 years of technical leadership 2+ years of experience in digital accessibility Strong technical skills in front-end technologies HTML, JavaScript, CSS Experience with assistive technologies including NVDA, JAWS or VoiceOver Resourceful and you take pride at being accountable in your role Experience working with JIRA and Confluence Excellent communication skills, both written and oral Basic knowledge of disability law including, but not limited to the ADA and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act (Section 504) Knowledge and experience with WCAG 2.0 AA or later accessibility standards and
Guidelines Experience remediating issues across browsers (IE, Chrome, Firefox, and Safari) Experience with accessibility audit and quality assurance tools and processes Experience evaluating the accessibility of a digital product using a
variety of tools and providing feedback to website owners, web developers and
designers Any related certifications such as:
IAAP Certified Professional in Accessibility Core Competencies (CPACC)
Web Accessibility Specialist (WAS) Certification IAAP Certified Professional in Accessibility Core Competencies (CPACC) Web Accessibility Specialist (WAS) Certification Competitive salary Healthcare benefits effective from first day of employment 3 weeks of vacation to start Stock options Passionate group of coworkers who are performance driven and aligned to the company’s success Growth opportunity as the company scales Fully remote 
ScrapedJobID505:
The senior quality / food safety / environment technician participates in and supports the application of procedures and regulations related to current standards and good internal operating practices (BPO). To do this, it contributes to the training and awareness of employees, to the integration of new employees. Participates in maintaining the FSSC 22000 standard, notably by participating in verification audits, internal audits, as well as employee training. Carry out inspections of good operating practices / food safety and participates in internal and external audit activities. Manages the internal non-conformance system and is responsible for the disposal of detained products. The holder of this position participates in the various departmental meetings of heads of services in order to follow up on corrective actions. Provides technical support regarding food safety to factory employees and to the various departments of the organization including the sales department. Write and review the various procedures relating to the factory's quality system as well as all related reference documents. Monitors Canadian requirements and other markets for R&D projects. Writes environmental reports at the Port of Montreal, municipal, provincial and federal level. Participates in environmental audits and follows up on corrective actions. Actively participates in investigations relating to internal environmental incidents and acts as a technical resource. Monitors regulations on the environmental requirements of the various levels of government. Bachelor's degree in food science and technology (STA), chemistry or equivalent training Three (3) years to five (5) years of experience in a similar position Knowledge and mastery of quality management system and food reliability standards (ex: HACCP, FSSC 22000) Bilingualism essential (French and English - spoken and written) Highly developed communication skills Good knowledge of Office suite software Ability to analyze and synthesize Ability in written writing Ability to facilitate meetings Has a team spirit Has a developed professional ethics Demonstrates autonomy Ability to manage priorities Customer oriented 
ScrapedJobID506:
Analyze non-functional requirements, user stories, and technical specifications Provide performance test estimate, scope and timeline to project teams Create performance test plans, test scenarios and test cases Review performance testing deliverables of internal and external teams Execute performance test cases and document test execution results Report performance issues to project team, recommend resolution and push for progress Define requirements for performance test environment and test data Create performance sign-off and conduct test result walkthroughs to project teams Collaborate with onshore and offshore counterparts Bachelor’s degree in computer sciences or equivalent experience 5+ Years of IT experience in Performance Testing with hands-on experience on JMeter Experience with Stress, Load, Volume, Scalability and Endurance Testing on Front-end, Database and API Experience in using HTTP Sniffer tools like Fiddler to analyze network traffic Experience with D365 F&O and Azure capabilities is an asset Experience with estimation and risk management Hands on experience with Agile/Kanban methodology and toolsets like JIRA and Confluence Excellent interpersonal and communication skills with strong attention to detail Strong analytical and organizational skills ISTQB certification is an asset 
ScrapedJobID507:
We value our people and our reputation We are locally dedicated with international scale We are future focused and challenge the status quo We foster collaboration in everything we do We have an empowering culture and hold ourselves accountable You will primarily be delivering pavement designs and reporting on a wide variety of projects, including Alberta Transportation Surfacing Strategies. Review pavement engineering analysis, designs, performance data, and reports. You will assist or act as the lead pavement engineer and/or project manager for the technical delivery of a variety of consultancy projects and work package in the field of pavement engineering. Play part in managing our client relationships, including business and new client development to expand the scope of our existing services. Provide leadership support and develop talents within the team through coaching and mentoring and supporting junior team members with their technical career development aspirations. Conduct pavement engineering analysis using various methodologies including AASHTO 1993, Mechanistic-Empirical Pavement Design, American Concrete Pavement Association (ACPA) for Concrete Pavement, and Geosynthetic Reinforcement Design. Ensuring project deliverables are prepared on time, within budget, and to the highest quality standards. You will plan, organize and conduct pavement investigations and analyses including pavement condition surveys and FWD, IRI, Rut, and LCM data; You will collaborate with other team members or business lines to prepare proposals and expressions of interest considering the methodology for undertaking potential projects. Coordinating and carrying out sub-surface site investigations, including pavement coring, borehole logging, sampling of asphalt, soil, and rock and drainage condition surveys, as needed. Provide quality control and quality assurance of field data collection, analysis, interpretation and incorporation into design. You have a Degree in Civil Engineering or similar disciplines. You will have a minimum of 8 years experience in Pavement Engineering or a related field and a Professional Engineer (P.Eng.) license with the Association of Professional Engineers and Geoscientists of Alberta (APEGA). Extensive knowledge and understanding of pavement design principles (Flexible, Rigid, Composite, and Gravel-surfaced Pavements), pavement management, and/or construction. You are proficient with AASHTO 1993 Pavement Design Analysis, MEPDG, StreetPave & SpectraPave. Experience in pavement engineering, pavement management, and destructive/non-destructive pavement performance monitoring. Knowledge of pavement construction methods, materials, and specifications, especially Alberta Transportation. You have excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to communicate effectively and respond to time-sensitive issues. You have strong report writing, analytical, and critical thinking skills. You are committed to complying with and championing company processes and policies and ensuring adherence to safety, welfare, quality, and environmental requirements. Client management experience an asset. You are well enthusiastic, well organized, and able to work in a fast-paced environment. Ability and willingness to travel (short term) within Canada, as required. You have excellent computer skills and demonstrated proficiency with common industry software. 
ScrapedJobID508:
Investigate and extract key policy data for client facing reports for both new and existing reports Lead well-established reporting, ensuring continued high data accuracy and efficiency through thorough quality assurance of the policy data set across existing reports. As required, RRAs liaise directly with clients on projects to understand their needs, scope deliverables, and present findings. Work collaboratively with Senior RRAs to conduct analysis and generate insights in the form of dashboards/visualizations for the clients. With experience, RRAs will take on additional responsibilities including but not limited to: Provide support and guidance to new hires - participate in the mentorship program when requested and conduct introductory training sessions. As required, support cross-departmental strategic initiatives as a representative of the research team. Evaluate current content & processes and develop innovative approaches for improvement to increase accuracy and efficiency In line with ensuring the quality and accuracy of our reports, RRAs will perform routine maintenance on a database of medical policy Perform maintenance of internal research tools Conduct Quality Control checks on your own work, as well as the work of colleagues as required Develop a deep understanding of the US healthcare landscape Work independently with minimal supervision Make independent and strategic decisions Provide support and guidance to new hires, participating in the mentorship program when requested A bachelor’s degree in a relevant field (life science, social science, language-focused humanities), or 1-3 years of experience in a similar role (data quality management or research) is considered an asset. At least 1 year of professional working experience (Full-time). Experience in communicating findings to external clients Must have at least 1 year of Quantitative & Qualitative Research experience. Prior knowledge of the US healthcare market is preferred. Previous healthcare data experience is considered an asset. Intermediate to advanced Microsoft Office Suite, particularly Excel skills Research competencies including but not limited to Synthesizing and analyzing insights from large data sets Summarizing, presenting, and defending findings to both internal and external stakeholders Excellent organizational and problem solving skills High attention to detail Effective verbal and written communication; ability to communicate and present findings to clients in a clear and concise manner. Competitive compensation package including extended health benefits, paid-time off, paid sick leave, volunteer leave, etc. Excellent opportunities for personal and career development. Collaborative and supportive Company culture Excellence Value & Respect Continuous Learning Ownership & Accountability Teamwork 
ScrapedJobID509:
Source and engage reliable vendors and suppliers to support business operations and growth. Build and maintain excellent relationships with our existing vendor and supplier network. Negotiate with suppliers and vendors to secure advantageous pricing and terms. Develop procurement strategies that are inventive, cost-effective, and scalable. Review existing contracts with suppliers and vendors to ensure on-going feasibility. Monitor the end-to-end performance of our procurement network to ensure that it performs at a level that exceeds both internal and external customer expectations. Identify performance improvement projects by evaluating the effectiveness and reliability of our procurement. Initiate and lead these projects to drive a culture of continuous improvement. Coordinate with other Functions to optimize our product & service offering to customers. Develop and standardize procedures across all regions to ensure operational consistency. Analyze data from purchasing, shipping and receiving to develop, evaluate and report on KPIs. Develop and implement quality control guidelines in all aspects of the supply chain. Review drawings, proposals, and plans in order to provide Quality Assurance, namely on custom cabinetry fabrication. 5+ years experience as a Procurement Manager (or in a similar relevant field). Extreme preference given to backgrounds within cabinetry and/or custom fabrication, or alternatively within Mechanical, Electrical, and Plumbing. Degree (or equivalent experience) in Supply Chain Management, Logistics, or a similar field. Experience working in a start-up or small business environment is preferred. Experience working with vendors & suppliers who serve the home renovation industry is a plus. Excellent interpersonal and negotiation skills with a proven ability to create and maintain positive working relationships with vendors, suppliers, shippers, customers and employees. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Excellent organizational and project management skills with an attention to detail. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills backed by a record of developing creative solutions. Proficient with: Google Workspace and supply chain & logistics software. Casual dress Company events Flexible schedule Work from home 8 hour shift logistics: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID510:
Manage teams and provide them with technical guidance towards achieving the company goals and objectives. Establish visions and key objectives for the department, to assist subordinates in developing knowledge and quality methodologies for better execution of their duties as well as their career advancement. Drive the engineering excellence initiatives to meet the manufacturing parameter targets and ensure the process and equipment in high performance level assuring the products with high quality, high yield, low defect density and low cost. Drive Process Improvement program in Finance, Human resources, PLM, Engineering, Operations and Customer Support for efficiency gain. Liaise with external suppliers and professionals from other sites to provide specific needs for the department. Maintain existing ISO certification. Provide Business Process Improvement guidance to senior management. Develop and manage quality assurance metrics for performance improvement of all teams. Ensure that all procedures conform to health and safety regulations, financial policies, and legislation. Meet assigned KPIs and budget allocation. Audit accuracy of executive reporting metrics for accuracy. Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or equivalent experience in Quality Control. Minimum 10 to 15 years of experience in Quality Management. Minimum of 5 years in supervisory position or management position. 5 years of experience in ISO certification or others quality framework. 5 years of experience in quality and documentation control and supply chain processes 3 years of experience in BPM (Business Process Management) and CRM (Customer Relationship Management). 5 Years of experience with an ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) system. 5 years of experience with a MRP (Material Requirements Planning) system. Effective communication and report writing skills. Good negotiation skills with business functions. Excellent analytic abilities to grasp the key points from complicated details. Good leadership capabilities to lead projects to successful completion. Must be extremely detail-oriented with respect to documentation and processes. Ability to work in a cross functional team Technical skills including problem-solving, statistical data analysis and design of experiment is essential Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) quality assurance: 7 years (preferred) iso 9001: 2 years (preferred) BPM: 3 years (preferred) CRM software: 3 years (preferred) satellite communication: 1 year (preferred) MRP: 2 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID511:
CGI is looking for a Quality Assurance Test Integrator to participate in diverse projects within multidisciplinary teams using the Agile methodology. High-level challenges and a rewarding career await, are you ready? 
ScrapedJobID512:
Be curious about how to continuously improve output and performance. Keep us on track with your high levels of organization and attention to detail. Contribute meaningful insights that feed and enhance the product backlog. Establish a world-class data structure and strategy for the organization (working closely with the Head of Product. Execute your winning data strategy and present your findings in dynamic and meaningful ways. Build an end-to-end organizational process around data from the ground up. Capture exceptional quality data with a low margin of error. Collaborate with clients using empathy and listing skills to deeply understand their reporting needs. Establish a set of generic reports for the role-based security client dashboard, and continuously iterate for improvements. Empower users by training them on how to benefit from new reports or dashboards. Spearhead problem resolution by taking charge and ownership and delivering creative solutions based on your expertise. Shape the future of the organization with your research and evaluation of new technologies and tools for research and data analysis. Ability and experience working with descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive analytics. Ability to mine data from primary and secondary sources. Ability to translate complex theory and lingo into clear and simple information for stakeholders. Ability to ensure the highest quality of the data, while being able to troubleshoot underlying issues as needed. Proven ability to deliver data analysis documentation to the stakeholder level using visuals and dashboards where appropriate. Skilled at problem-solving for client, design, or product needs. Strong collaboration skills to work alongside product, development, QA, and designer teams to identify opportunities for process improvements, recommend system modifications, and develop policies for data governance. Good written and verbal communication skills. Very good understanding of SQL language and able to run queries independently. Above-average skills in Excel or Google Sheets. Experience in working with Power BI. 2+ years of experience working with Google Analytics and Google Data Studios. Experience in working with Agile teams is considered an asset. Strong analytical, problem resolution, and decision-making skills. Bachelor’s degree in computer science, or equivalent. Maintaining professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies. Bilingualism (English/French) is considered an asset. Above-average pay Opportunity to work alongside top performers Creative and flexible compensation packages Flexible remote work environment A meaningful mission Paid training opportunities Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID513:
Cypress Artillery GitHub JIRA Javascript SQL Linux Docker Kubernetes Liaise with our product owners and developers and involve in code review process Create detailed, comprehensive and well structured test plans and test cases Estimate, prioritize, plan and coordinate testing activities Identify, record, document thoroughly and track bugs Perform thorough regression testing when bugs are resolved Automate test cases once the feature is complete Interact with third party monitoring and debugging tools Consult and oversee the work of third party contractors 1 - 4 years of experience in Quality Assurance Strong analytical and problem solving skills Experience with security testing Excellent oral and written communication skills Experience working in an agile development environment Excellent ability working independently or as part of the team Experience working with developers to drive improvements in code quality Strong experience writing test plans and cases and executing them efficiently and accurately Half day Fridays - work a little more from Monday to Thursday, and log off at noon on Friday Company shutdown between Christmas & New Years Trust - you can’t have great teams without this Learning and development - we focus on the growth of the team Hackathons - need we say more? Workation - went to Peru in February 2020 (future trips on hold due to Covid-19) Weekly virtual social events to help promote team camaraderie 
ScrapedJobID514:
A university degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a related discipline, coupled with relevant, ongoing education in quality assurance, project management, business processes, and/or information systems solutions. A minimum of 2 years of experience in a technical environment, testing applications using different types of testing: Functional (Unit Testing, Smoke Testing, Sanity Testing, Integration Testing, Regression Testing, UAT Testing, Accessibility Testing) and Non-Functional (Compatibility Testing, Load Testing, Stress Testing, Security Testing). Experience using technologies such as Java, HTML, databases (DB2 & Microsoft SQL Server) and AS/400 exposure would be an asset. Experience using automated testing tools such as Selenium, Rational Performance Tester and JMeter, as well as accessibility tools such as Jaws and NVDA would be beneficial. Proven data analysis, data verification, and problem-solving abilities. Experience with statistical reporting and analysis. Good project management skills and/or substantial exposure to project-based work structures. Strong interpersonal skills related to needs identification, business process consultation, solution selling and relationship management at all levels of the organization. Understanding of business unit processes, workflows and management control structures. Understanding of performance measures, cost/benefit analysis and ROI. Speaks in a clear, articulate manner for individual and/or group situations. Interprets and applies complex information. Knowledge of system testing best practices and methodologies, coupled with experience with core software applications, including web client, desktop client and server applications. Hands-on experience with automated testing tools, and reporting software is an asset. Knowledge / experience in AS/400 and Windows/Linux platforms, and leveraging same to meet business unit needs, is an asset. Relevant practical experience in Information Services, business processes, control structures and information systems design, development and implementation will be considered in lieu of a university degree. In conjunction with the Information Technology team and client department representatives, facilitates business and end-user testing with respect to applications solutions. Works with business analysts and developers to quantify end-user requirements to help build test cases and conduct quality audits to ensure that problem free solutions are implemented. Collaborates with team to establish and document test processes that are automated/repeatable. Works with Senior Quality Assurance Analyst with respect to application testing and quality assurance standards and works with the development team to ensure that the applications being developed meet the needs of the business. Participates in requirements and design reviews to ensure test plans are traceable to requirements. Provides support to the development team and business units throughout the life cycle of a project. Evaluates system performance and effectiveness and provides ongoing and support for IT solutions. Applies proven analytical and problem-solving skills to help validate IT processes through careful testing to maximize the benefit of business investments in IT initiatives. Works with various business units on creating and executing test cases that ensure the requested business functionality is being developed. The incumbent is required to assist the business units with development of test scenarios and scripts as required. Provides regular reports to business units and department management regarding the status of assigned projects and initiatives from a quality assurance perspective. Researches and quantifies the development and implementation of test processes and tools for high-quality, cost-effective applications solutions in keeping with the defined and agreed needs of client departments and industry best practices. Remains current on new products and tools via technical journals, Internet sources, conferences and courses, and networks with other professionals. Ensures awareness at all times of organization objectives with respect to current and projected plans for provision of IT functionality to business users. Contributes and participates on new initiatives based on best practices in Information Technology and quality assurance as assigned by Senior Quality Assurance Analyst or IT Management staff. Works closely with other members of the Information Technology team and client departments in the identification, diagnosis, isolation and resolution of complex problems. Shares expertise regarding Law Society business systems, and regularly communicates with team members regarding systems issues, projects and initiatives. Acts as a key contributor, facilitating needs identification, and promoting the effective use of information technology solutions to business process and performance objectives. Works towards achieving a service-focused culture with emphasis on delivering on-time, high-quality solutions to internal and external customers. 
ScrapedJobID515:
Network API testing and networking experience is a definite asset. Proven experience as a QA tester or similar role Experience in project management and QA methodology Familiarity with Agile frameworks and regression testing is a plus Develop and execute test cases, scripts, plans and procedures (manual and automated) Working knowledge of test management software Excellent organization & communication skills Oversee all aspects of quality assurance including establishing metrics, applying industry best practices
Act as key point of contact for all QA aspects of releases Lead and mentor QA team members BSc/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field Review and analyse system specifications Collaborate with QA Engineers to develop effective strategies and test plans Execute test cases (manual or automated) and analyse results Create logs to document testing phases and defects Report bugs and errors to development teams Help troubleshoot issues Work with cross-functional teams to ensure quality throughout the software development lifecycle 
ScrapedJobID516:
Mentor strong engineers at all phases of their careers Develop and execute goals for the team Implement industry-standard Agile practices within the team with a focus on continuous improvement Collaborate with product management to build long-term product and technical roadmaps and deliver high quality products Work with peers to ensure that dependencies are outlined and delivered Oversee engineering processes and tools within the team, while utilizing industry best practices Leadership Agile Software Development Software Architecture Software Development best-practices DevOps best-practices Software Quality Assurance best-practices Enterprise software development and deployment Data integration strategies Document generation software experience Experience with Microsoft Dynamics, Salesforce and/or SugarCRM 2+ Years of team management experience 6+ years of experience as a software developer or in an equivalent role 
ScrapedJobID517:
8 hour shift quality assurance: 3 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID518:
Working in a team setting to establish project scope, budget and schedule, and other project or client expectations Leading survey crews on projects; communicating scope and scheduling information to crew members Managing project budgets and financial reporting Managing various survey project types including legal, land development (subdivisions) and infrastructure, topographic, engineering and construction layout Liaising with both internal (McElhanney) and external Project Managers and clients Preparing accurate field notes and drawings, managing information flow from field to final deliverables Providing mentorship, guidance, and training to assist with subordinate’s professional development Ensuring quality assurance procedures are carried out for proposals, field returns, drawings, legal plans, documents, and other deliverables Providing advice to clients on property and legal survey matters Other duties as required. BCLS accreditation with a minimum of 5 years practicing; CLS commission is an asset. Commissioned Land Surveyors from other jurisdictions with intent to attain ABCLS commission will be considered Diploma or degree in Geomatics with strong data processing/computations skills Excellent communication, teamwork, and leadership skills Proficiency in computer applications (MSCAD or Civil3D and GNSS processing software at minimum) Valid driver’s license Periods of travel may be required for the role Flexible work hours to accommodate your busy lifestyle Maternity leave top-up and parental leave Great benefits, including extended health and dental coverage, healthcare spending account, and RRSP matching Employee and Family assistance program, which offers 24/7 support for all employees and their families either online or over the phone A family-like culture that is characterized by respect and inclusion for all Continuous support for your professional development and growth Ability to become a shareholder in an employee owned company 
ScrapedJobID519:
Create test plans and test cases based on software specifications, performance, and regression requirements Communicate with business analysts and developers to improve the quality of the platform Execute functional, performance, and regression test cases and track defects accordingly Assist in deployment verification to production environments Develop and automate test cases that align with the test strategy to ensure an effective risk-based approach while validating the integrity of the platform Refresh and maintain test environments Build and maintain automation scripts to support development changes 2+ years of formal testing experience 2+ years of test automation experience Strong SQL skills and experience with relational databases Strong Python and PHP skills Experience with testing APIs using API testing tools such as Postman Experience with automated testing environments such as Ghost Inspector Understanding of and experience in all aspects of testing from unit, integration, system, functional, and regression to acceptance Attention to detail and sound decision-making skills Experience with DevOps principles and practices Familiarity with newer JS Frameworks and testing: Angular JS, React Familiarity with AWS Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday DCS / DEC (required) quality assurance: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID520:
Lead and manage project activities and client relations related to complex quality assurance and testing projects Communicate progress of testing activities to the Test Manager and stakeholders Facilitate and run defect triage meetings for multiple initiatives Train, mentor and coach junior test team members and provide performance feedback Collaborate with client team to collect, create, present, maintain, and store knowledge transfer assets Maintain solid understanding of software testing best practices, methodologies and terminology Act as a mentor for test team members and provide performance feedback Act as a test subject matter expert for solution and functional areas within assigned projects Develop or assist in developing strategic/tactical testing deliverables such as Test Strategies & Plans Perform requirements analysis and quality risk analysis Accountable for monitoring and reporting test progress & status to project management and stakeholders Oversee the development of test conditions/scenarios and traceability matrix(ces) for multiple teams Oversee the identification and preparation of test data Manage tasks and assignments of team members Monitor and manage completion of assigned testing scope and deliverables Ensure quality processes are followed Produce internal and client facing status reports, as required Participate in and facilitate test retrospective reviews Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science and/or Business or 2-year diploma in IT and/or Business with Equivalent IT Experience Industry recognized Testing Certification to be acquired after 1 year of employment Must hold a valid Canadian passport and be eligible to apply for a US work visa Minimum 5+ yrs. working in Software Testing, Quality Assurance 5+ yrs. working with a Test Case & Defect Management system 5+ yrs. working on teams in Business/IT Sector, 3+ yrs. team lead experience preferred Lottery and gaming experience considered an asset Demonstrable experience with project and client management for complex quality assurance and testing projects Strong interpersonal skills Strong verbal and written English communication skills Strong negotiation skills Critical eye for detail Able to positively motivate team members and instill accountability for on-time, on-budget project delivery Critical thinker Self motivated and ability to work effectively with minimal supervision Ability to build strong relationships with clients and team members Demonstrate the ability to provide information and ideas in a clear, comprehensive, concise and organized manner Maintains excellent time management, task planning and prioritization skills Must have the ability to travel up to 50% 
ScrapedJobID521:
We value our people and our reputation We are locally dedicated with international scale We are future focused and challenge the status quo We foster collaboration in everything we do We have an empowering culture and hold ourselves accountable Ability to work in a dynamic environment and adapt to frequent project changes. Ability to follow complex instructions and diagrams to create or modify drawings using company and government drafting standards. Perform drawing and technology research. Coordinate with Project Managers, Engineers, Designers and other personnel to incorporate concepts and information into drawing packages. Ability to work effectively as part of a team or independently with minimal oversight. Coordinate design drawings with other disciplines Contribute to maintaining WSP quality assurance approaches and methodologies. Other duties as assigned Experience with AutoCAD, Revit, or BIM related software Experience with MicroStation is desirable. Post-secondary education with drafting and/or construction-related experience with emphasis on electronic or electrical disciplines Knowledge of security, IT, and or AV systems would be considered an asset. A flexible approach to the working environment Ability to obtain a Public Works and Government Services Canada security clearance and work in a secure environment Ability to work under deadlines and manage multiple priorities. Very strong verbal and written communication skills. Proficient in the use of the MS Office Suite. Must be willing to travel periodically and as required for project assignments. Must hold valid driver’s license. 
ScrapedJobID522:
Research and development institution Help desk Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Python Shell script Basic security clearance Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Unix Linux Java C++ JavaOS SQL Initiative Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Organized Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Dental Benefits 
ScrapedJobID523:
Work closely with designers and other engineers to implement new features and pages. Build efficient and reusable front-end abstractions and systems. Identify and address performance bottlenecks. Participate in UI/UX design decisions. Exceptional proficiency with HTML/CSS/Javascript in a production environment. A passion for building products with an exceptional user experience. A disciplined approach to testing and quality assurance. A love of what you do and a positive, can-do attitude. An understanding that you're not just an engineer, you're a driving force for the success of the company. Startup experience is a huge plus Experience with large scale web services jQuery and Backbone.js experience a plus 
ScrapedJobID524:
Prepare corporate and personal tax returns Assist audit teams as needed Compile and organize client information and records Assist client’s financial needs as they arise Use tax software (Taxprep) to prepare tax returns Use CaseWare Working Papers to compile and organize client information Compile and share findings with managers and partners Communicate with the Canada Revenue Agency Draft and proofread financial statements, tax plans and reporting letters with little or no revision needed You have 1 year of either audit experience or tax experience You have an undergraduate degree and are working towards your CPA designation You are able to work with time management, tax, bookkeeping and client software Deadline-driven, your work is always completed on time You are prepared to work long hours when required Patient and calm, you are able to communicate with colleagues and clients, ensuring their needs are met You are an exceptional team player and have experience working in a team setting 
ScrapedJobID525:
Scheduling includes 30 minutes unpaid break time, per day. Receive and review purchase orders, cheque requests, and/or other related documentation for completeness and compliance with financial policies, procedures and contractual requirements. Match original invoices and requests for payment with internal purchase requisitions and cheque requests; monitor due dates and notify controller of those due and/or past due. Code, verify and electronically enter accounts payable data into ledgers; reconcile inter-company accounts as required. Draw, verify and post payment cheques to appropriate vendors and/or agencies. Follow up on account statements and other discrepancies regarding payment of accounts, and serve as liaison between programs and vendors in the resolution of administrative problems and inquiries. Maintain, log, enter and balance account data and generates A/P listing reports as required. Compile purchasing requisitions; prepare purchasing and accounting paperwork; reconcile invoices with purchase requisitions in preparation for payment processing. Receive specified incoming materials, supplies and equipment and compares information on packing slip with purchase requisition to verify accuracy of shipments. Ensure adherence to related policies and procedures, objectives, quality assurance programs, and safety standards. Develop or assist with the development and implementation of policies and procedures consistent with those of the agency to ensure efficient and safe operation of the department. Contribute to establishing and maintaining a safe and healthy physical environment and adheres to OHS requirements. Perform miscellaneous job-related duties as assigned. Minimum high school diploma or general equivalency diploma (GED) with a specialized admin support program. Minimum of 2 years experience directly related to the specified duties and responsibilities SAGE 300 or Sage Intacct experience is an asset Accounting Diploma or Certificate is preferred Skill in the use of computers and related applications, including Windows and Linux platforms and MS and/or Open Office suites; willingness to learn and adapt to new software. Familiar with computer-based group conferencing processes. Ability to re-prioritize and adjust to interruptions and changing requirements. Ability to comprehend information and communicate effectively both orally and in writing, including business communications. Knowledge of standard accounts payable policies, procedures and regulations. Knowledge of purchase requisitions and related accounts payable documentation. Ability to understand and interpret vendor invoices, statements, and other requests for payment. Ability to complete routine paperwork and maintain records. Skill in organizing resources and establishing priorities. Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing. Skill in the use of personal computers and applicable software applications, including an automated accounting system. Ability to analyze and solve problems; ability to make administrative/procedural decisions and judgements. Ability to gather data, compile information, and process computer data to formulate and generate reports. Ability to detect problems and report information to appropriate personnel. Knowledge of general accounting principles; knowledge of accounts payable and accounts receivable procedures and policies. Knowledge of agency organizational structure, work flow and operating procedures. Ability to foster a cooperative work environment, work effectively both independently and as a member of a team, and meet deadlines. 
ScrapedJobID526:
or equivalent experience Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Word processing software MS Windows Internet Database software Networking security Extranet Intranet Servers File management software Security software Presentation software Mail server software Communication software Programming software Software development MS Office Initiative Accurate Team player Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID527:
Effectuer diverses analyses physico-chimiques; Consulter des ouvrages scientifiques de toutes sortes afin de garantir la validité des analyses effectuées; Veiller à l'entretien et à la propreté du laboratoire; Utiliser les systèmes de contrôle en place, par exemple : les divers registres, les formulaires appropriés, etc.; Effectuer toutes autres tâches connexes. Diplôme technique d'analyse en laboratoire et 3 ans d'expérience / et , ou Diplôme de niveau universitaire en chimie Excellente capacité de rédaction Bonne maîtrise du logiciel Excel Professionnalisme et rigueur Très bonne compréhension de l'anglais Emploi permanent Équipe dynamique REER collectif avantageux Des assurances collectives Télémédecine pour l'employé et sa famille 5 journées de maladies Perform various physico-chemical analyzes; Consult scientific literature of all kinds to ensure the validity of theperformed analyzes; Ensure the maintenance and cleanliness of the laboratory; Use the control systems in place, for example: the various registers, the appropriate forms, etc .; Perform other related duties. Technical degree in laboratory analysis and 3 years of experience / and / or University degree in chemistry Excellent writing skills Good knowledge of Excel software Professionalism and rigor Very good understanding of English Permanent position Dynamic team A good RRSP Group insurances Virtual Healthcare for employee and family 5 flexible days 
ScrapedJobID528:
Engineering leadership responsibility for: design, structural requirements, material properties, analysis, testing, costs, and customer validation, familiar with manufacturing process and tolerance control required for sustainable quality. Proactive product leadership in coordinating product development and launch with customer and cross functional teams using APQP and weekly meetings. Support and manage the internal development of existing and/or new company products for mass production readiness and implementation to achieve PPAP Approval. Manage production development activities from pre-production design review activities through and to production phase. Managing prototype parts, trials, PTR and tooling development leading cross functional teams to ensure project timeline are on target. Also to supporting outside vendors and managing pre-production quality and customer audits and management of sign-off activities. Must be able to plan and track program completion, pro-actively identifying resource requirements and effectively manage people when delegating work as required. Plan, schedule, coordinate and execute/overview development programs timing from concept to launch. Give direction to Product Designers as necessary for CAD/CAE (CATIA V5) functions. Develop DFMEA & DVP & R and PV plan as necessary working with Corporate Team. Schedule meetings with and give direction to other departments as required to accomplish program objectives and to meet PPAP timing. Review drawing changes, work closely with APQP Coordinator to check, approve and issue ECN, PCN, RFC as necessary according to IATF 16949 and other customer requirements. Ensure that IATF 16949/APQP requirements are met for each program as per company procedures. Prepare cost estimates for design proposals and changes to processes and tooling as required. Perform any other duties that may be specifically or generally assigned by management. Bachelors of Engineering or related work experience (5 or more years preferred). Must have knowledge of basic and advanced engineering principle and standards. Must be familiar with quality assurance principles, and advanced manufacturing processes. Must have experience in automotive industry. Ability to multi-task, good judgement, strong relationship building, leadership and organization skills. Ability to use and understand Geometric Dimension and Tolerance (GD&T). Solid knowledge of Microsoft Office Software Bachelor of Applied Science degree in Mechanical Engineering, or Mechanical Engineering Technology considered an asset. 
ScrapedJobID529:
Execute daily operations in an effective & safe manner to exceed brand standards Assisting in increasing production output, work capacity & flexibility while reducing waste Responsible for product yields & ensuring proper organization and maintenance in the production area Scheduling, delegating, managing employees on the production line Maintain product flow efficiencies for the plant Support, improve & implement company policies & procedures Responsible for ensuring that productivity & quality goals are communicated to staff and are met or exceeded. Working closely with lead hands, in ensuring timeliness of all requests Follow production schedule closely & communicate any issues regarding production flow to the Production Planner/Analyst Monitors production processes, adjusting the production schedule as needed Analyzes team's production measures, identifying areas to improve efficiency Ensures compliance with all applicable regulatory legal standards & requirements Provide support & guidance to Lead hands, resolve work problems & recommend measures to improve productivity Document & track staff performance Completes health & Safety walk-throughs & documentation Ensure compliance by all staff of workplace safety procedure Job training & team meetings to ensure efficient and safe task performance Be able to work & contribute to a team environment Performs other related duties as required Job Type: Permanent Full-time Probationary Period: 3-months / 480 hours service time (whichever happens later) Work Location: Mississauga ON Shift Requirement: The primary shift is afternoons, starting from 12:00 pm or 2:00 pm to finish. Salary Package: TBD depends on experience level Minimum 3 years experience in manufacturing/production management, preference in the food industry Have a strong knowledge food of safety, Product quality, productivity & inventory processes Direct experience with production planning, resources allocation, employee management & team-building skills. Proficient in the use of computer software, applications Ability to communicate across a large team in a cross-functional environment Strong communication, analytical & problem-solving skills, strong leadership qualities & a get it done attitude College or university degree required, preference in business management 
ScrapedJobID530:
Network API testing and networking experience is a definite asset. Proven experience as a QA tester or similar role Experience in project management and QA methodology Familiarity with Agile frameworks and regression testing is a plus Develop and execute test cases, scripts, plans and procedures (manual and automated) Working knowledge of test management software Excellent organization & communication skills Oversee all aspects of quality assurance including establishing metrics, applying industry best practices
Act as key point of contact for all QA aspects of releases Lead and mentor QA team members BSc/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field Review and analyse system specifications Collaborate with QA Engineers to develop effective strategies and test plans Execute test cases (manual or automated) and analyse results Create logs to document testing phases and defects Report bugs and errors to development teams Help troubleshoot issues Work with cross-functional teams to ensure quality throughout the software development lifecycle 
ScrapedJobID531:
We budget 40% of our sprints to technical enhancements. Internal hackathons for you to chase a new solution that you think adds value. Bi-weekly learning sessions where people from all dev teams can share new ideas, tools, concepts, and solutions. Training/education/conference budget. Opportunity for long-term growth within a rapidly expanding company. Join a diverse team that offers different perspectives and never settles for 'this is just how it's always been done.' We have a DevOps team dedicated to making your life easier. Design and implement automated test cases (automated end-to-end tests in Salesforce, and API smoke tests) Assist with manual testing when needed. Monitor system quality through automated testing. Continuously increase automated test coverage and enhance the test automation framework. Be the test expert for the BMS team. Actively encourage and educate the team about best practices in best practices and automated testing. 2+ years of experience in Test Automation and Quality Assurance. University degree or college diploma in a recognized technical, vocational, or academic program (preferably in Engineering or Computer Science) or equivalent work experience. Intermediate-level experience in javascript, and some Typescript. Experience with unit, integration, and end-to-end testing. Experience with at least 1 testing framework: cypress, selenium, or other testing frameworks. Proactive/entrepreneurial spirit of finding things to test before being told or before a bug. Comfortable writing both API and front-end tests. Experience in Salesforce is a huge plus but not required. Opportunity to work for Canada’s fastest-growing insurtech startup Contemporary office downtown TO, 1 minute from Osgoode Station and 7 minutes from Union Station Flexible work environment/work from home arrangements available to everyone Modern technology - laptops provided to all staff Comprehensive, flexible health, including mental health, and dental plans to suit all lifestyles Parental Leave top-up Weekly Friday company-wide meetings Build next level relationships with your peers through scheduled companywide virtual team building events Be a part of something special, we are confident you won’t find any other insurance company like us :) 
ScrapedJobID532:
Coding of software Work with technical architects and senior software developers to define and document solutions Effectively collaborate with business analysts, quality assurance analysts, and DBA's throughout the software development life cycle Review, test and document software functionality Analyze, debug and resolve defects and/or production issues Meet deadlines and complete development solutions with quality Developers are expected to be team players: intra- and inter-department co-operation fosters morale and productivity Developers are expected to be proactive about the development of their business knowledge, including understanding fundamental concepts of RPM's systems like including, but not limited to, clients, plan accounts, investments, order entry, order fulfillment and settlement, and taxation. Developers are encouraged to develop these skills through training with other developers, both one on one and in group environments like ‘Lunch and Learns', as well as through courses like IFIC 1-2 years of software development experience (professional or internships) University Degree in Computer/Software engineering or a related discipline Comprehensive knowledge or experience of the following technologies: Java, SQL, PL/SQL Knowledge or familiarity with Oracle performance tuning is an asset A proactive, “service-first” attitude combined with strong written and verbal communication skills Ability to work independently on projects, with tight deadlines, under minimal supervision Interest or experience developing financial applications, preferably within the Wealth Management industry, such as banking, mutual funds (record keeping or distribution) and/or securities Competitive compensation including tuition reimbursement for skill development and continuous learning Comprehensive benefits including health & dental and matching group RRSP contributions Corporate employee discount program Employee Referral Bonus Program Central location located in the heart of the financial district, close to GO and TTC. Check out our commute score here! 
ScrapedJobID533:
Work closely with Product, Dev and Design to ship awesome new features Build test suites for new feature development, and execute both manually and using automated scripts, working in an Agile process as part of a Scrum team Develop and maintain our growing Automation suite Facilitate communication between Dev, PM and other QA team members to ensure product meets strict requirements Work with the team to help evolve our QA processes and tools Get involved in the early stages of product development and provide crucial feedback during planning meetings Minimum three years of software testing experience is required, with minimum one year in an Agile development environment Experience testing Products, both front and back-end, working as part of a Product development group Experience using bug tracking and test case management tools (JIRA, TestRail) Solid understanding of Quality Assurance testing methodology and processes Experienced writing automation scripts from scratch (non-record playback) using various tools/frameworks to help streamline testing (Selenium/Javascript/Nightwatch) Strong experience with API testing (JSON, REST), using tools such as Postman and JMeter (performance testing) Comfortable working in a fast paced environment Passionate about building amazing products Experience working on a fast-paced agile product team Strong written and oral communicator Nice-to-have: Degree/Diploma in Computer Science, Engineering or a relevant IT field Committed to continuous growth through learning (take advantage of our employee personal development budget!) Health, wellness and lifestyle benefits to balance your heart, mind, and body. Pension matching and Employee Equity Incentives to support your financial health. Unlimited paid time off so you can really recharge and enjoy life. Enough said. Flexible working environment. Choose your home, one of our trendy offices or mix it up. Virtual team building and socials. Keeping people connected is important. And an amazing culture to top it all off! 
ScrapedJobID534:
Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID535:
Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Vision care 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID536:
Maintain high levels of customer satisfaction and retention through proactive communication and management of client activity Responds to all customer requests for assistance in a timely manner that meets or exceeds the expected service level agreement Provide initial technical analysis and support for all incoming customer issues or inquiries via phone, email, and ticketing system Diagnose, troubleshoot, identify solutions, and resolve customer issues within designated service level agreements Responsible for data collection, organization, and documentation Drive timely and successful resolution of complex requests that require collaboration with other team members and departments Conduct quality assurance for application changes, fixes, and upgrades Collaborate with application engineers, IT, and sales team to produce estimates Coordinate maintenance tasks and upgrades with the client and internal teams Establish a solid understanding of entellitrak software and configurations Maintain awareness of contractual obligations and project hours/billing Track and report status of assigned projects and tasks Balance multiple projects simultaneously Participate in on-call, after-hour shift rotation, to ensure overall service level targets are achieved Strong technical foundation including SQL programming skills, knowledge of relational databases, and familiarity with Java or JavaScript Willingness to improve technical knowledge independently and continuously Strong analysis, facilitation, communication, time management, and organizational skills Critical thinking and problem-solving capability Business analysis or customer support experience in a software, web application, or IT-related field Bachelor’s degree in a related field Must be eligible to obtain and hold a US Government security clearance of Top Secret 
ScrapedJobID537:
Performs quality measurement, testing and inspection of product, including certification of product that complies to the highest standard Collection and recording of QA data collected in the appropriate software program. Manage equipment, process, and procedure change and coordinate the completion of validation activities as required. Evaluate systems and processes to seek out improvement Investigation of production issues through data search as required Responsible for ensuring appropriate and mandatory testing is carried out on all products including physical property and any additional testing Review product non-conformances for hold material. Help determine the cause(s) and the elements leading to product failure. Communicate the information to the Quality coordinator and plant superintendent for agreement of proper disposition. Inspection of incoming raw materials. Coordinate and maintain raw material logbooks. Part of the daily production meeting team, report all non-conformance or trend concerning the quality of the product to the quality coordinator Minimum High School education or equivalent – Required Minimum of three years quality experience in a manufacturing plant setting – Preferred Working knowledge of Microsoft Office products Excellent interpersonal and customer service skills Excellent organizational skills and attention to details Excellent time management skills with a proven ability to meet deadlines Understand units of measure in standard, metric, PSI and temperature Bilingual, French and English Quality Assurance: 3 years (preferred) Laboratory: 2 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID538:
Software Development : propose and evaluate design options, review code, analyze requirements, implement high quality code and tests in areas of web APIs, database, and Cloud-components, as well as analysis pipeline execution; keeping end user needs in mind. Team work : work closely with architects, product managers, and other development leads and teams across sites to drive projects forward with high quality code, scalable and maintainable components, and delivering excellence on schedule. Process & Operations : ensure test automation and regulatory compliance are embedded into software development practices and apply Lean principles in activities you participate in for the continuous improvement of how our teams function and the quality of the products we build. Participate and lead in all aspects of quality testing and release of Roche’s analytics software products by working with distributed systems, backend testing, UI testing, database testing Write test plans, test cases, conduct code reviews Technically guide other test engineers and provide sound technical solutions, particularly efficient and effective test automation Implement and maintain an end-to-end automation test framework for running UI integration tests and quality dashboards using various tools: Java, JavaScript/TypeScript, Cypress, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, TestNG, Junit Implement automated API testing using tools such as REST Assured or SOAP UI Work closely with the development team to improve unit test coverage, frameworks and productivity tools Participate in requirements, architecture, and design specification reviews Use defect management tools such as JIRA Use the GIT source code management system and the Jenkins Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment tool Develop Load and Performance tests using tools such as JMeter Develop tests for DNA Analytics tools B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science or equivalent field 8+ years of direct related experience in Software Quality Assurance and testing with proficiency in Behavioral + Test-Driven Development principles or equivalent combination of education and experience to perform at this level Experience defining and executing on testing strategy and approach Experience technically leading the test team on testing approach and automation solutions Proficiency in at least one of these languages: Java (preferred), JavaScript/TypeScript, Python/Ruby, and Bash Comfortable with: AWS, and Linux Shell Experience with various QA and support related tools such as Selenium, Maven, TestNG/JUnit, Cucumber, Protractor, Jenkins Experience with creating automated tests for API, UI and database layers Experience with developing, running and analyzing load and performance tests Experience in creating from scratch, maintaining and improving comprehensive test automation framework covering all major testing areas - UI, API, database, middleware Leadership, mentoring and cross-team communication and effort coordination experience Bioinformatics experience of any kind 
ScrapedJobID539:
Design functional test cases that verify requirements and validate functionalities; Create, maintain and complete a growing and robust suite of automated end-to-end test cases, using internal tools and processes; Participate in all aspects of testing an e-commerce platform. This includes functional review, functional and regression test planning, bug tracking and reporting in an Agile environment; Analyze the needs and estimate the effort to test a specific functionality (“User story”); Execute all levels of testing, including functional testing, regression testing, smoke testing, exploratory testing and load testing; Report bugs and incidents to the development team (Azure DevOps tool); Collaborate with developers to improve the quality of deliverables and ensure business needs are met; Identify opportunities for improvement and recommend solutions to optimize and evolve processes and work methods; Actively contribute to the growth of our product knowledge base and interface with external audiences and internal teams as required. Robust experience with Selenium, TestNG and Maven; Hands-on experience with rigorous execution of test cycles from start to finish; Experience working hands-on in software development teams (SCRUM and Agile methods). Passionate about the web, e-commerce, online payment solutions, social networks (Facebook, etc.) and online search engines (Google, etc.); Able to work on multiple priorities simultaneously. Knowledge of the Azure DevOps tool; Knowledge of the Microsoft Azure environment; Experience in C#, HTML, JavaScript, JQuery, CSS Selector, XPath; Knowledge of automated testing Cypress; Familiar with Microsoft SQL Server and T-SQL; Knowledge of object-oriented programming (OOP). Bachelor’s degree or college diploma; Three (3) to five (5) years of experience in software quality assurance. A flexible work schedule (37.5 hours/week) in a friendly and dynamic environment; Possibility of teleworking after the pandemic, no minimum number of days in the office will be imposed; Work equipment provided while working from home; Competitive salaries; Full group insurance plans upon hiring; Stock purchase plan after three (3) months; Minimum 3-week vacation; Paid vacations between Christmas and New Year’s Day; Five sick days; Two personal floating days. 
ScrapedJobID540:
A safe and clean; GMP regulated work environment Opportunities for career growth and development A competitive wage/salary Incentive bonus programs that are designed to reward employees for their individual contributions Benefit programs designed to support our employees and their families, including a comprehensive health & dental benefits package, group RRSP matching program, direct access to healthcare and well-being programs, and paid time off Employee training and organizational development programs including tuition reimbursement, internal mobility programs, and employee recognition programs Develop and maintain Site Controlled Substances Oversight Program as per Health Canada Requirements Ensure timely submissions and communications with the Office of Controlled Substances Assist Senior Qualified Person in Charge (S/QPIC) with development and completion of all the Program associated SOPs, documents and forms Lead and guideA/QPICs and ensure their effective execution of responsibilities Ensure correct design of the storage cage, its secure access and appropriate periodically checked surveillance system Ensure appropriate establishment of the Chain of Signature process and timely carrier vendor qualification Assist in investigations associated with Controlled Substance transportation, storage and destruction Ensure timely destruction of the controlled substance products including completion and archival of all the necessary documentation Execute appropriate actions in the case of Controlled substance shortage, counterfeit and theft Initiate and monitor all CAPAs associated with the Controlled Substances Oversight Program Host Office of Controlled Substances inspections and execute all necessary follow up actions and communications Perform Lead Auditor role in the audits associated with Controlled Substances Oversight Program including external Warehouse facilities, Contract Manufacturing sites, and Brampton site self-inspection audits of all the departments involved into controlled substances handling activities Review all the configuration data entered into the LIMS system, provide feedback on the common errors to the LIMS management team Approve all the Change Controls associated with LIMS data entries Ensure that LIMS system entries have been configured as per the latest version of the test methods and specifications Support all the activities and enhancement projects associated with SAP QA Module Manage SAP system access and perform the role of the SAP QA Module Superuser Execute training to the SAP Quality Module identifying their appropriate access roles as per necessary permissions Other duties as assigned Minimum of B.Sc. chemistry or other associated discipline 5 - 7 years experience in QA in the pharmaceutical industry Experience with SAP Quality module and system associated projects Experience with cream/ointment products is preferred Experience in performing audits Experience with LIMS system as a user is an asset Previous experience with handling and management of Controlled Substances and communications with Health Canada QPIC responsibilities is an asset Bilingual (French and English) capabilities is an asset Good organizational skills, detail oriented and multi-tasking ability Excellent written and verbal skills Knowledge of applicable software Knowledgeable of pharmaceutical operations Knowledgeable of GMP, FDA and HPFBI requirements 
ScrapedJobID541:
· 6+ years’ experience as a Software QA Analyst testing or tester role · 5+ years’ experience testing relational databases; good SQL skills · 4+ years’ experience using Selenium (Java Code using WebDriver) and building automation framework · Passionate about QA and keeping current with industry trends and best practices · Demonstrated ability to work well with others in a small, highly accountable development environment · Experience working in an Agile SCRUM environment · Proven problem solving aptitude · Excellent written and verbal communication skills · Salesforce knowledge a plus · Knowledge of the financial industry a plus · Develop test plans/cases within an agile framework from user stories or requirement specifications; define methodologies, pre-conditions, pass/fail criteria, risk assessment and assumptions. · Assist QA Manager in enforcing quality processes and methodologies across the IT division and be responsible for maintaining standards throughout the software development lifecycle. · Be familiar with all testing types (Unit, Integration, System, Functional, Regression, Security, Compatibility, Scalability, Sanity, Back-End, Ad-Hoc, Automation, End-to-End, etc.). · Actively participate in estimating work and monitoring progress against milestones. Act as QA automation lead on projects if required. · Lead offshore resource for automation tasks and monitor progress. · Working in collaboration with Application Development, the Quality Assurance team, Project Management, Business Analysts, and other IT stakeholders to ensure that the applications development projects have been tested thoroughly and meet the required deliverables and quality standards. · Experienced in building automation framework, complex automated test scripts and documenting automation process. · Experience developing Selenium scripts, debugging, supporting and monitoring test sequences, customizing data, object repository. · Developed test scripts using Selenium WebDriver and Java. Involve in design and implementation of Selenium WebDriver automation framework for regression test suites · Be familiar with Data Driven Framework using Selenium WebDriver, Data-Driven Testing using TestNG and Microsoft Excel, document reports, test results, Eclipse IDE Used Java and Selenium WebDriver. · Partner with Scrum team members to automate product increments in an iterative fashion. · Establish test automation frameworks and best practices, techniques to meet the short and long term goals of organization. · Hands-on experience in developing Selenium scripts, writing functions, supporting and monitoring test sequences, customizing data, object repository. · Support the build and installation of software in internal and customer-facing test environments. · Handle multiple tasks effectively and communicate well. · Demonstrate excellent teamwork and collaboration skills throughout all stages of the SDLC. Monday to Friday quality assurance: 7 years (preferred) Selenium: 6 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID542:
Lead & manage the QA Team Participate in the revision of design & functional specifications. Define required test strategies and QA team KPI Develop and execute tests including performance and security tests. Report on results and recommend the release of the products. Manage the results of various testing activities and ensure that they are entered into the system. DEC in software engineering, computer science or other related field 5+ years’ experience managing quality assurance for a SaaS platform and teams that support it. 5+ years of experience in supporting software development and via automated end to end testing Strong analytical skills and experience with implementation and administration of Software Quality Assurance metrics, such as defect profiles and entry/exit criteria. Experience in and comfort with agile practices (e.g. Scrum, Kanban) Experience in managing and working with remote team members. Hands-on experience with test/QA Automation tools such as selenium and performance tests. Experience with JIRA and building effective dashboards on system defects. Familiar with micro-service architecture and APIs. Bilingual English and French. High communication skills. Montreal’s downtown, close to Guy-Concordia station Full range of benefits (e.g. medical insurance, bus pass..) Healthy snacks, complimentary weekly group lunches Dining room and a games room Dynamic and stimulating international work environment. 
ScrapedJobID543:
A safe and clean; GMP regulated work environment Opportunities for career growth and development A competitive wage/salary Incentive bonus programs that are designed to reward employees for their individual contributions Benefit programs designed to support our employees and their families, including a comprehensive health & dental benefits package, group RRSP matching program, direct access to healthcare and well-being programs, and paid time off Employee training and organizational development programs including tuition reimbursement, internal mobility programs, and employee recognition programs Develop and maintain Site Controlled Substances Oversight Program as per Health Canada Requirements Ensure timely submissions and communications with the Office of Controlled Substances Assist Senior Qualified Person in Charge (S/QPIC) with development and completion of all the Program associated SOPs, documents and forms Lead and guideA/QPICs and ensure their effective execution of responsibilities Ensure correct design of the storage cage, its secure access and appropriate periodically checked surveillance system Ensure appropriate establishment of the Chain of Signature process and timely carrier vendor qualification Assist in investigations associated with Controlled Substance transportation, storage and destruction Ensure timely destruction of the controlled substance products including completion and archival of all the necessary documentation Execute appropriate actions in the case of Controlled substance shortage, counterfeit and theft Initiate and monitor all CAPAs associated with the Controlled Substances Oversight Program Host Office of Controlled Substances inspections and execute all necessary follow up actions and communications Perform Lead Auditor role in the audits associated with Controlled Substances Oversight Program including external Warehouse facilities, Contract Manufacturing sites, and Brampton site self-inspection audits of all the departments involved into controlled substances handling activities Review all the configuration data entered into the LIMS system, provide feedback on the common errors to the LIMS management team Approve all the Change Controls associated with LIMS data entries Ensure that LIMS system entries have been configured as per the latest version of the test methods and specifications Support all the activities and enhancement projects associated with SAP QA Module Manage SAP system access and perform the role of the SAP QA Module Superuser Execute training to the SAP Quality Module identifying their appropriate access roles as per necessary permissions Other duties as assigned Minimum of B.Sc. chemistry or other associated discipline 5 - 7 years experience in QA in the pharmaceutical industry Experience with SAP Quality module and system associated projects Experience with cream/ointment products is preferred Experience in performing audits Experience with LIMS system as a user is an asset Previous experience with handling and management of Controlled Substances and communications with Health Canada QPIC responsibilities is an asset Bilingual (French and English) capabilities is an asset Good organizational skills, detail oriented and multi-tasking ability Excellent written and verbal skills Knowledge of applicable software Knowledgeable of pharmaceutical operations Knowledgeable of GMP, FDA and HPFBI requirements 
ScrapedJobID544:
Represent the Quality Assurance organization as a member of the Integrated Project Team, to support assigned Program/s throughout its lifecycle; to include proposal; award; planning; requirements; design; integration; test; acceptance and delivery. Implement advanced quality planning techniques to minimize project risk. Understand risk and risk management as an essential part of the quality engineering work scope. Interface with internal design and manufacturing personnel as well as program managers, supplier quality and supply chain functions. Assist in technical quality requirements, as needed. Work with manufacturing engineers, production supervision, and production personnel to facilitate a team approach to addressing product/process related quality issues Direct/train inspectors on implementation of quality tools, inspections, and new procedures. Support the functional testing of component, subassembly and final assembly configurations through design documentation and acceptance test procedures. Be the customer interface for quality related issues Perform assessments of internal processes as well as supplier processes. Use results to drive continuous improvement. Implement, interpret and utilize metrics toward process improvement activity. Ensures that corrective actions are implemented and proven to be effective. Ability to obtain and maintain DoD Secret Clearance Bachelor's degree within a technical field desired, minimum of 5 years direct related experience required. ASQ Certified Quality Engineer Certificate desired. Experience working within the aerospace, automotive and/or defense industry, preferred. Proficient in technical writing, excellent documentation skills; attention to detail is critical; ability to read and interpret engineering drawings required. Demonstrated analytical expertise including ability to plan, resolve problems effectively, and establish priorities. Understanding of AS9100, IPC, RCCA, & 5 Why analysis required. Intermediate to advanced level of computer skills in email, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Microsoft Project, and MRP. Demonstrated ability to communicate with customers and project company image to attract business. Leadership skills—people management, meeting facilitation, and customer support. Negotiation and conflict management skills together with demonstrated experience troubleshooting and problem-solving. Experience with romer arm and pc-dmis software 
ScrapedJobID545:
Engineering leadership responsibility for: design, structural requirements, material properties, analysis, testing, costs, and customer validation, familiar with manufacturing process and tolerance control required for sustainable quality. Proactive product leadership in coordinating product development and launch with customer and cross functional teams using APQP and weekly meetings. Support and manage the internal development of existing and/or new company products for mass production readiness and implementation to achieve PPAP Approval. Manage production development activities from pre-production design review activities through and to production phase. Managing prototype parts, trials, PTR and tooling development leading cross functional teams to ensure project timeline are on target. Also to supporting outside vendors and managing pre-production quality and customer audits and management of sign-off activities. Must be able to plan and track program completion, pro-actively identifying resource requirements and effectively manage people when delegating work as required. Plan, schedule, coordinate and execute/overview development programs timing from concept to launch. Give direction to Product Designers as necessary for CAD/CAE (CATIA V5) functions. Develop DFMEA & DVP & R and PV plan as necessary working with Corporate Team. Schedule meetings with and give direction to other departments as required to accomplish program objectives and to meet PPAP timing. Review drawing changes, work closely with APQP Coordinator to check, approve and issue ECN, PCN, RFC as necessary according to IATF 16949 and other customer requirements. Ensure that IATF 16949/APQP requirements are met for each program as per company procedures. Prepare cost estimates for design proposals and changes to processes and tooling as required. Perform any other duties that may be specifically or generally assigned by management. Bachelors of Engineering or related work experience (5 or more years preferred). Must have knowledge of basic and advanced engineering principle and standards. Must be familiar with quality assurance principles, and advanced manufacturing processes. Must have experience in automotive industry. Ability to multi-task, good judgement, strong relationship building, leadership and organization skills. Ability to use and understand Geometric Dimension and Tolerance (GD&T). Solid knowledge of Microsoft Office Software Bachelor of Applied Science degree in Mechanical Engineering, or Mechanical Engineering Technology considered an asset. 
ScrapedJobID546:

ScrapedJobID547:
Create, maintain, execute & document both manual & automated test plans Design & implement sustainable test automation Work closely with developers on identifying, documenting, designing and enhancing the testability of new and existing features Develop and apply test strategies for current and future projects/platforms Review designs and requirements for features as a team, while providing qualitative feedback, including evaluating risk and time estimates, feature content, suggestions and improvements Communicate with developers, stakeholders and players to monitor and triage defects Investigate failure points and work with users to implement solutions 2+ years’ experience in Quality Assurance with a QA Engineering focus Experience with test driven development and automated testing Excellent programming and debugging skills in C++, C#, JavaScript & Python Skill in troubleshooting, characterizing, and describing software defects A solid understanding of QA methodologies, and best practices Experience working with telemetry and analytics to measure product health & performance Demonstrated knowledge of desktop hardware and software for Windows & macOS A deep passion for QA & Gaming An uncanny ability to break software in unexpected ways The inspiring challenge of working on pioneering ambitious projects with amazingly smart and creative co-workers A multicultural work environment that encourages growth, creativity and innovation Double work station setup and flexible work environment An active fun division that hosts regular events An excellent canteen that offers a weekly breakfast and lunch menu as well as drinks and snacks Discretionary quarterly and annual performance sharing plan Annual sports grant Mobile device and a mobile usage package Home Internet A conditional monthly transportation grant Work environment that focuses on employee well-being On-site doctor, free of charge as well as other on-site services at a discounted price Relocation Package 
ScrapedJobID548:
Execute daily operations in an effective & safe manner to exceed brand standards Assisting in increasing production output, work capacity & flexibility while reducing waste Responsible for product yields & ensuring proper organization and maintenance in the production area Scheduling, delegating, managing employees on the production line Maintain product flow efficiencies for the plant Support, improve & implement company policies & procedures Responsible for ensuring that productivity & quality goals are communicated to staff and are met or exceeded. Working closely with lead hands, in ensuring timeliness of all requests Follow production schedule closely & communicate any issues regarding production flow to the Production Planner/Analyst Monitors production processes, adjusting the production schedule as needed Analyzes team's production measures, identifying areas to improve efficiency Ensures compliance with all applicable regulatory legal standards & requirements Provide support & guidance to Lead hands, resolve work problems & recommend measures to improve productivity Document & track staff performance Completes health & Safety walk-throughs & documentation Ensure compliance by all staff of workplace safety procedure Job training & team meetings to ensure efficient and safe task performance Be able to work & contribute to a team environment Performs other related duties as required Job Type: Permanent Full-time Probationary Period: 3-months / 480 hours service time (whichever happens later) Work Location: Mississauga ON Shift Requirement: The primary shift is afternoons, starting from 12:00 pm or 2:00 pm to finish. Salary Package: TBD depends on experience level Minimum 3 years experience in manufacturing/production management, preference in the food industry Have a strong knowledge food of safety, Product quality, productivity & inventory processes Direct experience with production planning, resources allocation, employee management & team-building skills. Proficient in the use of computer software, applications Ability to communicate across a large team in a cross-functional environment Strong communication, analytical & problem-solving skills, strong leadership qualities & a get it done attitude College or university degree required, preference in business management 
ScrapedJobID549:
Design robust, highly disciplined and maintainable data migration/conversion processes; build master data repositories; develop data profiling, quality and cleansing requirements. Serve as a data quality/cleansing consultant for functional analysts to help define, estimate, and propose solutions for functional data issues. Develop proof-of-concepts and prototypes to help illustrate approaches to technology and functional problems. Contribute to designing detailed data migration/conversion strategies, approaches, and plans under the guidance of the Data Conversion Lead. Create technical design documents to communicate solutions that will be implemented by the development team. Facilitates and conducts design and code reviews for other Data Developers to ensure efficiency and adherence to development standards. Gather scope and requirements of assigned data migration/conversion units. Contributes to the development of data specifications. Build and maintain working relationships and collaborates with others to achieve client objectives. Designs, develops and programs custom software, defines detailed application specifications, standards, and diagrams and develops coding logic flowcharts. Develops overall systems design, researches and evaluates vendor supplied applications, provides customize or develop recommendations, and implements accordingly. Analyzes and reviews existing or proposed system features and integration, security, scalability and performance requirements with clients, business analysts, and team members. Manages small to medium sized projects and related budgets. Packages in house developed applications for production or integrates vendor supplied applications. Provides technical expertise, training, and consultation to other staff. Develops or modifies software application design and specific modules. Conducts testing of new or customized application modules to ensure application meets specifications. Documents functions and changes to new or modified modules, tests activities/results, error handling and backup/recovery procedures. Provides ongoing maintenance and operational support for applications. Supports software development lifecycle and applies and follows appropriate programming/development methodologies and best practices. Maintains appropriate professional designations and up-to-date knowledge of current information technology techniques and tools. Performs other related duties as required. 
ScrapedJobID550:
Certification in OpenText solution development and configuration. Experience with OpenText Content Server Extended Platform Development, Configuration, Quality Assurance and integration with line of business applications. (2+ years) Experience with installation OpenText Content Server Extended software, Includes; maintenance of product patches, day to day to health of the application ensuring maximum up-time in support of project team deliverables, deployment of changes based on planned project release plan. (2+ years) Hands-on Experience with OpentText tools and technologies in Support of solution development: OpenText Content Server v16; OpenText Content Server Modules; Extended ECM Platform v16; WebReports Workflow Extensions v16; Java JRE 8u212; Microsoft SQL Server Enterprise 2016; Integration using C# with Visual Studio 2017 (2+ years) Experience working with OpenText Workflows, Workspaces, Connected Workspaces, Web Reports, Web Forms, Templates in Livelink/Content Server. (2+ years) Experience providing optimum OpenText solution design options for development and configuration. (2+ years) Though this role can be done remotely, resource must be available for MST hours: 8:15AM-4:30PM MST Monday-Friday regardless of their current time zone. Experience with the deployment of the Open Text ECM platform includes: support for application testing, performance and operability testing, dry-runs and issue remediation. (2+ years) Experience writing and maintaining technical documentation. (2+ years) Experience with the evaluation of OpenText operational requirements, on-going maintenance and operating instructions. (2+ years) Experience with OpenText capture solutions i.e. enterprise scan, OpenText enterprise library services and content web services, OpenText directory services, OpenText integration with Siebel and enterprise wide taxonomy. (2+ years) Experience mapping, transformation and loading of documents from the line of business application to the OpenText Content Server Extended Platform (1+ year) Conceptual knowledge of trans-coding (ETL), editing, and managed file transfers. Clear understanding of database technologies and schemas. (1+ year) Knowledge of secure coding practices. (2+ years) Knowledge of information standards and applicability to business situations and problems (2+ years) Applied knowledge and experience in information modeling (e.g. visualization, semantic, functional, asset management, workflow, control objectives). (2+ years) 
ScrapedJobID551:
A self-starter, passionate about making things better and utilizing technology to enable efficiency. The person would need to be very strong technically and knows what good looks like. Strong leadership qualities and people skills and experience in leading from the front, a team of experienced Test Engineers and SDETs Should be able to guide the team of experienced QA Automation and SDETs hands-on with technical expertise Hold his/her ground with the reporting manager who himself has strong technical expertise and expects similar expertise and prowess from this role Must be able to define and justify QA automation roadmap items. Own teams overall progress and work with engineering leads to unblock teams as needed Should be able to manage stakeholders and expectations. Will be taking over from the current QA Architect deployed on the projects. Strong problem-solving skills Conducting regression testing when needed Monitoring assurance metrics and process results Test Script Designing, Updating and Execution Previous work experience as a QA Engineer, QA Tester, or relevant position in the IT department Tech-stack includes: Cypress with JavaScript & TypeScript (front-end), Super Test (API), React Native, NodeJS, RabbitMQ Complete understanding of automation systems and databases Basic knowledge of scripting and other related procedures Understanding of testing protocols Know-how of different types of testing methods like white box and black box testing Familiarity with the software development process Good analytical and troubleshooting skills Attention to detail Ability to work collaboratively Ability to manage project deadlines Good time management and organizational skill Bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science, Information Technology or related. Strong communication skills (verbal and written), is assertive . Oriented for customer satisfaction and engineering excellence. Bonus pay Monday to Friday Quality Assurance: 8 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID552:
Prepare and deliver Scrum meetings (planning, review, retro, etc.) Ensure the quality of deliverables Motivate team members and eliminate obstacles Consistently seek to improve the development teams, and apply management best-practices Follow up on several projects at a time (sprint reports, budget, calendar, billing, etc.) Lead project launch workshops Follow-up on billing issues with the finance and accounting team Bachelor's degree in Engineering or Computer Science, or relavant domain More than 3 years of experience as Scrum Master or Technical Project Management/IT experience Strong experience with Scrum/Agile methodologies Bilingualism in both French and English To acquire experience in different critical industries and projects while working for the same company; To have a competitive salary and a great benefits package (dental, life and medical insurance, RRSP matching, sick days, vacation); To access trainings that focus on expanding your knowledge while staying up to date with cutting edge technologies and best practices; To have a clear career development plan that suits your goals; To have the possibility of working abroad through our mobility program thanks to our international presence; To join a dynamic, specialized and fast-growing group where communication is key and where every team member is valued; To be part of a team where having fun is essential (team building events, 5 à 7, Marathon and more!). 
ScrapedJobID553:
Work with product management team and internal customers to understand the business requirements and transform them into scalable solutions on the Force.com platform. Determine scope and corresponding effort estimates for development projects. Perform standard Salesforce administrator tasks such as setting up users, profiles, roles, sharing rules, approval processes etc. Develop/Enhance/Maintain the integrations of Salesforce with any external systems. For any give business requirement, analyze the requirements to make the appropriate choice between point and click tools vs custom apex code. Develop high quality, reusable and maintainable code respecting the governor limits and API limits. Create and execute Unit and Integration tests ensuring proper test code coverage of above 75%. Assist with quality assurance testing, both internal testing and guiding user acceptance testing. Release management, including preparation and deployment of Salesforce Packages as well as maintaining version control. Follow established Salesforce development standards and best practices. Work with end users to troubleshoot the issues they are facing and resolving the issues in a timely manner. Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent. 3-5 years Salesforce development and administration experience Proven ability to analyze, design, and optimize business processes on Salesforce platform. Solid technical and functional knowledge of Salesforce Platform. Hands-on, in-depth experience with Salesforce.com design, configuration, and custom development using Apex Classes, Triggers, Visualforce pages, data migration tools, SOQL & SOSL. Experience with Sales and Service clouds is a must. Strong development background including reusability, unit testing, code review, source control, change sets and migration tools. Demonstrated experience and knowledge of relational databases, data modeling, and ETL tools. Experience with Agile development methodologies. Experience with web services (REST & SOAP, JSON & XML, etc.). Salesforce Developer certification(s) is preferred. Previous experience working with lightning is a plus. Previous experience working with Salesforce CPQ (Configure, Price, Quote) tool is a plus. Previous experience of using code versioning tools, such as Git/BitBucket is preferred. Ability to effectively communicate with both technical and non-technical team members. Desire to keep current on new technologies, functionality and desire to work in small fast paced collaborative environment. Excellent organizational, verbal and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID554:
Work in compliance with the Occupational Health and Safety Act and Regulations and the Company Health & Safety Roles and Responsibilities Effectively supervise General Labourers and Skilled Workers within a unionized environment Ensure all product orders are filled completely and are manufactured in accordance with the organizational standards for safety and high quality Train and coach employees to produce high quality products as set by the company’s standards Understand the production schedule to plan and assign personnel based on the daily production requirements and revise the plan as required Inform the Plant Manager of any foreseeable issues that may arise in production safety, quality, schedule or cost Report results of the shift production to the Plant Manager and track the daily labour against target Maintain time and labour allocation sheets and accurately input time and attendance data into Microsoft Excel and Kronos Ensure teams are operating at the best possible level and production goals are being achieved Look for, recommend, and implement process improvements through engagement of employees Analyze and help resolve issues brought forward by workers in accordance with Company policies and procedures and the collective bargaining agreement; discipline employees when required Liaise with other departments to ensure that plant expectations as well as internal and external customer expectations are met Minimum 3 years of manufacturing experience in the capacity of a supervisory role Minimum 3 years of experience working in a unionized environment 2 years of experience working with precast concrete Engineering technology experience is an asset Ability to read and interpret blueprints and review engineering plans Must be proficient with MS software programs such as Excel, Word, Outlook etc. Experience with Kronos is an asset Ability to assume responsibility, interface and communicate effectively with others and demonstrate strong interpersonal skills Exceptional time management and organizational skills Desire to work well in a fast-paced, deadline-driven, customer-focused environment This role follows a nonrotation shift schedule, however a flexible schedule is required as per the business operational needs 
ScrapedJobID555:
Understanding Requirements – Track and analyze operating environment for specified services and implement corrective actions as needed. Work with clients and internal partners to determine, negotiate and manage services to the agreed standards. Monitor service levels to identify opportunities for improvement and recommend appropriate solutions. People Leadership – Lead and coach a high performing group team of individuals. Direct, motivate, and develop your team, maximizing their contributions and professional growth. Share knowledge and collaborate to come up with effective solutions to problems. Relationship Management – Work closely with clients and business partners to develop, test, and implement application program. Impact and improve the business by advising application owners on the technology possibilities and requirements. You are a bold and authentic leader. You're passionate about developing and coaching to bring out the best in people. You have led diverse, high performing teams. You embrace and champion change. You'll continuously evolve your thinking and the way you work in order to deliver your best. You're driven by collective success. You know that collaboration can transform a good idea into a great one. You understand the power of an inclusive team that enjoys working together to create a shared vision. You have a degree/diploma in Computer Science, Business, and/or a related field. You can demonstrate experience in Quality Assurance (Functional, Automation or Performance Testing), and test tools such as HP ALM or HP Quality Center, QuickTest Pro (QTP) or UFT, SOA, Parasoft, Mercury LoadRunner. You have experience writing test scripts, developing test plans, and end to end testing documentation. You have experience leading a technology team, executing on projects, delivering results, and managing relationships with executives enterprise-wide for 1-3 years. You also have experience with Oracle, DB2, SQL, ETL and Mainframe testing. You have strong knowledge of approaches, tools and techniques for working with individuals and groups in a constructive and collaborative manner. Must have knowledge of tools and techniques for effective use of a broad range of factors, assumptions, frameworks and perspectives when solving problems. Values matter to you. You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. Thrive: Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home Connect : Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity Develop: Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, and individual development planning Prosper: Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID556:
Responsible for overall test strategy for automation on platform which includes insight on automated testing tools, architecture/frameworks, techniques, coding languages, and methodologies Work with knowledge of Selenium WebDriver, SoapUI Pro, Visual Studio and J-Runner to create automation scripts Design, develop, debug, execute and maintain complex automation testing scripts using various testing tools Work and guide with multiple scripting & development languages and SQL’s/Db’s Lead onshore and offshore test teams in the delivery of the Test planning, Test preparation and Test execution activities in adherence to the FCT standards Coordinate necessary and assigned testing resources to ensure project timelines and deliverables are met Responsible for identification and implementation of QA process improvements Articulate the progress of automation clearly and chair the automation status calls to communicate status of initiatives in platform Identify testing risks across projects/releases, escalate to management and provide testing solutions/processes to mitigate the risks Collaborate and communicate with internal and external teams of FCT, on initiatives, resolution of issues and risk mitigation strategies Coach new colleagues and participate in knowledge transfer Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Computer Science, or similar discipline 10 years of QA experience, with at least 5 years of experience with leading teams 5+ years of automation testing experience as an automation engineer and architect in Selenium: C# is preferred Previous experience testing API services using SoapUI/ RestUI is a plus Knowledge of DevOps or Agile Continuous Integration is an asset Working knowledge of any Source Code control software (TFS) Ability to manage multiple priorities, while providing excellent customer service Proven problem solving skills with the ability to troubleshoot technical problems Excellent verbal and written communication skills Self-motivated, innovative and analytical with attention to details Technical leadership / coach / mentor / provide guidance Comprehensive benefits that include virtual healthcare and an Employee & Family Assistance Program Group retirement savings plan with company match Paid holidays and generous paid time off Paid volunteer opportunities and charitable donation matching Employee recognition programs that include referral incentives Potential for performance-based incentives The opportunity to participate in our stock purchase plan And more! As per terms of the employment agreement 
ScrapedJobID557:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Public transportation is available 
ScrapedJobID558:

ScrapedJobID559:
Microsoft Dynamics Certification Microsoft certified IT professional (MCITP) Microsoft certified professional (MCP) Consulting firm Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Basic security clearance Internet access Willing to travel Travel expenses paid by employer Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Sitting Willing to relocate Relocation costs covered by employer Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Life Insurance Benefits Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID560:
Serve as the ultimate subject matter expert on shipping-related information. You are the voice and ear for clients across your region. Report trends and feedback to leadership. You are accountable for your region’s expansion, growth and stabilization. Review, investigate and resolve client escalations by working across teams to find a suitable solution within service levels. Ensure optimal team health and performance in your region. Collaborate with your branch leads on hiring, training, and onboarding processes. Review and monitor the performance of branch leads in your region. Provide coaching, feedback and recognition in real-time, through weekly 1:1’s, quality assurance reviews and quarterly performance reviews. Partner with the operations excellence department to identify and communicate best practices. Contribute to the ever-changing knowledge base and provide ongoing training and workshops to your team. Ensure all branches comply with health and safety standards, labour laws and all company policies. Expenses/budget: Accountable for your region’s expenses and expansion budget. Scouting and finalising new locations and equipment for the branches, helping optimise the branch network in your region. Cascading up/down communication: Complete daily check-in updates. Maintain open communication lines between leadership and your team to ensure alignment and timely delivery of goals, projects and reports. Gather trends from all branches, outline potential issues impacting our clients. Make recommendations to improve Chit Chats processes and operations, improve service and balance client satisfaction. Experienced in coaching and developing people and teams with ability to build effective cross-functional partnerships using strong collaboration and interpersonal skills The ability to understand the complexities of the problem/situation and identify the significance of key/critical data elements. The ability to evaluate options accurately, establish priorities, and explain the reasons for each decision made. The ability to anticipate logical consequences of implications of executive directives, company policies and regulations Problem solving in contexts of risk, ambiguity and uncertainty. Strength in inductive and inferential reasoning lead problem solvers to determine the solution that has the strongest likelihood of success, given information at hand. The ability to reason well in contexts involving numerical data in order to reach an optimal problem solution. Excel in a fast paced environment and demonstrate effective time management Proficient in standard business office software and able to compile and review reports to see trends and make recommendations. Some travel within Canada is required, regular daily travel within the assigned region is required Minimum 7 years industry experience. To learn more about us, visit our website: chitchats.com. 
ScrapedJobID561:
Experience working in leading Quality Assurance and Quality Control activities on medium to large scale initiatives with multiple system integrations Experience using development and testing tools/technology such as: Defect Management Tools, Test Automation Tools. Over four (4) years of related experience Project management experience Experience with project management principles and lifecycles Experience with Software Development Lifecycles and Software Testing Life Cycles Experience working with Information technology solution vendors Software Testing professional certificate from recognized organizations such as ISTQB or QAI 1 year of education for 1 year of experience; or 1 year of experience for 1 year of education. 36.25 hours per week (full time) Top candidates will be required to undergo security screening. As per the pandemic restrictions and government recommendations, the department is currently supporting working from home. Reporting to the office for onboarding purposes may be required on a short-term basis. Outside the COVID-19 pandemic restrictions, this role is expected to work onsite from the downtown office location in Edmonton. Comprehensive benefits plan:
Opted Out and Excluded – 1stChoice: Opted Out and Excluded – 1stChoice: Pension plan: Leadership and mentorship programs Professional learning and development Positive workplace culture and work-life balance  Proof of COVID 19 vaccination; If you are a successful candidate and have not provided proof of COVID 19 vaccination, you may select to produce a negative PCR (molecular polymerase chain reaction) or rapid test result, date-stamped within 72 hours of every scheduled work day/shift, on an ongoing basis starting on December 14, 2021. These tests will be paid for by the employee; Candidates and employees who are unable to get vaccinated based on a protected ground under the Alberta Human Rights Act may request approval for an exemption and accommodation. 
ScrapedJobID562:
Complete verification audits on airworthiness documentation Reviews work packages for completeness and compliance Participates in airworthiness compliance reviews Reports identified non-conformances for resolution Supports divisional teams in the application of the defined quality program Ensures all relevant documentation is current and compliant based on ongoing project and production requirements Reviews procedures and metrics that impact quality and makes recommendations for improvement Other duties as assigned Holder of a valid Transport Canada AME license is required. Equivalent level of related maintenance or flight operational experience will be considered. Knowledge of AS9110 C is considered an asset Knowledgeable regarding the Canadian Aviation regulations and Maintenance Control Manual are required Must possess proven problem solving skills Technical knowledge of aircraft types operated and maintained by the company Able to communicate effectively Quality assurance background including audit experience considered an asset. 
ScrapedJobID563:
Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Criminal record check Willing to relocate MS Windows Java Servers Software development SQL MS Office C# Initiative Accurate Team player Organized 
ScrapedJobID564:
Work closely with designers and other engineers to implement new features and pages. Build efficient and reusable front-end abstractions and systems. Identify and address performance bottlenecks. Participate in UI/UX design decisions. Exceptional proficiency with HTML/CSS/Javascript in a production environment. A passion for building products with an exceptional user experience. A disciplined approach to testing and quality assurance. A love of what you do and a positive, can-do attitude. An understanding that you're not just an engineer, you're a driving force for the success of the company. Startup experience is a huge plus Experience with large scale web services jQuery and Backbone.js experience a plus 
ScrapedJobID565:
Program complex parts using CMM with MCOSMOS software Establish CMM program controls, setup sheets, tooling control, file security Provide assistance to inspectors using the programmable CMM as necessary Inspection products using CMM and or manual inspection in accordance with our quality system procedures Support final inspection with AS9011 reports and/or CMM inspections Provide customer support when/if necessary Perform inspection of precision parts and assemblies to customer drawings and specifications (using tools such as calipers, height gauges, plug gauges, CMM’s, micrometers) Generate First Article Inspection Reports per AS9102 Document/discuss unacceptable or inferior quality materials with internal and external parties and take corrective action Internal auditing of control plans and process conformance Participate in Kaizen events & 6S initiatives All other duties as assigned Technical training and proficient in PC-DMIS and MCOSMOS CMM software Proficient at establishing clear, complete and precise records of inspection Ability to read blueprint drawings and specifications Adequate working knowledge of Microsoft Word and Excel Well versed in Geometric Tolerances (GD&T) Post-secondary education in a related field. Certificate in Quality Assurance/Quality Technician preferred 2+ years comprehensive CMM experience, within the aerospace industry considered an asset ISO 9001 or AS9100D experience 
ScrapedJobID566:
Procéder à la réalisation technique (travaux de programmation) découlant des demandes de changement et des travaux d’évolution selon les spécifications des devis d’analyse fonctionnelle et de l’architecture organique, en ajoutant ou en modifiant le code source dans les environnements informatiques du client; Réaliser les travaux de programmation requis pour la correction des anomalies introduites par les nouvelles évolutions ou rapportées par les utilisateurs du système ou par les autres ressources des équipes de gestion des actifs; Assurer la qualité du code-source et sa maintenance; Réaliser les essais unitaires dans les environnements informatiques des applications concernées; Réaliser les modifications et corrections, à la suite des tests, dans les différents environnements informatiques des applications concernées; Rédiger les spécifications techniques et la documentation afférente aux unités de tâches; Participer aux revues de code; Soutenir l’équipe de pilotage et de déploiement des actifs concernés pour le support de troisième niveau; Analyser les requêtes transmises par les équipes de pilotage et de déploiement; Apporter les ajustements nécessaires à l’application pour en améliorer l’efficience et l’efficacité; Réaliser les ajustements nécessités par des changements à l’infrastructure technologique courante ou par la mise en place de nouvelles versions ou nouveaux correctifs; Maintenir le code source de RSIPA selon les bonnes pratiques, et ce, dans l’environnement technologique qui lui est assigné; À l’aide des outils d’aide au développement utilisés par le client, assurer la conservation, l’organisation et la numérotation de toutes les modifications et tous les ajouts au code source dans un système de versionnage selon les bonnes pratiques de même que l’introduction de nouvelles pratiques facilitant le développement et minimisant l’introduction d’erreurs; Réaliser les travaux requis pour optimiser la performance de l’application; Participer aux activités en lien avec la démarche Agile notamment les mêlées quotidiennes, les rencontres de planification des itérations et les rétrospectives. Carry out technical delivery (programming) to reflect change requests and evolution, according to functional analysis and software specifications, by adding or modifying the source code in the client’s computing environment. Perform the required programming to correct anomalies introduced by new developments or reported by system users or other asset management team resources Ensure the quality of the source code and its maintenance Perform unit testing in computer environments Following testing, perform changes and corrections in different computing environments Write technical specifications and documentation for task units Participate in code reviews Assist the testing and asset deployment teams for third-level support Analyze queries from the testing and deployment teams Assist application users when queries are escalated by Customer Service. This includes participating in the replication, investigation, and resolution of incidents and problems that may occur in production, as well as responding to requests for information from institutions, following up on queries, and documenting them in the IT service management tool Adjust applications to improve their efficiency and effectiveness. Make adjustments resulting from changes to the current technology infrastructure or the implementation of new releases or patches Maintain RSIPA source code in its assigned technology environment, in accordance with best practices. Using the development tools employed by the client, and following best practices, ensure the preservation, organization, and numbering of all modifications and additions to the source code in a versioning system, as well as the introduction of new practices that facilitate development and minimize the introduction of errors. Optimize application performance Participate in related activities Détenir un Baccalauréat ou un DEC en informatique ou dans un domaine connexe. Un résultat d'évaluation comparative des études effectuées hors du Québec ou une preuve de demande en cours sera demandée pour une scolarité effectuée à l'étranger. Posséder au moins quatre (4) années d'expérience professionnelle dans le domaine des technologies de l’information; Posséder au moins trois (3) années d’expérience en programmation au sein de projets de développement dans un contexte comparable à celui du client en termes d’envergure et de complexité; Posséder au moins trois (3) années d’expérience en développement Web dans un environnement Java avec Java, JavaScript, HTML, CSS; Posséder de l’expérience en développement avec les langages SQL et PL/SQL; Posséder de l’expérience en développement avec: un logiciel-cadre : Spring ou Hibernate/JPA, Struts2, Bootstrap, JasperReports, JQUERY, SCSS, ou VueJS (ou tout Framework Javascript de Single Page application) et le SGBD Oracle; Posséder de l’expérience avec: un outil de gestion du code source ou un outil de gestion et d’automatisation des versions logicielles ou un outil de gestion des librairies ou un outil d’intégration continue et un serveur d’application. A minimum of four (4) years of experience in information technology A minimum of three (3) years of programming experience in development projects in a context comparable to that of the client in terms of size and complexity A minimum of three (3) years of experience in Web development in a Java environment with Java, JavaScript, HTML, and CSS Development experience using SQL and PL/SQL Development experience using framework software: Spring or Hibernate/JPA, Struts2, Bootstrap, JasperReports, JQUERY, SCSS, or VueJS (or any JavaScript single page application framework) and Oracle DBMS Experience using a source code management tool, a software version management and automation tool, a library management tool, or a continuous integration tool and an application server Vacances et congés : o 8 % de vacances annuellement (4 semaines) o 8 fériés obligatoires par la Loi o 5 jours de congés supplémentaires aux fériés o 21 h de congés supplémentaires (congés personnels) Assurance collective 1er jour : Assurance-médicaments Assurance dentaire Assurance-santé complémentaire Assurance-invalidité longue durée Assurance-vie, vie-personnes à charge et accidents Assurance-voyage RVER (Régime volontaire d’épargne retraite) Portable informatique et logiciels fournis Télétravail et horaire flexible offerts; Formation continue payée par l'employeur; Activités corporatives. 8% vacation annually (4 weeks) 8 statutory holidays 5 additional days off for statutory holidays 21 hours of additional leave (personal leave) Group Insurance 1st day : Drug insurance Dental insurance Extended health care insurance Long-term disability insurance Life, Dependent Life and Accident Insurance Travel insurance RVER (Voluntary Retirement Savings Plan) Laptop and software provided Telecommuting and flexible hours available; Continuous training paid by the employer; Corporate activities. 
ScrapedJobID567:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems 
ScrapedJobID568:
Eager to be better Love the problem Embrace diversity Question Everything Do it for the people Mandatory 4 week vacation policy - yes, you will be required to relax and enjoy life A place in which you feel appreciated and recognized for what you do Health and dental benefits However- and wherever-you-want work hours. As long as you get the job done, do it when you want! Company-wide end-of-year break Stock option plan Routine happy hours and social events to let loose and hang out with the team Company swag In-building gym and showers Casual dress code Awesome pat/mat leave Fun office challenges (Trivia, Hockey Pools, Movie Quizzes) The opportunity to work on something that improves people's lives. Build out the quality processes for the software department to ensure our releases meet our quality standards as well as helping to define those standards. Work closely with our product, mobile app, back end and firmware teams to:
Define user scenarios and acceptance criteria on user stories
Estimate user stories
Plan out Epic development tasks and stories
Identify and key areas to automate and help team to implement
Lead the release management process Define user scenarios and acceptance criteria on user stories Estimate user stories Plan out Epic development tasks and stories Identify and key areas to automate and help team to implement Lead the release management process Provide mentorship and training on Quality Assurance to the entire company This is a hands-on role that requires technical knowledge, problem solving skills and people skills Help identify QA needs as we scale as a company 3 - 5 years experience working in software QA or a related role Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including ability to effectively communicate with internal and external customers Experience working in start-up environments Prior experience in digital health would be an asset Strong knowledge of agile software development Strong knowledge of software release management Display a customer focus and strong user empathy A highly coachable attitude and mindset An understanding of ISO 13485 and 14971 and the implications for QA 
ScrapedJobID569:
Compile and analyze quality performance data Develop graphs, charts and quality reports Coordinate with Production, Program Management and Engineering to conduct product failure analysis Liaise with customers and Customer Service on quality matters and act as the customer’s representative in the certification of systems Perform internal spot audits related to the (BPMS) Business Process Management System Responsible to support incoming, in-process and final inspection tests Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Knowledge of AS9100 / ISO-9001 processes Basic understanding of statistical analysis and reporting Experience in process quality control and product testing Good working knowledge of Microsoft Office (Visio, Word, Excel, Graphing) Product-related software functionality Basic knowledge and understanding of the Opto-Electro-Mechanical assembly processes Experience with Lean Six Sigma process improvement concepts (i.e. root cause analysis, DMAIC) Process orientated mindset Minimum 5-7 years’ experience in a technical capacity Diploma in related or equivalent discipline with Quality Assurance training Experience working to government contract standards CQE or CQT is preferred Process auditing / Structure like ME or time study 
ScrapedJobID570:

ScrapedJobID571:
Identifying and mitigating key risks to new development plans Acting as technical designer for new features Working with Gemstone leadership to architect future enhancements to Gemstone’s software products Implementing and enforcing processes consistent with software development best practices Taking accountability for producing high-quality software solutions that meet specific requirements, Co-ordinating with our outsourcing team and working closely with other developers, UX designers, business and systems analysts Identifying areas for modification in existing programs and subsequently developing these modifications Writing and implementing efficient code Developing and enforcing quality assurance procedures Maintaining and upgrading existing systems Degree or diploma in Computer Science 4+ years of software development experience 4+ years of experience developing web applications Experience with C#, SQL, HTML, CSS, Angular, and Typescript is required 1+ years of experience designing software solutions based on client requirements The ability to learn new technologies quickly An analytical mind The ability to communicate complex procedures to other colleagues Commercial and business awareness Good communication skills – both written and verbal Attention to detail and desire to probe further into data Overtime pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Tuition reimbursement Vision care 8 hour shift Overtime C#: 1 year (preferred) Software development: 4 years (preferred) Angular: 1 year (preferred) SQL: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID572:
8 hour shift quality assurance: 3 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID573:
Working in a team setting to establish project scope, budget and schedule, and other project or client expectations Leading survey crews on projects; communicating scope and scheduling information to crew members Managing project budgets and financial reporting Managing various survey project types including legal, land development (subdivisions) and infrastructure, topographic, engineering and construction layout Liaising with both internal (McElhanney) and external Project Managers and clients Preparing accurate field notes and drawings, managing information flow from field to final deliverables Providing mentorship, guidance, and training to assist with subordinate’s professional development Ensuring quality assurance procedures are carried out for proposals, field returns, drawings, legal plans, documents, and other deliverables Providing advice to clients on property and legal survey matters Other duties as required. BCLS accreditation with a minimum of 5 years practicing; CLS commission is an asset. Commissioned Land Surveyors from other jurisdictions with intent to attain ABCLS commission will be considered Diploma or degree in Geomatics with strong data processing/computations skills Excellent communication, teamwork, and leadership skills Proficiency in computer applications (MSCAD or Civil3D and GNSS processing software at minimum) Valid driver’s license Periods of travel may be required for the role Flexible work hours to accommodate your busy lifestyle Maternity leave top-up and parental leave Great benefits, including extended health and dental coverage, healthcare spending account, and RRSP matching Employee and Family assistance program, which offers 24/7 support for all employees and their families either online or over the phone A family-like culture that is characterized by respect and inclusion for all Continuous support for your professional development and growth Ability to become a shareholder in an employee owned company 
ScrapedJobID574:
Lead and manage project activities and client relations related to complex quality assurance and testing projects Communicate progress of testing activities to the Test Manager and stakeholders Facilitate and run defect triage meetings for multiple initiatives Train, mentor and coach junior test team members and provide performance feedback Collaborate with client team to collect, create, present, maintain, and store knowledge transfer assets Maintain solid understanding of software testing best practices, methodologies and terminology Act as a mentor for test team members and provide performance feedback Act as a test subject matter expert for solution and functional areas within assigned projects Develop or assist in developing strategic/tactical testing deliverables such as Test Strategies & Plans Perform requirements analysis and quality risk analysis Accountable for monitoring and reporting test progress & status to project management and stakeholders Oversee the development of test conditions/scenarios and traceability matrix(ces) for multiple teams Oversee the identification and preparation of test data Manage tasks and assignments of team members Monitor and manage completion of assigned testing scope and deliverables Ensure quality processes are followed Produce internal and client facing status reports, as required Participate in and facilitate test retrospective reviews Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science and/or Business or 2-year diploma in IT and/or Business with Equivalent IT Experience Industry recognized Testing Certification to be acquired after 1 year of employment Must hold a valid Canadian passport and be eligible to apply for a US work visa Minimum 5+ yrs. working in Software Testing, Quality Assurance 5+ yrs. working with a Test Case & Defect Management system 5+ yrs. working on teams in Business/IT Sector, 3+ yrs. team lead experience preferred Lottery and gaming experience considered an asset Demonstrable experience with project and client management for complex quality assurance and testing projects Strong interpersonal skills Strong verbal and written English communication skills Strong negotiation skills Critical eye for detail Able to positively motivate team members and instill accountability for on-time, on-budget project delivery Critical thinker Self motivated and ability to work effectively with minimal supervision Ability to build strong relationships with clients and team members Demonstrate the ability to provide information and ideas in a clear, comprehensive, concise and organized manner Maintains excellent time management, task planning and prioritization skills Must have the ability to travel up to 50% 
ScrapedJobID575:
We value our people and our reputation We are locally dedicated with international scale We are future focused and challenge the status quo We foster collaboration in everything we do We have an empowering culture and hold ourselves accountable Ability to work in a dynamic environment and adapt to frequent project changes. Ability to follow complex instructions and diagrams to create or modify drawings using company and government drafting standards. Perform drawing and technology research. Coordinate with Project Managers, Engineers, Designers and other personnel to incorporate concepts and information into drawing packages. Ability to work effectively as part of a team or independently with minimal oversight. Coordinate design drawings with other disciplines Contribute to maintaining WSP quality assurance approaches and methodologies. Other duties as assigned Experience with AutoCAD, Revit, or BIM related software Experience with MicroStation is desirable. Post-secondary education with drafting and/or construction-related experience with emphasis on electronic or electrical disciplines Knowledge of security, IT, and or AV systems would be considered an asset. A flexible approach to the working environment Ability to obtain a Public Works and Government Services Canada security clearance and work in a secure environment Ability to work under deadlines and manage multiple priorities. Very strong verbal and written communication skills. Proficient in the use of the MS Office Suite. Must be willing to travel periodically and as required for project assignments. Must hold valid driver’s license. 
ScrapedJobID576:
Research and development institution Help desk Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Python Shell script Basic security clearance Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Unix Linux Java C++ JavaOS SQL Initiative Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Organized Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Dental Benefits 
ScrapedJobID577:
Work closely with designers and other engineers to implement new features and pages. Build efficient and reusable front-end abstractions and systems. Identify and address performance bottlenecks. Participate in UI/UX design decisions. Exceptional proficiency with HTML/CSS/Javascript in a production environment. A passion for building products with an exceptional user experience. A disciplined approach to testing and quality assurance. A love of what you do and a positive, can-do attitude. An understanding that you're not just an engineer, you're a driving force for the success of the company. Startup experience is a huge plus Experience with large scale web services jQuery and Backbone.js experience a plus 
ScrapedJobID578:
Develop members of the quality team and ensure they have the appropriate knowledge, education and experience to successfully implement the quality assurance strategy including: performance monitoring, calibration, and trend analysis Provide oversight to QA Managers' including performance monitoring and tracking methods. Own all quality assurance operations including planning, implementing, monitoring, and reporting functions Work with business leaders to develop and implement quality auditing standards, processes, and practices for messaging and phone customer service interactions Manage internal and external expectations related to quality management and effectively communicate quality standards across the project Aggregate and analyze quality data and identify opportunities for improvement in service quality, and the design and implementation of key business and quality processes Interact with operations and training to discuss quality issues, complete analysis and report all risks regarding quality monitoring and performance findings Responsible for developing, implementing, and writing procedures, work instructions and flow-charts for QA activities and monitoring compliance with contractual agreements Build, establish, and maintain internal and external strategic relationships Strategically partner to identify and implement changes that will drive positive attitudes and performance among key indicators Bachelor’s Degree 3+ years of experience managing quality assurance teams in a sales and service contact center environment 3+ years of experience providing contact center multi-channel (call, chat, messaging, social) quality assurance services 1+ years of experience as a contact center agent providing multi-channel (e.g. call handling, chat, and messaging services) customer services Demonstrated knowledge of quality assurance and continuous improvement concepts, procedures, processes, best practices, and industry trends Effective oral and written communication skills Experience performing QA remotely as well as onsite Capable of leading meetings and making presentations Proficient in Google, Forms, Sheets, and Slides Experience with call and contact monitoring software Experience using Verint (QM and XM packages) is preferred Experience with call center phone systems (AmazonConnect) ACD is preferred Demonstrated time management skills and strong interpersonal skills Strong analytical skills with training and/or certification in Six Sigma methodology and analytics preferred Illustrated history of living the values necessary to Priceline: Customer, Innovation, Team, Accountability and Trust. The Right Results, the Right Way is not just a motto at Priceline; it’s a way of life. Unquestionable integrity and ethics is essential. 
ScrapedJobID579:
Prepare corporate and personal tax returns Assist audit teams as needed Compile and organize client information and records Assist client’s financial needs as they arise Use tax software (Taxprep) to prepare tax returns Use CaseWare Working Papers to compile and organize client information Compile and share findings with managers and partners Communicate with the Canada Revenue Agency Draft and proofread financial statements, tax plans and reporting letters with little or no revision needed You have 1 year of either audit experience or tax experience You have an undergraduate degree and are working towards your CPA designation You are able to work with time management, tax, bookkeeping and client software Deadline-driven, your work is always completed on time You are prepared to work long hours when required Patient and calm, you are able to communicate with colleagues and clients, ensuring their needs are met You are an exceptional team player and have experience working in a team setting 
ScrapedJobID580:
Scheduling includes 30 minutes unpaid break time, per day. Receive and review purchase orders, cheque requests, and/or other related documentation for completeness and compliance with financial policies, procedures and contractual requirements. Match original invoices and requests for payment with internal purchase requisitions and cheque requests; monitor due dates and notify controller of those due and/or past due. Code, verify and electronically enter accounts payable data into ledgers; reconcile inter-company accounts as required. Draw, verify and post payment cheques to appropriate vendors and/or agencies. Follow up on account statements and other discrepancies regarding payment of accounts, and serve as liaison between programs and vendors in the resolution of administrative problems and inquiries. Maintain, log, enter and balance account data and generates A/P listing reports as required. Compile purchasing requisitions; prepare purchasing and accounting paperwork; reconcile invoices with purchase requisitions in preparation for payment processing. Receive specified incoming materials, supplies and equipment and compares information on packing slip with purchase requisition to verify accuracy of shipments. Ensure adherence to related policies and procedures, objectives, quality assurance programs, and safety standards. Develop or assist with the development and implementation of policies and procedures consistent with those of the agency to ensure efficient and safe operation of the department. Contribute to establishing and maintaining a safe and healthy physical environment and adheres to OHS requirements. Perform miscellaneous job-related duties as assigned. Minimum high school diploma or general equivalency diploma (GED) with a specialized admin support program. Minimum of 2 years experience directly related to the specified duties and responsibilities SAGE 300 or Sage Intacct experience is an asset Accounting Diploma or Certificate is preferred Skill in the use of computers and related applications, including Windows and Linux platforms and MS and/or Open Office suites; willingness to learn and adapt to new software. Familiar with computer-based group conferencing processes. Ability to re-prioritize and adjust to interruptions and changing requirements. Ability to comprehend information and communicate effectively both orally and in writing, including business communications. Knowledge of standard accounts payable policies, procedures and regulations. Knowledge of purchase requisitions and related accounts payable documentation. Ability to understand and interpret vendor invoices, statements, and other requests for payment. Ability to complete routine paperwork and maintain records. Skill in organizing resources and establishing priorities. Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing. Skill in the use of personal computers and applicable software applications, including an automated accounting system. Ability to analyze and solve problems; ability to make administrative/procedural decisions and judgements. Ability to gather data, compile information, and process computer data to formulate and generate reports. Ability to detect problems and report information to appropriate personnel. Knowledge of general accounting principles; knowledge of accounts payable and accounts receivable procedures and policies. Knowledge of agency organizational structure, work flow and operating procedures. Ability to foster a cooperative work environment, work effectively both independently and as a member of a team, and meet deadlines. 
ScrapedJobID581:

ScrapedJobID582:
or equivalent experience Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Word processing software MS Windows Internet Database software Networking security Extranet Intranet Servers File management software Security software Presentation software Mail server software Communication software Programming software Software development MS Office Initiative Accurate Team player Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID583:
Develop new features and functionality for large scale highly performant transactional sites. Participate in all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Design and Develop solutions that are modular, scalable and portable. Work to improve overall system architecture and design components accordingly Participate in code reviews. Answer business stakeholders' queries about the platform. Investigate and develop performance improvements to the platform. Develop new solutions to resolve ongoing issues with the platform. Work with different partners to solve integration issues. Produce robust, clear, polished code using practices like Test-Driven Development (TDD). Extract and capture customer requirements using processes like Behavior Driven Development (BDD). Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field. Minimum of 3 years experience in a similar position. Working knowledge and experience of one or more of the major programming languages (such as Python, Java, C/C++, PHP) and interest in learning other coding languages. Knowledge of database design (any vendor). Ability developing on Unix/Linux environment. Knowledge on Web technologies and internet protocols (Apache, SOAP, WS-*, ReST, XML, HTTP, TCP/IP, web sockets). Ability to learn and be productive with new technologies quickly. Pro-active, team player. Excellent communication skills, both written and spoken. Scripting skills: Bash and Perl Knowledge on CI/CD process and associated tools Test automation experience (unit test or other) Web development skills: HTML5, JavaScript, CSS Competitive benefits, an open and supportive environment as well as a modern and exciting workplace The opportunity to interact with global teams, and where appropriate switch teams and projects as you and our business continue to develop and grow Tangible and genuine career development - at SG Digital, where you can take your career where you want it to go! Exposure to real world and business critical projects & the chance to develop some of the world’s leading e-commerce sportsbooks whilst working with various clients and seeing lots of code! Flexible benefits portal which means you can tailor a package which suits individual needs. These include private medical, enhanced life assurance, dental to name a few. 
ScrapedJobID584:
Advise, mentor, and train people on quality assurance practices and tools Oversee developers testing to ensure good coverage Create and maintain relevant documentation including Test strategies, Test plans and Test Summary Reports in alignment with Client specific methodology Assess testing risk during planning and mitigating degree of risk going into production Coordinate QA activities with Project teams to ensure Project teams follow the defined QA processes Conduct regular checkpoints with Client Quality Lead Provide status update on QA activities to the testing group and Project teams, partners at defined frequency and proactively communicate during all phases of the project. Raise testing issues if any on timely manner Size test effort, identify and document task for the project plan and test plans Play a tester role, depending on the size of the project Supervise and oversee test planning and test execution activities Build and maintain well organized test case libraries (HP Quality Centre or similar) Lead Entry and Exit Criteria reviews Coordinate SIT and UAT Test phases. Set up expectations and provides direction to the UAT testers. Own the defect management process across multiple projects. Schedule and coordinate access to the appropriate test environment Provide mentorship, using standard methodologies for testing 5 years embedded in the Testing Lifecycle 3 years' experience applying Test Management Tools – HP Quality Center/ ALM or similar Knowledge of web and client/server technologies, network and infrastructure Testing knowledge of network/ server/ database performance testing SQL knowledge for back-end validation of applications and integrations Agile Development Process Azure DevOps test module will be an asset Creating test automation with Selenium will be an asset Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Diploma in IT with equivalent IT experience Industry recognized testing certification(s) Strong communication skills Flexibility, self-motivated, and has the ability to give and receive feedback Test Management Communication (Oral/Written) HP Quality Center SQL Azure DevOps Selenium 
ScrapedJobID585:
Assists in study design, including developing the protocol, analysis plan, study training, and quality assurance plan. Conducts literature reviews and communicates findings to leadership. Develops and implements recruitment strategies following Institutional Research Board (IRB) requirements and approvals. Designs, conducts or participates in the informed consent process, including interactions with the IRB and discussions with research participants, including answering any questions related to the study. Performs data collection, especially with qualitative interviews and focus groups. Executes qualitative or quantitative data analysis and interpretation, including coding participant transcripts. Maintains study documentation and study files, following SOPS, regulatory and sponsor requirements. Develops medical writing deliverables, reports, presentations, abstracts, and manuscripts. Leads internal project management and ensures tasks are completed according to timelines. Communicates effectively with external stakeholders from project kick-off through close-out. Develops and implements training for studies, including manuals, online courses, webinars, and one-on-one training. Supports training, onboarding, site communications, and onboarding process. Responds to inquiries from users about training and troubleshooting throughout the study. Minimum of a Bachelor’s degree in psychology, sociology, epidemiology, health promotion, health sciences or relevant field. A Master’s degree is preferred. 1-3 years of experience in conducting or supporting research. Demonstrated experience in designing and executing qualitative research; experience with NVivo or similar software. Passionate researcher committed to patient-centric approaches Independent, self-starter Multi-tasker, ability to work on several projects Excellent oral and written communication Motivated to build personal skills and knowledge and share expertise with others Efficient, organized with excellent time management 
ScrapedJobID586:
Microsoft Visio Microsoft Visual Studio Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Own transportation MS Windows Project management software MS Office Business intelligence Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) Salesforce 
ScrapedJobID587:
Work with a small team (10-15 people) in a scrum environment Build high-quality software and adapt to a rapidly growing start-up environment Design and develop new code as well and maintain existing code in full stack Work with quality assurance to test software code, troubleshoot and fix issues Assist other junior team members with your technical knowledge Maintain your time and track your work in a Microsoft TFS (Team Foundation Server 3+ years of experience as a web developer using full stack Microsoft .Net technologies Expert with C#, ASP.Net MVC and EF Expert with HTML5/CSS3/LESS/JavaScript Experience with JQuery and Bootstrap Deep understanding of object oriented programming and design patterns Deep understanding of relational databases specially Microsoft SQL Server A good understanding of javascript and React in particular is an asset Experience of developing applications using C# .Net/WPF Experience with e-Commerce web applications Familiar with mobile application development Familiar with NoSQL Databases concept 80K-110K based on experience Great benefits and stock options in our rapidly growing company Flexible working hours 
ScrapedJobID588:
Planifier, organiser et diriger des initiatives en matière de qualité à l’échelle du portefeuille. Effectuer des audits internes. Organiser et gérer des audits effectués par les clients et le registraire. Dispenser au personnel du portefeuille de la formation qui porte sur tout ce qui concerne le système qualité. Réviser des processus et en élaborer de nouveaux pour améliorer le système qualité. Gérer le processus de traitement des non-conformités. Tenir les dossiers sur la qualité qui sont requis et produire des statistiques en matière de qualité. Recueillir des données sur les IRC pour le portefeuille et les communiquer. Analyser les données sur les non-conformités et les IRC pour déceler des tendances, produire des rapports à l’intention de la direction et entreprendre des projets d’amélioration continue afin d’améliorer les processus. S’assurer que les différentes fonctions du portefeuille sont conformes aux conditions énoncées dans le contrat. Gérer la liaison entre les fonctions du portefeuille et les conseillers en matière de qualité des clients externes. Faire preuve de leadership au sein du portefeuille en intégrant la qualité aux façons de faire pour améliorer le rendement. Entreprendre des projets d’amélioration continue pour trouver des solutions et régler des problèmes au sein du portefeuille.
Que recherchons-nous ? Diplômes d’études collégiales ou universitaires de préférence. Au moins cinq (5) ans d’expérience dans une fonction qualité dotée d’un système qualité conforme à la norme ISO. Expérience démontrée de la mise à contribution de ses compétences en résolution de problèmes pour déterminer les causes fondamentales des problèmes, puis trouver et appliquer des solutions. Capacité démontrée de mettre par écrit des procédures faisant partie d’un processus. Capacité démontrée de dispenser efficacement une formation sur la qualité. Expérience de l’exécution d’audits internes (au moins 15 audits complets) acquise sur une période de trois (3) ans. Expérience de la collecte et de la communication de données IRC acquise sur une période d’au moins trois (3) ans. Maîtrise des logiciels de la suite Microsoft Office et capacité d’utiliser de nouveaux outils logiciels. Capacité de faire preuve de leadership et d’assumer ses responsabilités pour obtenir les résultats en matière de qualité escomptés au sein du portefeuille. Entregent hors du commun et capacité manifeste de traiter avec des clients internes et externes. Capacité de faire équipe avec ses collègues au sein du portefeuille pour améliorer la qualité. Débrouillardise et capacité de travailler avec un minimum de supervision. Souci du détail. Capacité de voyager pour effectuer des audits internes au sein du portefeuille. Permis de conduire valide. Capacité de préparer et de faire des présentations pour la direction du portefeuille et des clients externes. La préférence sera accordée aux candidats bilingues (français et anglais). La préférence sera accordée aux candidats qui possèdent l’un ou l’autre des titres professionnels suivants : auditeur certifié ISO 9001, auditeur qualité ASQ, ingénieur en contrôle de la qualité ASQ ou gestionnaire qualité ASQ. Volonté d’assumer un rôle aux responsabilités croissantes dans le domaine de la qualité. Plans, organizes and directs Portfolio-wide quality initiatives. Performs internal audits. Organizes and manages customer audits and registrar audits. Provides training to Portfolio staff on all Quality System areas. Develops new process instructions and revises existing ones to improve the quality system. Manages the non-conformance process. Maintains required quality records and develops quality statistics. Gathers and reports KPI data for the Portfolio. Analyzes non-conformance and KPI data for trends, develops reports for management and initiates Continuous Improvement projects to improve processes. Ensures that the various Portfolio functions conform to the terms and conditions of the contract. Manages the interface between the Portfolio functions and the external customer's Quality Advisors. Provides Portfolio leadership with respect to integrating quality into the way it does business, to improve its performance. Initiates Continuous Improvement projects to both resolve Portfolio problem areas and to develop opportunities for improvement.
What will you contribute? College or University graduate is preferred. Minimum of five (5) years experience in a quality function with an ISO-based quality system. Demonstrated experience in applying problem-solving skills to identify problem root causes, resolve process problems and develop / implement opportunities for improvement. Demonstrated ability to document process procedures. Proven skills to provide effective quality training. Minimum of three (3) years experience in conducting internal audits (completed at least 15 full system audits). Minimum of three (3) years experience in gathering and reporting KPI data. Microsoft Office proficiency and ability to use new software tools. Must be able to provide leadership and be accountable in achieving required Portfolio quality results. Excellent interpersonal skills in dealing with internal and external customers. Effective team player in working with Portfolio staff to improve quality. Self-starter requiring minimal supervision. Detail-oriented. Ability to travel, as required, to perform internal audits within the Portfolio. Must have a valid driver’s license. Ability to develop and deliver presentations to Portfolio management and to the external customer. Certified ISO 9001 Auditor / ASQ Quality Auditor / ASQ Quality Engineer / ASQ Quality Manager preferred. 
ScrapedJobID589:
Builds test automation framework, as well as plays a part in maintaining our existing suite of automated tests to be used by the entire Agile squad. Develops and maintains functional test cases, System & Integration Test cases and test artifacts like test data, test cases and automated scripts used in SDLC. Reviews functional requirements and determines the data requirements for executing the use cases end to end from creating functional manual cases to automating the cases for regression. Executes manual or automated test cases that validate the functionalities, code quality and reports test results, following all formal test architectures and project processes Has ownership and autonomy to work on tasks and be pro-active in managing them end to end. Researches emerging test tools, trends and methodologies and enhance existing systems and processes Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent plus a minimum of 2.5 years of working experience in a related field. Strong experience with OO programming and concepts. Excellent understanding and knowledge of software quality assurance practice. Hands on experience in Java, C#, JUnit/TestNG, Jenkins, Selenium, FitNesse, SoapUI, Javascript, HTML5, CSS, and one or two scripting languages such as Groovy, Python, Ruby Experience in TDD, continuous integration, and code review practice is strongly desired. Good engagement and collaboration skills and a strong team player. Pro-active, flexible and creative. 
ScrapedJobID590:
Proven ability to develop and execute Manual, Automated and performance testing Scripts. Experience in Test Automation using Java and Python. Experience in design and execution of performance tests/scripts. Experience in REST API functional testing and automation. Experience in CI/CD pipeline. Experience in any PL/SQL Database. Knowledge in Security testing. Knowledge or experience on event-based architecture and use of contract testing and Kafka automation is desirable. Knowledge in UNIX/Linux operating systems and cloud hosting such as AWS, Kubernetes, EKS, containers, microservices. Strong knowledge of Agile software development methodologies using tools such as GIT, Jira, and Confluence. Knowledge in Machine Learning systems Strong research skills. Strong oral and written communications skills. Delivery of high-quality software products on time, on budget and to specification. Interface with Product Management, Project Management, Engineering, BA and Operations teams to plan testing assure products meet product requirements and quality standards. Report issues and results, researching and identifying root causes as appropriate, documenting accordingly. Participate in all agile ceremonies conducted by the squad. Work across teams to enhance quality assurance/testing and help to develop/execute performance and automation testing throughout the business as appropriate. Research available tools and participate in initiatives to implement those that will cost-effectively enhance testing capabilities and product quality Identify opportunities to apply existing automation or other tools to meet testing needs. Participate in continuous improvement initiatives and implementation of best practices Maintain framework for record retention in order to support internal and external IT audits. Work with QA/Testing staff, project managers, technical leads, and subject matter experts to plan and execute functional/non-functional automated tests. 3+ years of Software Engineering experience BS Engineering/Computer Science or equivalent experience required Fluent in French and English 
ScrapedJobID591:
5+ years of software QA experience. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Technology, or related Engineering field. Minimum of 5 years of experience in software testing or development role Understanding of Software QA methodologies and approaches Strong knowledge of relational database systems such as Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, etc. Experience with web service and API testing, including the interactions with SOAP and/or REST service endpoints Working knowledge of XML and JSON data Ability to spot problems easily and reproduce them Ability to work autonomously in a fast-paced environment Solutions-oriented thinking, looking for the smart solutions to issues rather than first answer that works A preoccupation with staying on top of industry trends and technologies Ingrained sense of accountability and ownership Develop and execute test cases for KingswaySoft products that interact with various database systems such as Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, DB2, MySQL, and enterprise applications such as Microsoft Dynamics 365, Salesforce, Oracle CRM, SharePoint, QuickBooks, HubSpot, and Marketo, etc. Create and develop test strategies Create and develop test plans Contribute to software designs by solving some intricate integration challenges Provide guidance to developers to ensure the best possible user experience, and a streamlined design flow when using our software Ensure software issues are tracked, resolved in a timely fashion Contribute to the development of technical resources such as technical documentation, knowledge base articles, blog post writing, etc. Develop sample solutions that demonstrate our software features Leverage your technical experience, skills, training, and information tools to provide a high level of customer satisfaction Knowledge of any database systems such as Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, etc. Experience with working with web service based application, including either SOAP or REST related experience Great documentation skills Teamwork skills Experience in any of the following applications would be considered an asset: Microsoft Dynamics 365/CRM/ERP, Salesforce.com, or other enterprise level business applications. You want to make an impact - We create the most sophisticated integration software in the industry, our software is used by thousands of enterprise clients in over 80 countries. At KingswaySoft, you have the opportunity to make a big impact if you excel in writing good software. You want to be continually challenged - We emphasize continual improvement within our organization. We always strive to create the highest quality software. You want to work with an exceptional team - Our team delivers; we pride ourselves in creating some most creative solutions in the market. You want an exciting career - You like a career that is creative, requires innovation to succeed, and is financially and personally rewarding. You like challenges - At KingswaySoft, you get the opportunities to create solutions that solve some of the most complicated integration scenarios, you will always find challenges in your development work. 
ScrapedJobID592:
End Client is a Canadian financial technology company Location: Ontario, Canada Must have experience with Security testing, Load testing, API testing(SOAP & REST), Postman, Payment Industry Bonus pay Tips Dental care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Load Testing: 3 years (preferred) Security Testing: 3 years (preferred) API Testing: 3 years (preferred) Postman: 3 years (preferred) REST/SOAP Testing: 3 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID593:
Perform inspectional, regulatory and advisory work involving the licensing and inspection of child day care facilities in Vancouver Coastal Health. Inspect and assess new and existing community care facilities and programs to ensure compliance with the Community Care and Assisted Living Act and regulations. Issue community care licenses. Investigate complaints of contraventions to the Act and regulations. Investigate reportable incidents in facilities. Provide information, guidance and consultation to facility operators, the public and others on related matters. Interpret, explain and ensure that applicable requirements and provisions of the act and regulations are enforced to promote the health, safety and well-being of children in care. Certificate or Diploma in a relevant discipline supplemented with at least three (3) years of recent, related experience managing a child care program or an equivalent combination of education, training and experience. Valid BC Early Childhood Educator (ECE) Certificate. Valid BC Driver’s License is required. Local area travel requires the use of a personal vehicle. Comprehensive knowledge of provincial acts and regulations related to child care facilities licensing. Demonstrated knowledge of the provision of quality care within child care facilities. Demonstrated knowledge of the principles and practices of quality assurance/quality improvement. Ability to exercise sound judgment in the inspection and assessment of child care facilities and programs. Ability to investigate complaints, identify infractions and violations, and make recommendations regarding corrective action. Ability to interpret, explain and ensure compliance with applicable requirements and provisions of applicable acts and regulations. Demonstrated ability to problem-solve and negotiate resolutions in a respectful manner to minimize conflict. Demonstrated ability to tactfully and diplomatically enforce regulatory provisions. Demonstrated ability to develop and maintain collaborative working relationships with licensees, operators, government agencies, special interest groups and the public. Demonstrated ability to work effectively as a member of a team. Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing to a variety of audiences. Demonstrated ability to prepare and present comprehensive reports and recommendations on community care licensing issues. Demonstrated ability to organize and prioritize work. Demonstrated ability to maintain confidentiality. Demonstrated ability to use current word processing, spreadsheet and electronic mail software applications. Physical ability to perform the duties of the position. Comprehensive health benefits package, including MSP, extended health and dental and municipal pension plan Grow your career with employer-paid training and leadership development opportunities Wellness supports, including counselling, critical incident and innovative wellness services are available to employees and their immediate families Award-winning recognition programs to honour staff, medical staff and volunteers Access to exclusive discount offers and deals for VCH staff 
ScrapedJobID594:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 8 years of experience in software development, and with data structures/algorithms. 5 years of experience testing and launching software products, and 3 years of experience with software design and architecture. Experience with software architecture. Master’s degree or PhD in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related technical field. 3 years of experience in a technical leadership role leading project teams and setting technical direction. 3 years of experience working in a complex, matrixed organization involving cross-functional, and/or cross-business projects. Experience with full stack and/or front-end software engineering. Define and grow the backend infrastructure that ensures developers can easily build high quality games on Stadia and other streaming platforms. Identify and build tools, libraries, services, and platforms. Work with other Stadia teams on impactful projects to make developers productive on Stadia and other streaming platforms. Be a technical mentor, thought leader, and a pioneer of best practices. Architect, design, and oversee implementation including code reviews, and provide technical decisions and insights for the infrastructure and tooling, while setting milestones and priorities for a team of developers. 
ScrapedJobID595:
Scheduling includes 30 minutes unpaid break time, per day. Receive and review purchase orders, cheque requests, and/or other related documentation for completeness and compliance with financial policies, procedures and contractual requirements. Match original invoices and requests for payment with internal purchase requisitions and cheque requests; monitor due dates and notify controller of those due and/or past due. Code, verify and electronically enter accounts payable data into ledgers; reconcile inter-company accounts as required. Draw, verify and post payment cheques to appropriate vendors and/or agencies. Follow up on account statements and other discrepancies regarding payment of accounts, and serve as liaison between programs and vendors in the resolution of administrative problems and inquiries. Maintain, log, enter and balance account data and generates A/P listing reports as required. Compile purchasing requisitions; prepare purchasing and accounting paperwork; reconcile invoices with purchase requisitions in preparation for payment processing. Receive specified incoming materials, supplies and equipment and compares information on packing slip with purchase requisition to verify accuracy of shipments. Ensure adherence to related policies and procedures, objectives, quality assurance programs, and safety standards. Develop or assist with the development and implementation of policies and procedures consistent with those of the agency to ensure efficient and safe operation of the department. Contribute to establishing and maintaining a safe and healthy physical environment and adheres to OHS requirements. Perform miscellaneous job-related duties as assigned. Minimum high school diploma or general equivalency diploma (GED) with a specialized admin support program. Minimum of 2 years experience directly related to the specified duties and responsibilities SAGE 300 or Sage Intacct experience is an asset Accounting Diploma or Certificate is preferred Skill in the use of computers and related applications, including Windows and Linux platforms and MS and/or Open Office suites; willingness to learn and adapt to new software. Familiar with computer-based group conferencing processes. Ability to re-prioritize and adjust to interruptions and changing requirements. Ability to comprehend information and communicate effectively both orally and in writing, including business communications. Knowledge of standard accounts payable policies, procedures and regulations. Knowledge of purchase requisitions and related accounts payable documentation. Ability to understand and interpret vendor invoices, statements, and other requests for payment. Ability to complete routine paperwork and maintain records. Skill in organizing resources and establishing priorities. Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing. Skill in the use of personal computers and applicable software applications, including an automated accounting system. Ability to analyze and solve problems; ability to make administrative/procedural decisions and judgements. Ability to gather data, compile information, and process computer data to formulate and generate reports. Ability to detect problems and report information to appropriate personnel. Knowledge of general accounting principles; knowledge of accounts payable and accounts receivable procedures and policies. Knowledge of agency organizational structure, work flow and operating procedures. Ability to foster a cooperative work environment, work effectively both independently and as a member of a team, and meet deadlines. 
ScrapedJobID596:
Manage a growing team of experienced manual and automated test engineers. Attract and hire key talent. Strong ability to build a team; attracting, hiring, retaining, motivating the best QA engineers. Promote continuous professional development and career trajectories within your team. Cultivate team members’ growth through feedback, coaching and career development. Contribute to the software delivery process, from exploratory testing to develop acceptance criteria, to bug advocacy, to verification-based testing. Coordinate with the product, engineering, and design managers on the team to meet key objectives and advocate for quality. Help shape company-wide processes and work with other Engineering Managers to continually evaluate how we can better support our reports and each other. 8+ years of relevant QA technical experience with at least 3+ years experience managing QA teams for consumer-facing products. Ability to manage the careers and growth of direct reports at various levels. Have a deep understanding of agile testing principles and the whole team approach to quality. Experience developing test plans, test cases and test reports for web and app experiences. Solid experience with software testing tools and frameworks, including automation test scripts. Embody Servant Leadership and possess a hunger to amplify others. Create clear and concise test suites and improve company quality standards. You’ve led agile development teams and know how to balance delivery and team energy. Deep passion for superb user experience and technical integrity. Flexible working hours with complete work-from-home freedom and a guilt-free unlimited vacation policy. Enjoy employee rewards and travel discounts using SnapTravel. Competitive salaries, equity options, full benefits from day one, wellness budgets and paid development - we’ve got you covered! Uber Eats credits, meal budgets, special treats and team lunches. When in office enjoy daily snack services and unlimited coffee, tea and other drinks. Supporting continued growth with Learning & Development, Diversity & Inclusion events, TED talk Tuesday’s, and Lunch & Learn opportunities. We welcome new additions with a generous EI top-up, parental leave, additional vacation and a flexible return-to-work plan. Game nights, Happy Hours, internal hackathons, team bonding games, workouts and more. Keeping our teams engaged, even in the remote world. 
ScrapedJobID597:
Self-motivated Team Player Willingness to learn and evolve with the industry Knowledge of both AISC & CISC standards Value Quality as paramount to a projects success Excellent written and verbal skills Can meet deadlines Working with detailing teams in a multi-office environment Working with Global Companies Knowledge of Adobe and/or Bluebeam software Knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite (Word/Excel/Outlook) 
ScrapedJobID598:

ScrapedJobID599:
Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID600:
Proven ability for developing and maintaining strong relationships with clients Experience in complex technical project delivery and project management Ability to assume all responsibilities related to the project management cycle Experience related to diagnosing a project’s problems, creating solutions, communicating with clients, decisional process, documentation, managing client expectations, and leading a team Exhibit high intellectual adaptability, including strong critical thinking skills, analytical abilities, and the capacity for lateral/creative thinking- identifying key client issues, conducting analysis, and developing recommendations Experience mentoring and managing technical team members Experience in leading QA streams for projects from end to end for various delivery methodologies (Agile / Waterfall / Hybrid) Ability to make decisions on projects, considering project functionality, cost, schedule, and quality and making trade-offs as appropriate Experience developing and managing complex project plans including deliverable management, critical milestones, regular project reviews and ongoing risk management Applied testing methodologies, principles and processes to define and implement test strategies to meet client’s objectives Oversee the definition, selection, and extension of the test automation architecture frameworks; Define and implement test automation strategy including roadmap, tools, framework and approach for various clients as per their needs Ability to define and operationalize key metrics to manage and assess the testing process including test execution and defect resolution Hands-on test automation experience working in a large-scale software development environment Experience in test automation development testing API's and web service technologies (i.e. REST, SOAP), and/or GUI applications and experience using test automation tools like Selenium, QTP, Load Runner, or SOA test Experience with Continuous Integration / Continuous Deployment environments and tools (e.g. Docker, Travis, Jenkins) Conceptual Knowledge of Object-Oriented architecture and Programming languages such as NodeJS, Java, Python, JavaScript, .Net, C# or similar; Knowledge of performance testing Government Security clearance eligibility is an asset Able to communicate effectively (both written and verbal) with creative ability to conceptualize and articulate new approaches and solutions. French and English language working proficiency is required for placement at the Montreal office You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID601:
Work as a key member of the R&D team to review and program changes in Creditron’s web based solution and back-end processes Dissect application problems, recommend and develop solutions Utilize programming skills to ensure delivered code meets high standards of quality and reusability Work closely with the Quality Assurance team to support the release process for changes Participate in code review and knowledge sharing sessions Assist Professional Services/ Support staff as required with investigations of technical issues Experience in designing and developing enterprise-scale .NET applications Proficient with C++, MFC, ASP.Net MVC, .NET Core and C# Experience in HTML5, JavaScript, CSS, Angular Experience in REST Web API, WCF Expertise in developing moderate to complex SQL in MS SQL Server Ability to pick up technologies quickly and learn new skills Experience with the Agile/Scrum process 
ScrapedJobID602:
Registration as a Professional Engineer (P. Eng.) by a provincial or territorial association SOLIDWORKS Certification Research and development Purchasing, procurement and contracts Quality assurance or control Operations or production Occupational health and safety Installation, maintenance and inspection of equipment or facilities SolidWorks software Transportation equipment Robotics or controls Rotating equipment tools Mobile equipment Material handling Heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) system System integration Repair and overhaul organization Manufacturing or processing industry Automotive manufacturing Fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) Conduct research into the feasibility, design, operation and performance of mechanisms, components and systems Analyze dynamics and vibrations of mechanical systems and structures Supervise and inspect the installation of mechanical systems Develop maintenance standards, schedules and programs Investigate mechanical failures or unexpected maintenance problems Plan and manage projects, and prepare material, cost and timing estimates, reports and design specifications for machinery and systems Prepare contract documents and evaluate tenders for industrial construction or maintenance Own transportation Own vehicle Willing to travel Valid driver's licence Travel expenses paid by employer Public transportation is not available Willing to travel internationally Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Combination of sitting, standing, walking Large workload Tight deadlines Overtime required Rural area In shop Various locations MS Office Computer-aided design (CAD) Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Reliability Organized Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits RRSP Benefits Vision Care Benefits 
ScrapedJobID603:
Have a good knowledge of the main software tools of the geomatics industry (ESRI environment, QGIS, AutoCad, etc.) Possess programming skills; Have a good knowledge of geospatial databases Be familiar with Cloud concepts; Be familiar with IOS, Android and Windows platforms Have a good understanding of GNSS positioning concepts Have a good knowledge of map projections Understand the basic concepts of geodesy Master the principles and techniques of quality assurance; Ability to configure computers and GNSS equipment is an important asset. Innate sense of organization Very good communication skills (oral and written) in French and English Ease of contact with clients Work‑family balance Group Insurance (life, salary and dental insurance) Training “Health” program with partial reimbursement of physical activities Paid vacation during the holiday season Coffee Easy access to public transportation (Préfontaine metro station, bus line 25) Nearby: gym, spa, sports fields, restaurants and many other services Dynamic and professional team 
ScrapedJobID604:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID605:
Join a large team of developers owning authentication, tenant and user management backend services in a multi-tenant SaaS solution supporting thousands of signups per month. Participate in all aspects of software engineering including designing, planning, coding, verifying, integrating, releasing, monitoring, supporting and maintaining. Collaborate with managers, architects, site reliability engineers, quality assurance verifiers, and security office specialists to advance the team roadmap. Review architectural proposals to ensure a sound solution that doesn’t compromise expansion, scale, performance and robustness. Utilize an Agile software engineering process to continuously deliver and deploy quality and feature improvements in a cloud environment. Engage in sprint cycle around planning with estimation, daily scrum, demo and retrospective. Engineering with a solid track record of coding, designing and delivering products. Designing and coding NodeJs and GoLang or equivalent RESTful API micro-services using MongoDB or Redis. Developing solutions using containerization and Kubernetes. Architecting and building at scale with concepts like rate limiting, service level indicators, performance metrics, thread tracing. Understanding of Identity Access Management (IAM) or Identity-as-a-Service software and concepts. Programming OAuth 2.0, OpenID Connect, or similar authentication and authorization protocols. Understanding and using JSON Web Tokens (JWTs). Dental care Extended health care Vision care 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID606:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Willing to travel Travel expenses paid by employer Work under pressure Attention to detail Sitting Business intelligence Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID607:
Full benefits package for full-time employees Retirement savings plan Exciting, supportive and fun work environment Family and friends discounts on travel, tech, food, beverage, and fitness Development and training opportunities Manage SQL Server databases through multiple product lifecycle environments, from development to mission-critical production systems. Configure and maintain database servers and processes, including monitoring of system health and performance, to ensure high levels of performance, availability, and security. Apply data modeling techniques to ensure development and implementation support efforts meet integration and performance expectations Independently analyze, solve, and correct issues in real time, providing problem resolution end-to-end. Refine and automate regular processes, track issues, and document changes Assist developers with complex query tuning and schema refinement. Provide 24x7 support for critical production systems. Perform scheduled maintenance and support release deployment activities after hours. Share domain and technical expertise, providing technical mentorship and cross-training to other peers and team members. On-call may be required 2+ years experience with hospitality, retail or casino marketing experience or equivalentt combination of education and experience 5-7 years of experience working in an Application Support/Solution delivery team, preferably in a Casino or Gaming and Entertainment industry or other large corporate environment 5+ years of technical experience in supporting an integrated application environment 5+ years experience in Database environments or Application Development 10+ years’ experience in a hands-on role supporting database environments or application development 5+ years MS SQL Server Administration experience required 5 to 7 Years of Project Support Experience, Casino experience or equivalent combination of education and experience ITIL: 3 years Customer Support: 5 - 7 years SQL Server: 5-7 years Application Support: 5-7 years General knowledge of database theory, queries and design Knowledge of Microsoft Sequel (Relation Database Management System)- Software solution Knowledge structured query language (SQL) General understanding of database and network architecture General understanding of routine maintenance, recovery and failover procedures/protocols Fluent/familiar with Azure cloud and on-premises server environment Chief architect and owner of database environment across multiple systems Responsible for data integration across multiple platforms (ie. GMS, ADP, POS, Cognos, Great Plains, etc.) Knowledge of SQL server reporting services (SSRS) Knowledge of SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) for data warehousing and transformation. The preferred address of work is in office with options to work remotely after the role is learned. The ideal candidate would also need to travel to client site occasionally. Bachelors degree in Technology, Science or Engineering, or work experience equivalent Customer Service orientation with a strong bias toward action Experience in DR runbook and execution in a mission-critical high availability environment. Experience in other database environment management, such as DB2. Experience in providing services to agreed SLAs and OLAs Flexible in working outside of core business hours at short-notice Good understanding of Microsoft and Linux technology stacks, including awareness of cloud computing architecture. Understanding of technical IT issues to enable discussions with internal and external technical specialists ITIL Certification Experience using Service/Incident Management Tools Experience working with offshore teams. Individual must have or be eligible for AGCO Licensing Strong communication and presentation skills, that will enable the candidate to collaborate with cross functional technical teams along with enhancing both business and team member relationships Working in a fast-paced Agile environment Have a strong technical/systems background Review processes and implement efficiency enhancing procedures Experience with Performance Tuning and Optimization (PTO), using native monitoring and troubleshooting tools Experience with backups, restores and recovery models Knowledge of High Availability (HA) and Disaster Recovery (DR) options for SQL Server Experience working with Windows server, including Active Directory Excellent written and verbal communication Flexible, team player, “get-it-done” personality Ability to organize and plan work independently Ability to work in a rapidly changing environment Ability to multi-task and context-switch effectively between different activities and teams MCTS, MCITP, and/or MVP certifications a plus Strong understanding of casino products (slots & table games), systems and/or similar environments Ability to use and understand Microsoft Office Applications (Project, Excel, Words, Visio, etc.) email, Internet navigation and presentation software (PowerPoint or other software). Excellent communication, organizational and multi-tasking skills. Promote, justify and lead the development of new products and functionality Track industry trends, understand internal product development and interact with internal and external stakeholders Regularly interface with internal and external clients to successfully implement solutions. Undergraduate degree or diploma with emphasis in business administration and/or technology. Experience with Gaming Systems preferred. A proven track record of successful project implementation in a software and technology implementation environment Knowledge of Gaming and Entertainment Industry Knowledge of Bally’s Gaming Management System (GMS) V15 Excellent organization, written and client facing skills Experience of the entire project life cycle, able to operate in the initial conceptual design stage Thorough knowledge of MS Office and MS Project Formal training in Application Systems Development Life Cycle Management methods and techniques. Previous casino/gaming/Payment services experience an asset Some travel maybe required Casino Management Systems – Ballys GMS Version 15; SDS, CHS Experience with Casino Market Place, Slot Data Systems and other Gaming and Entertainment related systems. POS Systems – Squirrel or Micros SQL Server, DB2 Nice-to-have
Hands-on experience with Sybase, Microsoft Operating Systems, Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, Linux, Java and .NET environment
Integration of different data sources, like Big Data systems and relational databases
Foster the adoption of AGILE development, Cloud technology
Familiarity with Data Analysis, Data quality and governance concepts
Experience with supporting project projects through a project delivery lifecycle Hands-on experience with Sybase, Microsoft Operating Systems, Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, Linux, Java and .NET environment Integration of different data sources, like Big Data systems and relational databases Foster the adoption of AGILE development, Cloud technology Familiarity with Data Analysis, Data quality and governance concepts Experience with supporting project projects through a project delivery lifecycle 
ScrapedJobID608:
Work closely with development team based on company defined development processes and methodologies Lead on multiple projects with changing priorities and meet concurrent deadlines Contribute in sprint planning and user story grooming Design test plan and test cases from user stories, identify opportunities to employ automation to reduce time/cost Provide Estimates for testing tasks Assess risk of test scope adjustment and escalate to team / manager for any impediment Apply different test methods to achieve balance between coverage and agility Analyze and troubleshoot application / environment issue Review and oversee test cases from teammates, as well as take part in test case execution Create and maintain automated test suites You have a University degree or college diploma in Computer Science or equivalent industry experience You have more than 5 years of QA experience with SaaS application You have worked in an Agile environment as QA You have knowledge of a spectrum of software development methodologies You have QA experience with microservices architecture, container and docker You have basic knowledge of github branching and merging You have knowledge in MSSQL and have written numerous queries You always work and prioritize multiple tasks applying excellent time management skill You are familiar with computer programming language and concepts, .Net technologies You are an excellent problem solver who enjoy challenges You are comfortable working off hours occasionally You have prior testing experience on Azure Cloud or AWS or Google Cloud Platform An opportunity to work in a stable and exciting work environment with growth opportunities Tuition reimbursement program Medical and dental benefits without a waiting period Three (3) weeks paid vacation Location! We are in Don Mills with free parking, close to the 401 and DVP, with bike racks, and a TTC stop outside our office Defined Benefit Pension Plan Employee Assistance Program Various perks such, gym membership, Fitbit for monthly team challenges, Perkopolis and socials for everyone from book club to sports A culture that encourages volunteering, giving back, collaboration, and team activities, check out @lifeatangussystems on Instagram for more An open concept, bright office with access to Wilket Creek and Sunnybrook Park 
ScrapedJobID609:
Responsible for construction site quality assurance inspections - including, but not limited to, hardwood flooring, tile, kitchens, appliances, plumbing fixtures, framing, concrete placement, etc. Reviewing construction documents for suites and common areas and ensuring design compliance and construction quality by flagging any discrepancies to management Assess the Construction Manager’s project timelines and milestones and provide input and feedback Monitor stock levels between suppliers and installers, assisting with forecasting and inventory planning as required Responsible for making sub-trade process improvement recommendations Liaise with PDI Auditors, proactively looking for and resolving deficiencies prior to PDI Audits Review project team reports and identify discrepancies with site conditions Proactively reviewing proposed changes in project scope, identify potential issues and report to executive team Participate in project postmortems to identify successful and unsuccessful project elements Work closely with the VP Design and Construction overseeing the design teams to ensure that design intent and constructability are in alignment Review existing agreements and recommend amendments as necessary for future projects Work closely with the VP Design and Construction to ensure timely delivery of suite finishing packages both during Pre-Construction and Construction phases Health & Safety conscious, document and report all concerns, accidents, and incidents to immediate supervisor for follow up and take appropriate action Read and adhere to the Employee Handbook Guidelines, Policies, and procedures Embody and uphold Great Gulf brand standards Other duties as assigned Post-secondary degree in Engineering or other construction related discipline 3+ years’ experience in a QA role, preferably in High-rise Residential This position works in both indoor and outdoor environments on construction sites: heat, cold, dirt, rain, noise. Depending on the day and weather conditions of the job will change, long exposure isn’t consistent but at times is needed. Some computer work, sitting at a desk to compile reports, enter payment releases, emails and other administrative tasks. 90% Constant standing and walking throughout shift. Bending, twisting, walking down and upstairs. Mid to high paced. Monday – Friday shifts during the day (flexible hours, working when construction site works). May have need to climb step ladder to inspect ceiling conditions. Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Day shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) quality assurance in high-rise residential: 3 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID610:
Implement solutions that solve complicated challenges around performance, scaling, and security while instrumenting services to provide high quality insight into emerging issues. Design and develop applications, system-to-system interfaces and complete software solutions, and create documentation such as user guides and software development guides. Bachelors of Computer Science, or equivalent degree or equivalent work experience; 3+ years of experience in DevOps Knowledge of testing frameworks and source control systems; Knowledge of ASP.Net using C#, SQL Server. Experience of owning CI/CD pipelines and creating branching strategies including release tagging and versioning. Experience of deploying *js applications managed by npm Experience in writing documentation and creating diagrams; Experience with public cloud providers such as AWS and Azure and their native tools; Experience in managing servers, networks, and infrastructure with broad knowledge of the following: networking, servers, virtualization, security, availability, resiliency, redundancy, alerting, and monitoring; Experience in quality assurance and testing, including unit testing, integration testing, load testing, performance testing, etc. Experience in Designing and developing automation test scripts for the test cases using utilities from established automation framework while following industry best practices Effectively communicate testing activities, findings and project risk in oral and written formats Experience working in an Agile/Scrum/DevOps environment supporting testing for web and Mobile technologies Experience working with medium sized team(s) Happy with a delivery oriented culture Bachelors of Computer Science, or equivalent degree or equivalent work experience; Effective verbal, written, empathy, problem-solving and active listening communication skills Ability to work independently with minimum supervision Ability to work under pressure and maintain a calm focus during short deadlines Good judgment and ability to prioritize assignments Must be in BC Role requires to be on site in BC 
ScrapedJobID611:
Telecommunications industry Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Tight deadlines Willing to relocate Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID612:
Create and document test cases to align to user stories Provide your assessment of test results to team members and work with them on resolution Develop, establish and execute quality assurance measures and testing standards for new and existing applications and products Ensure that testing activities allow applications to meet business requirements and systems goals, fulfill end-user requirements, and identify existing or potential issues Communicate test progress, test results, and other relevant information to project team members and stakeholders Review the test results, reporting any exceptions, and prepare the required documentation for signoff and implementation into the production environment Maintain existing Quality Assurance scripts and documentation Actively participate in team meetings and offer recommendations/ideas on initiatives Bachelor’s degree or equivalent job experience. Demonstrated experience (3 years) as a QA Analyst or in a related field such as Software or Application Development Excellent analytical and problem- solving skills to create and execute test plans/scripts Strong verbal, written, and interpersonal skills. Ability to interface effectively with cross functional teams and ability to work independently Ability to test software from a technical and non-technical perspective Excellent time management skills and the ability to contribute to multiple projects simultaneously Superior time management, multitasking skills, and the ability to prioritize tasks and meet set timelines minimal supervision. Ability to write intermediate SQL Experience with test case management tools Experience with Automated Testing Tools an asset (Selenium or similar) Work experience in the travel industry Actively participate in team meetings and offer recommendations/ideas on initiatives Thrives working in a technology and KPI driven organization. Able to thrive in an entrepreneurial environment. Passionate about travel and all that surrounds it. Highly functional in a fast paced, constantly changing workplace - building plans through iterations from learning on what’s working and not working. Ability to build trust and work through conflict both upwards and downward. 
ScrapedJobID613:
Complete scheduled audits on methodology against ISO17025 requirements, assist with the implementation of corrective actions and review and follow up with laboratory staff Complete monthly quality checks on laboratory processes, control charts and other quality systems Complete calibration schedules for measurement equipment Monitor and trend ambient laboratory and sample fridge temperatures. Implement corrective actions where required Log and update all data quality reviews into the eJIRA system, monitor progress, and provide updates to management Provide support to the QA coordinator to complete adverse drinking water reporting Ensure data uploads to various regulatory and client portals are maintained College diploma in a related field or relevant experience in a quality role Good understanding of IT and PC applications and software Self-starter, ambitious and energetic Lab experience considered an asset High degree of autonomy, creativity and strong sense of initiative Ability to clearly communicate both orally and in writing Bilingualism (French and English) an asset Positive attitude Good attention to detail Auditing experience considered an asset Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously 
ScrapedJobID614:
or equivalent experience Android Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Fast-paced environment Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Willing to relocate Internet Device drivers Networking software Networking hardware Networking security Intranet Servers File management software Communication software Data analysis software Mapping and data visualization software Business intelligence Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) Initiative Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID615:
Work within an Agile and/or Waterfall environment to identify any issues with product/testing requirements. Prepare / assist with preparation of all prescribed QA artifacts including, but not limited to, master test strategy and plan, functional test plan, QA acceptance plan/sign off, defect tracking report. Prepare and participate in automation, performance, and security testing as required. Participation and / or review of documentation and/or test results in all QA test phases such as requirements validation, Unit, Integration, functional, and regression testing. Develop test cases according to the master test plan. Perform QA testing and report issues as required. Walk through the QA test cases and the QA test plan with the QA Lead prior to execution. Mentor Junior QA Analysts as required. As we are a global professional services company, business travel may be needed. 5+ years of formal testing experience. 3+ years of test automation experience. Strong SQL skills and experience with relational databases. Experience with testing APIs using API testing tools such as Postman. Experience with automated test scripting and implementation using BDD frameworks such as Behat or Cucumber. Experience with Python scripting and Pytest Experience with web application testing (browser compatibility, responsive testing, etc.) Experience with DevOps principles and practices is a plus Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Business Administration, or equivalent experience. Previous experience and knowledge of software quality tools (i.e. test case management, defect management), such as Jira and its family of tools. Experience in developing test plans, writing test scripts, developing use cases, implementing automated testing, governing quality standards, supervising test team activities, vetting and guiding requirements/acceptance criteria, and assisting business users through user acceptance test processes. Knowledge of the quality assurance discipline, the defect lifecycle management processes, and the software commonly used for test planning and defect tracking (Jira, Bugzilla, etc.) Platforms used: Windows, MacOS, Android/iOS mobile OS Experienced with scripting languages: HTML, PHP, Java, JavaScript. Proactive in raising potential risks/concerns Ability to multitask effectively on multiple projects and provide leadership Ability to identify potential risks and communicate to project leadership team Formal software testing training or certification. Ability to take ownership of tasks and projects assigned with minimal supervision. Highly collaborative and dynamic. Results oriented and creative problem solving skills. Client centric and responsive. Clear, concise and articulate in communications. Interested in business travel. 
ScrapedJobID616:
4-6 years of IT experience with minimum three years of work experience on Process Modelling using IBM BAW product on both process designed & IID. Cross Platform Services development experience with WebSphere ESB and good understanding of SOAP, REST, JSON, WSDL, XML, DTD and XSD. Use IBM Business Automation Workflow to accomplish process modeling solutions Experience with modelling structured processes and decompose activities into a nested processes Develop automated unit test suites to test software changes and to ensure they fulfill requirements provided. Collaborate with the quality assurance team and system owners on integration testing of new software. Develop robust and repeatable IBM BAW deployment processes. Organize assets and create snapshots, share assets by exporting process application Error handling in processes and services Integrate external systems with IBM Business Automation Workflow Must have Experience with Process Modules, SCA modules and various bindings, Mediation modules, libraries, message handing, error handling, Human Tasks, BO, SDO, Business Rules & understanding of BPM Release Management and Deployment Strategy. Diagnose and troubleshoot problems with existing ODM & BAW solutions in order to restore normal operations in a timely manner. Minimum four years of experience in IBM BAW (Business Automation Workflow) Cross Platform Services development experience with WebSphere ESB and good understanding of SOAP, REST, JSON, WSDL, XML, DTD and XSD Minimum two years of experience in business process design Web development using JavaScript frameworks and browser techs Must have Experience with Process Modules, SCA modules and various bindings, Mediation modules, libraries, message handing, error handling, Human Tasks, BO, SDO, Business Rules & understanding of BPM Release Management and Deployment Strategy Experience with cloud computing platforms such as Windows Azure a big plus 
ScrapedJobID617:
Discover and prevent cross-tenant and privacy failures prior to customer impact Invent new ways to discover, mitigate, and prevent novel privacy failures in M365 Services Identify privacy-brittle patterns across M365 codebases and services Collaborate with teams across Microsoft to help perform and validate root cause analysis of failures, and understand different technology stacks in use Validate complex security features for failures and develop efficient automation to continuously validate efficacy Research new and emerging technology and its privacy risks and benefits Plan and manage an expanding portfolio of security and privacy areas, and track associated metrics Create and maintain new environments and tenancies for in-depth testing and validation Develop test plans for external teams to run to validate security feature function, prior to automation Any other reasonable activity required by management Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent technical degree 5+ years Software Development or Quality Assurance experience 
ScrapedJobID618:
Self-motivated Team Player Willingness to learn and evolve with the industry Knowledge of both AISC & CISC standards Value Quality as paramount to a projects success Excellent written and verbal skills Can meet deadlines Working with detailing teams in a multi-office environment Working with Global Companies Knowledge of Adobe and/or Bluebeam software Knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite (Word/Excel/Outlook) 
ScrapedJobID619:
Microsoft Visio Research and development institution Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Python Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Tight deadlines Word processing software Spreadsheet MS Windows Java Internet Database software C++ Networking hardware Networking security File management software Presentation software Communication software Image editing software Project management software Programming software Desktop publishing software Programming languages Software development SQL Data analysis software Mapping and data visualization software Website creation and management software MS Office Business diagram software Multimedia software Computer-aided design (CAD) Business intelligence Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID620:
Perform engineering calculations (e.g. using Excel spreadsheet, MATLAB, MathCAD or by hand) and documentation; Assist in the development of CAD models for mechanical systems or repository systems using commercial modeling software (e.g. Solidworks); Assist in advanced numerical (finite element) analysis using commercial analysis software (e.g. ANSYS, LS-DYNA, COMSOL); Review and quality check technical reports and drawings prepared by other engineering staff; Assist in inputting technical reports and drawings into configuration management software to ensure quality assurance; Conduct literature research on specific technical topics and prepare the study report; Assist in the development of technical illustrations and presentations using MS Office and other software; Assist in engineering measurement/testing and associated documentation; Conduct vendor and market search for specific engineering services or products; Assist in the preparation of engineering procurement documents; Currently enrolled in the third or fourth year of a Bachelor’s Degree program of engineering with a focus on Nuclear, Mechanical, Physics / Mathematical Engineering with Mechanical option; Hands-on design, testing or manufacturing experience through previous student positions, co-ops, capstone projects, and/or extracurricular teams (e.g. mini-Baja, solar team, Formula SAE, etc.) is required; Knowledge of office applications (i.e. MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, Acrobat Professional, etc.) is required. Knowledge in MS Excel VBA would be an asset; Experience in CAD modeling using Solidworks (or similar software packages) and technical drawing preparation would be an asset; Knowledge in the finite element method and experience in ANSYS and LS-DYNA (or similar software packages) would be a valuable asset; Experience in technical measurement, experiment and testing would be an asset; Ability to draft and edit scientific documents of a technical nature; Good oral and written communication skills; Good organizational skills and ability to manage large datasets; Attention to detail. 
ScrapedJobID621:
Extended health care Work from home Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) quality assurance: 5 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID622:
Review requirements, specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases Estimate, prioritize, plan and coordinate testing activities Design, develop and execute automation scripts using open source tools Identify, record, document thoroughly and track bugs Perform thorough regression testing when bugs are resolved Develop and apply testing processes for new and existing products to meet client needs Liaise with internal teams (e.g. developers and product managers) to identify system requirements Monitor debugging process results Investigate the causes of non-conforming software and train users to implement solutions Track quality assurance metrics, like defect densities and open defect counts Stay up-to-date with new testing tools and test strategies Proven work experience in software development Proven work experience in software quality assurance Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes Experience in writing clear, concise and comprehensive test plans and test cases Hands-on experience with both white box and black box testing Hands-on experience with automated testing tools Solid knowledge of SQL and scripting Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process Experience with performance and/or security testing is a plus BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject opportunity to grow to leader role Stock option working remotely 
ScrapedJobID623:
Creates exception reports and oversees the data validation and update process for the CAFM system Assists with monthly and quarterly service line reporting Leads data gathering and validation process to include: floor plan accuracy, space types, space ID numbers, and seating assignments with business Proactively monitors the execution of the client space allocation model and delivery of reporting in accordance with client Space Allocation Process Develop/coordinate/provide regular space data management system training for Serraview users Leads process to gather, validate & load seat assignment/ Headcount Data Establishes governance program and data quality assurance reporting for consistency of portfolio space and occupancy data Creates ad-hoc reporting as requested leveraging reports within the Serraview suite to understand space metrics and portfolio usage statistics. Subject matter expert on complete reporting functionally of Serraview. Supports the CAFM system implementation and configuration to support client required reporting including establishing allocations and charge back methodology. Conducts regular data audits cross-referencing HR and space data to assure alignment. Assists with documentation of new CAD / CAFM and data governance processes Maintains work instructions for service line processes 2-5 years of related experience Proactively curious detail orientated personality Advanced Microsoft Office Excel skills CAD experience preferred, Revit experience a plus Proficient in CAFM software (Serraview preferred, Manhattan, Center Stone, etc) Proficient Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Access, and PowerPoint) skills Excellent organization and documentation experience required Collaborative personality enabling the development of key partnerships with outside “data owners” to advance the capability and accuracy of the CAFM system Anticipates, identifies, quantifies, and resolves problems in a timely and positive manner Consistently meets deadlines and completes tasks as previously defined Works with integrity, trust and commitment, setting an example for others Solves practical problems and deals with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists Interprets a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form Holds Bachelors or greater in data management, IT or Business 
ScrapedJobID624:
We are looking for a Software Quality Assurance (QA) Engineer to develop and execute exploratory and automated tests to ensure product quality. QA engineer responsibilities include designing and implementing tests, debugging and defining corrective actions. You will also review system requirements and track quality assurance metrics (e.g. defect densities and open defect counts.) The QA role plays an important part in our company’s product development process. Ultimately, you should monitor all stages of software development to identify and resolve system malfunctions to meet quality standards. Review requirements, specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases Estimate, prioritize, plan and coordinate testing activities Design, develop and execute automation scripts using open source tools Identify, record, document thoroughly and track bugs Perform thorough regression testing when bugs are resolved Develop and apply testing processes for new and existing products to meet client needs Liaise with internal teams (e.g. developers and product managers) to identify system requirements Monitor debugging process results Investigate the causes of non-conforming software and train users to implement solutions Track quality assurance metrics, like defect densities and open defect counts Stay up-to-date with new testing tools and test strategies Studying Computer Science/Engineer related degree (recent graduate); or 1+ years of equivalent work-related experience Understanding of Behavior Driven Development (BDD) scenarios written in feature file format. Experience in writing clear, concise and comprehensive test plans and test cases Python,Java knowledge is a plus. Web, RESTful Services Development is a plus. Experience & understanding of different types of testing (Functional, Integration, Regression, UAT) Hands-on experience with automated testing tools like, Selenium, Cucumber, API Testing tools (SOAP UI/Postman/Newman/Swagger, etc.) AWS experience is a plus. Working in an agile environment using Scrum/Kanban A passion for continuous learning as well as the ability to learn quickly and apply new skills. Flexibility/Ability to be proactive, possesses creative problem-solving skills and the capability to find solutions and the ability to successfully meet deadlines. Able to work with a global team. Knowledge of Financial Services experience also a plus. Business casual work environment Close to all transit 
ScrapedJobID625:
Provide support related to design verification in early design phase, such as sample size, verifiability of product requirements and verification timeline Develop design verification test plans and protocols for new medical products Execute test protocols with a team of Test Technicians and Testers according to the test plan in design verification including mechanical, electrical and software testing Gain in-depth knowledge of product compliance evaluation on biocompatibility, cleaning and disinfection efficacy, chemical compatibility, sterilization validation, endoscopic standard ISO 8600, and CSA IEC 60601-1 Liaison with external lab to conduct medical devices required compliance and design verification testing Review and release external lab test protocol and report Collaborate with other team members to build, release new test jigs and/or test methods with documentation and test method validation Maintain and improve existing test system used in verification and reliability tests Organize and present adequacy reviews on design verification deliverables Provide support and conduct peer reviews on design change verification plan on sustaining projects Prepares final test reports, provide critical updates, and manage documentation meticulously Collaborate with the Systems Team and QA/RA Team on finding dispositions with patient risk assessment whenever necessary Set priorities and ensure completion within project schedule Possess strong problem-solving skills Analyze test data while focusing on important details Reconcile incongruities, create protocols and reports for product design verification and reliability Work with design engineers and SMEs on product failure symptoms to identify root cause Perform as a fully qualified Test Engineer concentrating on one major NPD program Fluent in document and update progress on JAMA- Requirements Management Software and use JIRA Software as issue tracking tool Support VMCA’s Quality Management System that establishes and maintains effective quality assurance processes and compliance to International and Domestic Standards Bachelor’s degree in engineering or other technology discipline is required 4+ years of working experience in technical field Excellent interpersonal communication skills as well as technical acumen in written communications with focus on clarity, accuracy, detail, and concise writing Ability to work within tight deadlines and maintain direction and conviction Interested in medical device and/or new technologies, in particular image sensors and displays Previous experience in medical device product testing or product compliance preferred Familiarity with safety testing, such as hi-pot and leakage current, and/or standard interpretation of IEC 60601-1 Medical Device Safety Standard preferred Familiarity with FDA and Health Canada requirements on Design Verification and Validation preferred Knowledge in reliability statistics and sample size calculations preferred 
ScrapedJobID626:
Proven IT project management skills including research, planning, organizational skills, and budget preparation. Ability to work under pressure of high volume and expectation, while meeting multiple deadlines for multiple projects. Strong service orientation coupled with an ability to recognize and assess the operational significance of a problem, control/mitigate the risk and set priorities accordingly. Exceptional analytical, evaluative, and technical problem-solving skills. Excellent research, presentation and report writing skills. Strong ability and willingness to work effectively as a team leader and team member. Must be able to collaborate and cooperate with team members, project sponsors, other stakeholders. Demonstrated ability to exercise sound judgment, tact, and diplomacy. Effective motivational and diplomatic skills appropriate to large and complex organizations. Ability to effectively navigate a professional and political climate. Ability to maintain high level of confidentiality. Strong interpersonal skills. Ability to deal calmly and effectively with people. Excellent oral and written communication skills to deal effectively with a wide range of contacts and to write effective documents, proposals, and reports. Advanced computer skills in MS Project, Word and Excel and PM software application tools, e.g. Roadmap, Copper, etc. Ability and willingness to learn new systems, technologies and project management methods and tools. 
ScrapedJobID627:
Analyzes gaps and trends for various programs and portfolios. Prepares reports pertaining to program delivery status and outcomes. Identifies gaps and trends and performs analyses to determine root causes and develops recommended solutions. Gathers data, performs data analysis and creates reports while ensuring accuracy of data. Leads process and tool/system improvement projects as well as process mapping activities in support of departmental continuous improvement programs. Liaises with internal and external stakeholders to assist in the successful coordination and delivery of program execution. Identifies workflow automation opportunities utilizing available tools and systems (e.g., Alteryx) Identifies opportunities to improve analytics and decision support using visualization software (e.g., Tableau) Creates and maintains reporting applications, forms and customized databases. Performs periodic analysis and monitoring of operations data for the purposes of quality assurance. Participates in corporate wide initiatives to support overall business strategy. Supports the development of rate applications to the regulator including, preparation of narratives, assisting with responses to interrogatories and supporting witness preparation needs related to THESL Capital/Maintenance Execution Work Programs. Performs additional duties as assigned. Bachelor degree in Business Administration, Engineering or Information Technology / Computer Science. Five to seven (5-7) years of experience in data analysis, gap analysis, report creation, workflow automation, business process design, business intelligence and performance management. Fully proficient in the use of Microsoft Office applications including advanced working knowledge in MS Excel, MS Project, MS Access and MS Word. Experience with Tableau and Alteryx would be considered an asset. Three (3) or more years of experience in business process redesign, analysis for business projects, identification areas for improvement and development of new initiatives. Additional certificates or considered an asset: Business Analyst Professional (CBAP), Six Sigma, Data Science, etc. Awareness of project/program management processes, principles and methodologies; Project Management Professional (PMP) designation is an asset. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Excellent analytical and business solution development skills, including the proven ability to function effectively in a dynamic environment. Able to proactively flag at-risk areas of business based on analysis of data and KPIs. Ability to develop statistical tracking methodologies to track performance and measurement against set standards of quality. Ability to develop dependable feedback systems and tracking. Experience with process mapping and procedure writing. Business and strategic thinking acumen. Builds Strong Relationships: Prioritizes time for the development of relationships and leverages to influence as appropriate; starts with a positive mindset and demonstrates trust and respect with colleagues and customers. Champions Change, Productivity and Innovation: Learns and adopts continuous improvement methods for all areas of their responsibility, while identifying and mitigating risks; suggests changes or supports new and/or modified processes which contribute to improved productivity, departmental / divisional performance. Demonstrates Customer Focus: Models customer focused behavior in all actions and decisions, particularly when interacting directly with customers. 
ScrapedJobID628:
Collaborate to elaboration of electronic design in the cross-functional team including Offer Management, Industrialization, Firmware, Software, PCB and Mechanical design Take ownership of hardware development through specification and selection of electrical and electronic components, simulation /modeling, testing and validation, both on bench and in systems Develop electrical schematics and supervise PCB layout Perform integration of subsystems and subassemblies in conjunction with new design, product improvement, field, production problem/resolution, and life-cycle management Provide support to test engineers for product verification Communicate mechanical requirements Provide support for troubleshooting all system related issues Ensure cross-functional collaboration (purchasing, manufacturing, quality assurance, etc.) and be involved with new product development process Gain knowledge of HVAC systems and architecture Support the team in knowledge management and continuous improvement activities Performs other duties as assigned by Product Design Lead engineer Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or other relevant technical disciplines from an accredited university A minimum of 1 year of professional experience in a R&D environment for board-level electronic design For design schematics entry and PCB-level layout supervision: have academic and professional experience with Cadence EDA tools (EDM / Allegro) - preferred, or Altium Familiarity with elaboration of analog/digital/power electronic and embedded microcontrollers Ability to travel domestically – up to 10% of the time Availability to work on-site (3-day a week) in Montreal-based R&D site Bilingual: English and French Demonstrated experience in design of industrial equipment such as instrumentation and controls Experience with PCB preliminary placement Good understanding of Agile working practices and Reliability Engineering 
ScrapedJobID629:
We value our people and our reputation We are locally dedicated with international scale We are future focused and challenge the status quo We foster collaboration in everything we do We have an empowering culture and hold ourselves accountable Conducting hydrologic assessments, site-wide and local area water balances, options assessments for water management infrastructure, hydraulic and streamflow evaluations, and design of water diversions and control structures. Participating in surface water resources projects, including watershed management, impact assessments, natural channel design, flood mapping, and environmental compliance and permitting; Performing quality assurance / quality control duties and managing sediment and erosion control related to construction of water management infrastructure; Conducting field studies involving flow measurements and water quality sampling, and supporting groundwater and geotechnical site investigations; Entering, analyzing, and managing various surface water data ; Watershed and hydraulic modelling to support assessments and design; and Other duties as required. A Bachelor’s Degree in Civil Engineering or Environmental Engineering from an Accredited University is required, and a post graduate degree is preferred. 7 years minimum experience in surface water management projects Eligibility to register as an Engineer with relevant provincial professional organization Experience with hydrologic and hydraulic analyses. Understanding of water balances, including experience developing models using GoldSim software. Familiarity with hydrology, hydraulics, database and GIS software. Experience in river engineering, fluvial geomorphology and scour analysis, and exposure to environmental impact assessments and surface water monitoring programs. Experience within the mining, infrastructure, and/or power sectors. Strong analytical and communication skills. Valid driver’s license. Excellent technical writing skills. An ability to manage time and resources effectively. 
ScrapedJobID630:
Collaborates with business, software and systems personnel to develop comprehensive Quality Assurance Plans describing the testing approach to be taken, and outlining the test scenarios to be executed. Writes and executes test cases; documents and monitors defects. Works collaboratively with business units to ensure effective and appropriate test coverage. Ensures compliance with policies and procedures relating to QA inputs and outputs; ensures documentation has been reviewed and signed off appropriately. Communicates test progress, test results, and other relevant information to project stakeholders and management. Cultivates and disseminates knowledge of quality assurance best practices. Assists in the development and improvement of QA processes. Performs other related duties as required by ITG management. Develops and maintains expertise in quality assurance tools and methodologies; keeps up-to-date on trends, products and systems impacting the financial industry and CCS. Within the domain of the assigned project, understands the products and the issues. Learns and uses testing tools such as macros, automated testing tools and data comparison tools to increase test effectiveness Works as a coach and mentor to develop the skills of the business users assigned to perform application testing. Works in close collaboration with business analysts, developers, project leaders, systems engineers and business users. Provides timely third-level support in the analysis and resolution of production issues Minimum 3 - 5 Years of Job-Related Experience Bachelor's Degree or a diploma requiring 3 - 4 years of full-time study. Quality Assurance methods; QA planning, approaches to testing, defect identification and resolution Various relevant sub-disciplines; project management, software development, system development, security, and database theory. Systems Life Cycle and Software Lifecycle concepts Comprehension of change management, release management and configuration management concepts CCSCU's application platforms; client/server architecture; voice, data and communications experience with CCSCU's specific hardware, infrastructures and technologies. Testing tools (e.g. Rational Robot), Moderate-Advanced Excel , XML Spy and data comparison tools. Solid knowledge and experience with waterfall and agile methodology. Application development and/or scripting knowledge and experience would be an asset. Prior financial inductry experience, preferable credit card domain. Excellent attention to detail with strong analytical, problem solving and troubleshooting skills. Experience working with and managing offshore testing resources. Ability to maintain strategic relationship with internal customers (QA director, Infrastructure, Architecture etc.) 
ScrapedJobID631:
Engage frequently with customers to understand their needs and values In coordination with engineering leadership, engage as needed with partners to understand their capabilities and needs Identify, specify, document, and groom product requirements in a timely manner Analyze the business opportunities and new product concepts Create and refine product strategies to expand and improve their product line, as well as other products in the company portfolio on a project basis Help establish product roadmaps Manage the entire product lifecycle from conception to launch including: ideation, business case, specification, prioritization, design, implementation, quality assurance, launch, and support Work with engineering and hardware teams to bring the products to market by establishing priorities, resolving bottlenecks and addressing open product issues Work with marketing to create go-to-market plans, positioning, messaging, metrics, and all elements related to the business case Work with sales to help sell the product by providing subject matter expertise and demonstrations of business value to the customer Define and track metrics to understand product success Grow product usage, retention, engagement, and revenue At least 4 years of product management or product design experience with a focus on turnkey software, SaaS, and/or video-centric and/or other high-tech products BA/BS in Computer Science, Design (UX), Business, or related technical field or equivalent practical experience Experience with either software or electronic hardware products used as tools by end users Experience with Agile software development, including scrum processes, user stories, and other Agile related processes and techniques Distinctive problem solving and analytical skills with the ability to evolve product strategy and tactics based on research, data and industry trends Understanding of the technical architecture of complex and highly scalable web, mobile or video applications is desired Demonstrated desire to take ownership of and ability to work an assignment or issue to completion, not just the next step, while being supported within an integrated team Effective written and oral communication skills 
ScrapedJobID632:
Administer quality assurance inspections and tests on materials, products, components, parts and process according to established quality control methods to ensure quality standards are met and maintained as per customer requirements. Operates various test equipment and machines to verify reliability of parts as required, and maintains accurate quality records. Maintains all documentation and/or paperwork relevant to day-to-day activities. Assigns all rejected material to appropriate areas and update the records. Analyzes rejection reports and conducts analysis to determine root cause. Reports any discrepancies on non-conformances to management. Conducts and maintains documentation relating to: Audit of First-Off inspection of all processes in assigned area at the beginning of the shift as per First-Off procedure. Audit of In-Process inspection of each process in assigned area as per the In-Process procedure Audit of Final inspection of all finished boxes in assigned area as per Final inspection procedure. Assists in implementing Statistical Process Controls (SPC) and maintains reports. Assists in establishing the standard process parameters. Provides required training and material to Operators. Provides support to Quality Engineering. Participates in providing suggestions to reduce costs and improve processes. Maintains Reliability test requirements – verifies & maintains calibration of equipment and records. Adheres to IATF 16949 requirements by documenting all activities. Any other reasonable request made by management. Minimum 3 years work experience in automotive/manufacturing industry Minimum 2 years previous experience in a Quality Assurance environment Sound metrology and Statistical Process Control (SPC) knowledge Knowledge of various testing methods (i.e. reliability testing, hardness tester, caliper, micrometer, Torque test, Weld penetration, cut & etch test, test sample preparation & microscope measurement, Various Destructive Test Methods, Ultrasonic Test, etc.) General operating knowledge of Coordinate Measuring Machine (CMM) Effective use of problem-solving and decision-making skills Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal Sound analytical skills and mathematical aptitude Ability to read blueprint drawings & Customer Specifications Works effectively in a team-based environment Computer skills, i.e. Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Minitab, Gage calibration Software, etc. High School Diploma and / or Skill Trades at the minimum. 
ScrapedJobID633:
Design functional test cases that verify requirements and validate functionalities; Create, maintain and complete a growing and robust suite of automated end-to-end test cases, using internal tools and processes; Participate in all aspects of testing an e-commerce platform. This includes functional review, functional and regression test planning, bug tracking and reporting in an Agile environment; Analyze the needs and estimate the effort to test a specific functionality (“User story”); Execute all levels of testing, including functional testing, regression testing, smoke testing, exploratory testing and load testing; Report bugs and incidents to the development team (Azure DevOps tool); Collaborate with developers to improve the quality of deliverables and ensure business needs are met; Identify opportunities for improvement and recommend solutions to optimize and evolve processes and work methods; Actively contribute to the growth of our product knowledge base and interface with external audiences and internal teams as required. Robust experience with Selenium, TestNG and Maven; Hands-on experience with rigorous execution of test cycles from start to finish; Experience working hands-on in software development teams (SCRUM and Agile methods). Passionate about the web, e-commerce, online payment solutions, social networks (Facebook, etc.) and online search engines (Google, etc.); Able to work on multiple priorities simultaneously. Knowledge of the Azure DevOps tool; Knowledge of the Microsoft Azure environment; Experience in C#, HTML, JavaScript, JQuery, CSS Selector, XPath; Knowledge of automated testing Cypress; Familiar with Microsoft SQL Server and T-SQL; Knowledge of object-oriented programming (OOP). Bachelor’s degree or college diploma; Three (3) to five (5) years of experience in software quality assurance. A flexible work schedule (37.5 hours/week) in a friendly and dynamic environment; Possibility of teleworking after the pandemic, no minimum number of days in the office will be imposed; Work equipment provided while working from home; Competitive salaries; Full group insurance plans upon hiring; Stock purchase plan after three (3) months; Minimum 3-week vacation; Paid vacations between Christmas and New Year’s Day; Five sick days; Two personal floating days. 
ScrapedJobID634:
A competitive salary A great place to work with free parking, a dynamic team and cohesion. Its near to public transit Flexible working hours and the possibility to work from home. We will pay an allowance per month for any sports-related activity that keeps you in shape. Your health and wellbeing are important ! We’ll even pay for your membership fees if you are in a specific field governed by an Order. We pay 50% of your insurance plan’s cost. Offices are all over the world with the possibility of mobility We organize lots of social activities Design/Code/Test build Java/JEE software supporting Web UI/Ajax and REST web services Assists/help quality assurance team in delivering the highest level of quality Use techniques/patterns for scaling and upping the Orchestrator performance levels Bring up ideas/suggestions on how to accomplish goals. Strong design skills in realizing scalable software solutions is definitely an asset. 3 years of JDK 8 and up experience with JEE practical experience in a customer-facing environment Object oriented design & implementation with design patterns Akin to TDD process or similar experience with Junit/TestNG Debugging and troubleshooting skills in a multi-tiered software platform Java/Spring/Spring boot/Maven/JPA/Spring Rest Application servers such as Glassfish/Payara/WebSphere/WebLogic Relational database design (Oracle/PostgreSQL/MySQL) Experience in web application/Ajax type of user interface Experience with Virtual Machine, Docker containers an asset. Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Gym sur place Horaires flexibles Programmes de Bien-être Stationnement sur place Tenue Décontractée Travail à Distance 8 Heures DEC (Obligatoire) Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID635:
Write test plans and test cases throughout the development lifecycle Ensure test plans thoroughly cover all requirements and use cases Plan, schedule and perform manual and automated software tests Develop automated regression test suites using automated testing tools Foster a continuous improvement approach to QA activities Review tools implementations and encourage best practices and sound design principles while remaining practical and deadline driven Work closely with development to perform early testing on components prior to integration builds Assists and actively participates in the communication between local and offshore development and QA teams, ensuring knowledge is shared efficiently Manage defect tracking; monitor and report results Report QA status, as appropriate, to keep project stakeholders informed on deliverables and timelines Train other departments on the use of custom developed tools Other duties as assigned You have a BS in computer science or related field You have a minimum of 5-10 years’ experience as QA Engineering role You have knowledge of software development life cycle, methodologies and testing You have experience with cloud technologies and modern pipelines is an asset You have solid knowledge of quality assurance techniques, testing concepts, methodologies and tools You have expert ability to apply quality assurance knowledge to in-depth testing and test plans You have ability to apply concepts of unit, system, regression, product, integration and accepting testing You have excellent analytical skills with the ability to investigate and research multiple sources You have excellent interpersonal and oral/written communication skills You have knowledge of Python/Bash is an asset You have knowledge of Cloud technologies is a very important asset You have experience in automation testing or coding or backend services is an asset You have advanced knowledge of SQL and NoSQL databases You have knowledge of trading systems and trading concepts, particularly within the equities realm, is considered an asset You have experience with testing high performance systems is an asset You have ability to adapt and learn quickly with any testing tool You have excellent working knowledge of LINUX/UNIX and Windows environments You have advanced understanding of automation testing methodologies You have programming skills 
ScrapedJobID636:
Tchèque Exécuter et mettre à jour des scénarios de test. Vérifier la qualité de la traduction, ainsi que l'uniformité et la correction du langage employé pour les produits et jeux conformément aux spécifications fournies . Signaler les erreurs selon les exigences du projet. Effectuer des analyses de produits approfondies dans le cadre de l'expérience de jeu et de test afin de mieux en comprendre le fonctionnement, de recueillir de la rétroaction et de fournir des suggestions d'amélioration. Acquérir une connaissance des méthodologies de test et du marché du jeu vidéo. Partager vos connaissances avec les autres membres de l'équipe de test. Accomplir les tâches administratives assignées par le superviseur. Effectuer d'autres activités nécessaires à l'exécution de travail conformément
aux instructions du superviseur. Suivre les procédures associées à l'emploi. Aptitudes de rédaction et de communication dans l'une des langues cibles Une année d'expérience en localisation ou en localisation de jeux vidéo Bonne connaissance du marché du jeu vidéo et des méthodologies de test, et passion pour ce domaine Capacité à bien communiquer en anglais Études dans le domaine des langues ou de la technologie de préférence Bonne maîtrise du suivi des tests d'assurance qualité, des outils de localisation et de MS Office Excellentes aptitudes en communication Accès et participation à l'un des jeux sur ordinateur les plus populaires au monde. Accès au matériel et aux logiciels utilisés aux fins du projet. Accès aux fichiers du projet et droits d'administrateur. Occasion de travailler avec un chef de file mondial en croissance dans les services liés aux jeux vidéo. Accès aux toutes dernières technologies des jeux vidéo. Possibilité de contribuer à bâtir la meilleure organisation en matière de test au monde. Travail au sein d'une équipe créative et dans un environnement convivial. Perspectives de perfectionnement professionnel dans un environnement multiculturel : Lionbridge compte des bureaux dans plus de 20 pays, et ces bureaux collaborent régulièrement sur des projets, ce qui fait découvrir à nos employés toutes sortes de cultures et de méthodes de travail. Accès à une plateforme de formation. Czech Execution and updates of test cases. Testing product/game translation quality, consistency and language correctness according to given specifications. Reporting bugs in line with project requirements. In-depth product analysis as part of playing and testing for better understanding of its functioning and gathering feedback, providing suggestions for product improvements. Acquiring knowledge on testing methodologies and video game market. Sharing knowledge with other members of testing team. Performing administrative tasks assigned by the supervisor. Performing other activities necessary for the proper conduct of work in accordance with the
supervisor's instructions. Observing procedures related to the job. Have native writing and speaking abilities in one of the target languages Have 1 year of experience in Localization or Game Localization Have good knowledge and passion of video game market and testing methodologies Have communicative English Preferred education - in languages or technology Have good command of test tracking, support tools and MS Office Have excellent communication skills Access/make impact to one of the most played PC games in the world Access to hardware and software used for the purposes of the project Access to project files with administrative rights. Opportunity to work with a fast-growing global leader in Games services. Access to the latest gaming technology Opportunity to help us build the best global testing organization Work in a creative team and friendly environment. Professional development opportunities in a multi-cultural environment- Lionbridge has offices in over 20 countries and many of these offices work collaboratively on projects, exposing our employees to a wide range of cultures and work styles. Access to training platform. 
ScrapedJobID637:
Prepare review and notice to reader engagements in Caseware Prepare adjusting entries and financial statements Prepare account summaries and reconciliations Complete corporate tax returns and liaise with our tax professionals Assist managers with client meeting preparation Prepare correspondence to clients and the Canada Revenue Agency Respond to other duties as required Qualifications & Behavioral Competencies A university degree in accounting A college diploma in accounting with a minimum of 3 years of work experience Must have strong attention to detail Must be able to work under pressure and meet deadlines Must have good interpersonal skills and able to liaise with clients, staff and outside parties Must have initiative Must be a team player Must be bilingual Proficiency in Excel required Accounting software knowledge with Sage or similar would be considered an asset 2-4 years of work in an accounting position would be considered an asset Support and coaching from some of the most engaging colleagues in the industry Learning opportunities to develop new skills and progress your career The freedom and flexibility to handle your role in a way that’s right for you 
ScrapedJobID638:
Interpret production order information, including material grade, size, thread description, part description. Understand the sequence of operations for a production order. Support Machinists with setup of premium gauges to required specifications and standards for manufacturing, proficiently and accurately. Review documents, drawing numbers and revisions, material requirements, stamping requirements, ensuring current version is being referenced. Read and interpret drawings, including understanding stamping/ stenciling information from drawings. Use measuring instruments and gauges to ensure product quality standards are being met. Perform efficient receiving inspection, first off, in-process and last-off inspections of CNC and manual manufactured parts. Maintain and file clean, and fully completed inspection sheets for Argus and customer product. Verify calibration of instruments and gauges used are up to date. Undertake inspections and complete inspection reports for special processes including, swaging, stress relief, abrasive blasting, phosphating and torques. Phosphate tank testing. Responsible for final inspection, including verification that all required processes and all final documentation is completed and ready for shipment. Verify documentation complies with all customer requirements at time of shipping. Provide completed document package to shipping. Report and record all Non-conforming (NCR) products to the QA Supervisor. Provide peer training to new employees in QA department. Provide general QA and shop assistance as required. 3+ years’ experience in a Quality assurance/ control position preferred. High School Diploma required. Meet vision examination requirements of ASNT spec SNT-TC-1A. Working knowledge of all required measuring instruments, optical comparator, work instructions and Licensor specifications. Quality System and Licensor training as required. Competent using computer software including Microsoft Office, Adobe and Dynamics AX. General knowledge of products and services in relation to the oil and gas industry. Strong knowledge of safe work practices, Quality Assurance requirements, and Continuous Improvement (Lean Manufacturing) principles and the ability to impart that knowledge to others 
ScrapedJobID639:
This person serves as a hands on Test Lead and own all technical testing activities and services related to credit cards – both application level & retail cards Lead all Testing activities (Test planning, Design, Execution, Defect Management) for different Streams in parallel Coordinate with Business & Technical stakeholders to run SIT/UAT for different streams Prepare Test Plans, Schedules & Strategies Act as a test subject matter expert for technical solution and functional areas within the application and associated projects Develop or assist in developing strategic/tactical testing deliverables such as Test Strategies & Plans across multiple lines of business Perform requirements analysis and quality risk analysis Perform high-level and detailed test estimates Accountable for monitoring and reporting test progress & status to CGI/Client project management & executive stakeholders Oversee the development of test conditions/scenarios and traceability matrix(ces) for multiple teams Lead and coach manual/automated testing analysis and design Oversee the identification and preparation test data & manage Test data during the course of the project Manage tasks and assignments to onshore, nearshore, off shore team members Monitor and manage completion of assigned testing scope and deliverables Ensure all quality processes are followed Facilitate and run defect triage meetings for multiple initiatives Communicate progress of testing activities to the Test Manager or directly to client stakeholders Produce internal and client facing status reports, as required Perform additional system testing-related activities, as required Participate in and facilitate lessons learned reviews Collaborate with client team to collect, create, present, maintain, and store knowledge assets Maintain solid understanding of software testing best practices, methodologies and terminology Bachelor Degree in Computer Science Industry recognized testing certification(s) Minimum 7+ yrs working in Software Testing, Quality Assurance Minimum 4+ yrs leading test teams Minimum 3+ yrs working on projects in the banking domain, specifically credit cards Minimum 4+ yrs working with HP ALM or a similar Test Management Tool Ability to present Test Plans, Strategies, Test cases/execution results to Client stakeholders & steer Defect Triage meetings Strong interpersonal skills Strong written and oral and comprehension communication skills Positive attitude Flexibility, self-motivated, mature and has the ability to give and receive feedback Ability to working effectively and collaboratively with others to achieve common goals Able to multitask effectively Have excellent time management, task planning and prioritization skills Able to adapt quickly to changing client requirements Able to work effectively with minimal supervision Ability to build strong relationships with clients and team members Agile Testing HP ALM UFT Jira management software 
ScrapedJobID640:
Competitive compensation package Excellent health & dental benefits Growth and career development opportunities A flexible, fun environment that promotes healthy work-life balance Remote work option Work with a young, energetic team of professionals who are top in their field. Work with Director of Products to plan product roadmap into actionable items and features. Prepare product requirement specifications, outline business workflows, and define acceptance criteria. Manage and prioritize product backlog based on the product roadmap, including user stories, technical debt items, feature and bug backlog, and other tasks identified by the team Own and manage product release processes, including developing appropriate communication plans and documentation for internal and external stakeholders for product releases Collect and analyze client feedbacks Analyze product usage data and make recommendations on bug fixes, improvements, or new features to build Conduct market surveillance research on industry trends, competitor info, and regulatory requirements Manage the overall planning, execution, and delivery of several concurrent projects Track project status as well as manage and escalate project issues and risks as appropriate. Prepare documentation and reports for internal and external stakeholders. Work with key stakeholders to define product roadmap and plan features into the scope of specific projects. Work closely with development teams to ensure scope and user stories are fully understood. Work with the quality assurance team to define the testing plan, test scenarios, and test cases. Work with other internal teams on product release and launch activities. Other duties as may be required and assigned by the Director of Product Management University degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineers, Electrical Engineering or related field 5+ years of managing software projects, preferably cloud software projects Highly organized with a demonstrated ability to manage a high volume of work Excellent time management skills as well as the ability to work independently and handle multiple projects simultaneously Excellent written/verbal communication skills Ability to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical individuals Detail-oriented, self-motivated, and highly organized with solid problem-solving skills High level of interpersonal skills to work effectively in a geographically and time-zone dispersed team Knowledge of the Dental Industry is preferred Knowledge and mastery of the Agile and Scrum theories/methodologies is strongly preferred Experience working with issue tracking systems such as JIRA is a plus Certified Scrum Master (SCM), Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO), and/or Certified Project Manager (PMP) is a plus 
ScrapedJobID641:
3+ years in a bookkeeping position. Experience with a Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Tool would be an asset. Experience with QuickBooks Desktop would be an asset. Experience with Microsoft 365 & SharePoint would be an asset. A postsecondary diploma, or degree, or equivalent experience in accounting or bookkeeping. QuickBooks certification would be an asset. Full AR lifecycle including invoicing, processing payments, credit checks and overdue account management. Full AP lifecycle including purchase orders, bill processing and payments. Full-cycle bookkeeping including reconciliations, banking, statement reconciliation, journal entries, tax filing, fixed assets, cashflow management and reporting. Full monthly lifecycle customer invoicing, reconciliation, and inventory management. Liaison with all departments and divisions for invoicing and customer billing issues. Prioritize and manage multiple projects simultaneously and follow through on issues in a timely manner. Quality assurance is critical. Administrative tasks including reporting, month-end reconciliation, and status updates. Maintain all committed agreements and contracts for compliance and renewal management. Participate in weekly admin. meeting and be prepared to update financial information as requested. Typical weekly reporting consists of cashflow analysis and accounts receivable overview. Maintain financial procedures and update as required. Proper discretion when handling a variety of confidential documents in digital or print form. Other related duties as needed. Assigned Administration Key Performance Indicators (KPIs). Accounting Quality Accounting Lifecycle Cashflow Ratio P.A.D. to Process Billing Not Responded Billing Under Review Unposted Docs Invoices to Send Unbilled Time/Product/Agreements Days Outstanding Inventory Reconciliation Customer Satisfaction Rating KPI. Timesheet & Absence Ratio KPIs. Direct Manager Assessment & Feedback. Adherence to Employment Policies. Adherence to Health & Safety Policies including Covid-19 Vaccination Policy. Adherence to Office Security Policies. Proficient in Microsoft Office including Word, Excel, and Outlook. Proficient knowledge of standard office practices, procedures, and equipment. Experience with Customer Relationship Management (CRM) systems. Proven experience with bookkeeping. Experience with QuickBooks Desktop is an asset. Experience with Payment Processing software such as Telpay for Business is an asset. Experience with remote deposit capture cheque scanning is an asset. Experience with digital file storage and scanning is an asset. Proficient in the English language, excellent written and oral communication skills. Exceptional customer service abilities, attention to detail and strong relationship building capabilities. Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to work with clients and co-workers in a professional manner with a positive, can-do disposition. Knowledge of basic business communication, including writing, editing and formatting skills. Proficient discretion in handling confidential information in digital or print form. Ability to establish priorities, work independently, and proceed with objectives without supervision. Ability and willingness to adapt to procedures and a drive to learn. Great attention to detail. Staying focused during highly repetitive tasks. High levels of patience and tolerance. Self-directed and be able to manage competing priorities in a fast-paced environment. Must be self-motivated and confident. Driven personality with an extroverted and confident approach to working with customers. Ability to analyze processes and information, identify problems and trends, and develop effective solutions and strategies. Commitment to providing exceptional service to customers and support to staff members. Ability to work in a dog friendly workplace. Up to 3 months on boarding requirement to work independently. Training & Administration Department Policies & Procedures. Training & Certification Requirements: ConnectWise Manage Finance Manager Purchasing Rep Service Engineer QuickBooks Desktop Telpay for Business Remote Deposit Capture Microsoft Teams Microsoft SharePoint Online Accessible Workplace CyberSAFE Microsoft Excel Levels 1, 2 (+6mo) Microsoft Word Levels 1, 2 (+9mo) Microsoft PowerPoint Levels 1 (+12mo) 
ScrapedJobID642:
Analyze customer requirements and design specifications, participate in product review meetings to provide identified suggestions and feedback. Build and maintain test environments and test data as needed. Write and maintain detailed and effective test plans. Maintain accurate test logs on all performed tests and related results. Execute functional, fix verification, regression, compatibility, system, integration, performance, and usability types of testing as required. Conduct back-end testing, execute SQL queries, and inspect data. Create and execute automation scripts. Create detailed defect reports and follow up on identified defects up until complete resolution. Assist developers in diagnosis and replication of product defects and failures. Provide timely status updates to QA Lead for all assigned tasks. Act as a resource to more junior staff and provides them with orientation/knowledge on specific product areas. Follow established quality processes and procedures and constantly contributing to improvement of the quality standards. Solid understanding of quality assurance and testing methodologies relative to software development lifecycle. Knowledge of automated testing tools. Bachelor’s degree or diploma in Computer Science or a related business discipline. 3-5 years of ERP software testing experience with a preference to Microsoft Dynamics GP, Business Central, or Finance & Operations, or related experience in applied business/accounting workflow. Experience with agile software development life cycle and software testing methodologies. 
ScrapedJobID643:
Independently organize, conceptualize and conduct large, advanced spatial analyses as team member Work with GIS Manager to design and effectively employ geospatial solutions on regulatory and permitting elements of infrastructure and transportation planning projects Prepares quality assurance plans for GIS task and oversees their implementation Create maps, databases, and other deliverables on short notice Develop vector and raster spatial analysis models using Spatial ModelBuilder, Python or other GIS scripting languages Develop geodatabase schemas and analysis methods needed to support project goals Develop and support web GIS applications using Esri Web App Builder, Operations Dashboards, Story Maps, Collector, Survey 123 within ArcGIS Online platform Create maps, databases and other deliverables on short notice Site travel will be required 20% of the time within Ontario (mostly GTA) Perform other duties as needed 3 years of experience and knowledge with developing GIS databases and maintaining GIS data with ESRI and FME software Advanced knowledge of GIS tools and methodologies for administration of corporate GIS databases Advance knowledge of ESRI tools including ArcGIS Pro and ArcGIS Online/Enterprise Working experience scripting using Java, SQL and Python Experience with Autodesk software Experience with presentation and graphic design tools for the production of professional quality mapping output products Strong organizational, time management and interpersonal skills Proven analytical and problem solving abilities; including experience creating analytical based reports Strong interpersonal, written and oral communication skills 
ScrapedJobID644:
Organize and analyze large scale mutation data from tumor genome sequencing in a clinical setting Work closely with the lab and software teams to maintain data integrity Perform analysis of mutations across patient cohorts for quality control and to identify population-level patterns Use standard tools and computational frameworks to visualize, browse and statistically analyze distributions of mutations and clinical covariates Prepare statistically motivated plots of mutation data for presentation Develop approaches to identify anomalous distributions that can be leveraged in quality control processes Compile reports for partners and collaborators. Education: You hold a Master’s degree in bioinformatics, data science, biostatistics or equivalent Industry experience: 3+ years experience working in a clinical or research setting related to cancer genomics applied to tumor tissue analysis and/or cell-free DNA/liquid biopsy. Linux/UNIX: Experienced in working with command-line interfaces. Coding: Proficient with Python (desirable) or other statistical languages such as R. Databases: 1+ years experience in SQL databases, with experience aggregating data within and across patient cohorts. NGS: Experienced handling NGS data including the quality control/quality assurance. Cancer genomics: Facility with cBioPortal interfaces and tools and relevant API-level packages in R or Python to analyse and interpret somatic mutations in cancer. Tech-savvy: Experienced with standard NGS analysis tools such as samtools, alignment software (e.g. BWA or bowtie), and variant detection (e.g. GATK, samtools). Added bonus if you have experience with GitHub and cloud-based computing such as AWS. Attention to detail: Uncompromisingly meticulous with the execution of analysis. Interpersonal skills: Excellent communication skills– written, verbal and non-verbal. You’re considerate and have the ability to develop cooperative relationships with your team members. Organized: Have the ability to organize yourself and set priorities. 
ScrapedJobID645:
Review and understand product specifications and feature requirements Identify and create test plans and test strategies to ensure that translators can access and verify their translations in context during linguistic review Contribute to test automation efforts Assist in maintaining the translation team’s test methodology and test data setup Provide concise and accurate documentation of software defects and issues via bug-tracking software (JIRA) to product management, and application and tools engineering teams Support translators on use of translation tools Identify organizational and test data needed to support new functionality and new languages Acquire and maintain technical knowledge as well as product knowledge to offer support to translators Work with the technical translations team to identify issues with and enhancements to the translation tools Learn, if not already known, various translation tools Interact effectively with all stakeholders, including peers, translators, developers, product managers, and application QA team members Help pinpoint potential improvements to processes, or other aspects of our localization Clear and effective communication skills Minimum of 5+ years’ experience in the localization industry A degree in Translations or Computer Science, or equivalent work experience Functional knowledge of Human Capital Management (HCM) business applications a big plus. Experience scripting test automation. Flexibility to respond and react to changing priorities quickly and efficiently. Exceptional analytical, troubleshooting and problem-solving skills Understanding of software development life cycle Understanding of quality assurance methods and testing principles Experienced with software testing environments for web-based products and mobile applications Fluency in English and one other language A collaborative and enthusiastic personality Attitude and aptitude to be successful in a growing and rapidly changing company with new products and functionality continually emerging. Computer Software Human Resources Information Technology & Services Engineering Information Technology 
ScrapedJobID646:
Prepare and assisting conceptual Design of the complex projects. Detailed designs of for following balance of plant system:
Generation Station service AC and DC power distribution system including motor controls.
Protection and Control System.
Grounding systems.
Powerhouse LV building services system (Fire Alarm, Lighting, security and access control, HVAC) MV/LV cable system.
Cable tray systems.
Instrumentation. Generation Station service AC and DC power distribution system including motor controls. Protection and Control System. Grounding systems. Powerhouse LV building services system (Fire Alarm, Lighting, security and access control, HVAC) MV/LV cable system. Cable tray systems. Instrumentation. Prepare detailed specifications for following components and system:
MV Switchgear including generator circuit breakers.
LV Station Service Equipment.
Generator Step-up Transformers and station service transformers.
High Voltage AIS and GIS Equipment. MV Switchgear including generator circuit breakers. LV Station Service Equipment. Generator Step-up Transformers and station service transformers. High Voltage AIS and GIS Equipment. Prepare protection and control panel layouts and schematics drawings Electrical Protection Systems and SCADA System. Prepare Power Single Line Diagram, Relay and Metering One-line diagram. Prepare AC three-line diagram, Elementary Schematics and Wiring diagrams. Prepare Bills of Materials and Cable Schedules. Using ETAP software for short circuit, grounding, load flow and arc flash calculations. Calculations and preparation of protection relay settings. Preparation of testing and commissioning procedures. Prepare the design basis memorandum and detailed engineering scope and guide the assigned discipline engineers to align the engineering deliverables according to project requirements. Work closely with peers and other discipline designers to ensure accurate delivery that will meet utility Standards, industry standards and meet good engineering practices, policies and procedures. Maintain complete project documentation. Maintain good working relationship with internal groups that support the project. A degree in Electrical Engineering from a recognized Institution. A minimum of 3-10 years strong experience in the power generation or/and utility section. Good knowledge of North American codes and standards such as CSA, IEEE and ANSI. Proficiency ETAP and Microsoft Office software. A Professional Engineer registered (or eligible for registration) with EGBC (British Columbia) or registered EIT. Good written and verbal communication skills. Opportunity to work on various projects of various sizes. Competitive salary. Motivational financial package & flexible benefits. Defined contribution pension plan in which SNC-Lavalin contributes. Work equipment provided according to the season (boot, bib, helmet, gloves, etc.). Employee Share Ownership Plan (ESOP). Employee Assistance Program (EAP). Learning and Development programs, training, career opportunities. 
ScrapedJobID647:
A safe and clean; GMP regulated work environment Opportunities for career growth and development A competitive wage/salary Incentive bonus programs that are designed to reward employees for their individual contributions Benefit programs designed to support our employees and their families, including a comprehensive health & dental benefits package, group RRSP matching program, direct access to healthcare and well-being programs, and paid time off Employee training and organizational development programs including tuition reimbursement, internal mobility programs, and employee recognition programs Develop and maintain Site Controlled Substances Oversight Program as per Health Canada Requirements Ensure timely submissions and communications with the Office of Controlled Substances Assist Senior Qualified Person in Charge (S/QPIC) with development and completion of all the Program associated SOPs, documents and forms Lead and guideA/QPICs and ensure their effective execution of responsibilities Ensure correct design of the storage cage, its secure access and appropriate periodically checked surveillance system Ensure appropriate establishment of the Chain of Signature process and timely carrier vendor qualification Assist in investigations associated with Controlled Substance transportation, storage and destruction Ensure timely destruction of the controlled substance products including completion and archival of all the necessary documentation Execute appropriate actions in the case of Controlled substance shortage, counterfeit and theft Initiate and monitor all CAPAs associated with the Controlled Substances Oversight Program Host Office of Controlled Substances inspections and execute all necessary follow up actions and communications Perform Lead Auditor role in the audits associated with Controlled Substances Oversight Program including external Warehouse facilities, Contract Manufacturing sites, and Brampton site self-inspection audits of all the departments involved into controlled substances handling activities Review all the configuration data entered into the LIMS system, provide feedback on the common errors to the LIMS management team Approve all the Change Controls associated with LIMS data entries Ensure that LIMS system entries have been configured as per the latest version of the test methods and specifications Support all the activities and enhancement projects associated with SAP QA Module Manage SAP system access and perform the role of the SAP QA Module Superuser Execute training to the SAP Quality Module identifying their appropriate access roles as per necessary permissions Other duties as assigned Minimum of B.Sc. chemistry or other associated discipline 5 - 7 years experience in QA in the pharmaceutical industry Experience with SAP Quality module and system associated projects Experience with cream/ointment products is preferred Experience in performing audits Experience with LIMS system as a user is an asset Previous experience with handling and management of Controlled Substances and communications with Health Canada QPIC responsibilities is an asset Bilingual (French and English) capabilities is an asset Good organizational skills, detail oriented and multi-tasking ability Excellent written and verbal skills Knowledge of applicable software Knowledgeable of pharmaceutical operations Knowledgeable of GMP, FDA and HPFBI requirements 
ScrapedJobID648:
Represent the Quality Assurance organization as a member of the Integrated Project Team, to support assigned Program/s throughout its lifecycle; to include proposal; award; planning; requirements; design; integration; test; acceptance and delivery. Implement advanced quality planning techniques to minimize project risk. Understand risk and risk management as an essential part of the quality engineering work scope. Interface with internal design and manufacturing personnel as well as program managers, supplier quality and supply chain functions. Assist in technical quality requirements, as needed. Work with manufacturing engineers, production supervision, and production personnel to facilitate a team approach to addressing product/process related quality issues Direct/train inspectors on implementation of quality tools, inspections, and new procedures. Support the functional testing of component, subassembly and final assembly configurations through design documentation and acceptance test procedures. Be the customer interface for quality related issues Perform assessments of internal processes as well as supplier processes. Use results to drive continuous improvement. Implement, interpret and utilize metrics toward process improvement activity. Ensures that corrective actions are implemented and proven to be effective. Ability to obtain and maintain DoD Secret Clearance Bachelor's degree within a technical field desired, minimum of 5 years direct related experience required. ASQ Certified Quality Engineer Certificate desired. Experience working within the aerospace, automotive and/or defense industry, preferred. Proficient in technical writing, excellent documentation skills; attention to detail is critical; ability to read and interpret engineering drawings required. Demonstrated analytical expertise including ability to plan, resolve problems effectively, and establish priorities. Understanding of AS9100, IPC, RCCA, & 5 Why analysis required. Intermediate to advanced level of computer skills in email, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Microsoft Project, and MRP. Demonstrated ability to communicate with customers and project company image to attract business. Leadership skills—people management, meeting facilitation, and customer support. Negotiation and conflict management skills together with demonstrated experience troubleshooting and problem-solving. Experience with romer arm and pc-dmis software 
ScrapedJobID649:
Are you proud of your accomplishments and value a collaborative team environment? Do you have a flair for combining art and technology to communicate ideas and information? Would you like to join an award-winning design team that is part of the most innovative news organization in the country? Possess a combination of creative and technical skills with hands on abilities in Adobe CC and 3D animation software. Maintain a good understanding of media production processes and on-air graphic technologies. Manage multiple projects simultaneously with tight deadlines and meet strong quality assurance expectations. Use good client facing skills to deal with a large number of stake-holders in satisfying their needs and take original ideas from concept to completion. With a strong creative flair, conceptualize and create daily news graphics and maintain show branding for various programs and digital platforms. Liaise with editorial staff in regard to daily production requirements and work closely with producers and directors in the creation of content for our off-air, on-air and digital platforms. Participate in and provide relevant information for daily editorial meetings. Perform other duties as required. A University degree or equivalent post-secondary education in Graphic Design or Media Arts A minimum of three years of professional graphic design and computer graphic software experience. Must be able to work various shifts as required. You are confident in your creative ability and have a keen drive to stay up to date with new and constant changes in graphic software, current design methods and practices. Must have leadership qualities to give and take direction. Advanced skills in Adobe Creative Suite, 3D Studio Max or equivalent 3D applications. A passion for story telling using 2D and 3D motion design and how they can be applied to informational graphics. Experience with Architectural Design and Virtual Set Technologies would be a definite asset. A background in Journalism or copy writing would be a plus. You are a team player with a positive can do attitude 
ScrapedJobID650:
Engineering leadership responsibility for: design, structural requirements, material properties, analysis, testing, costs, and customer validation, familiar with manufacturing process and tolerance control required for sustainable quality. Proactive product leadership in coordinating product development and launch with customer and cross functional teams using APQP and weekly meetings. Support and manage the internal development of existing and/or new company products for mass production readiness and implementation to achieve PPAP Approval. Manage production development activities from pre-production design review activities through and to production phase. Managing prototype parts, trials, PTR and tooling development leading cross functional teams to ensure project timeline are on target. Also to supporting outside vendors and managing pre-production quality and customer audits and management of sign-off activities. Must be able to plan and track program completion, pro-actively identifying resource requirements and effectively manage people when delegating work as required. Plan, schedule, coordinate and execute/overview development programs timing from concept to launch. Give direction to Product Designers as necessary for CAD/CAE (CATIA V5) functions. Develop DFMEA & DVP & R and PV plan as necessary working with Corporate Team. Schedule meetings with and give direction to other departments as required to accomplish program objectives and to meet PPAP timing. Review drawing changes, work closely with APQP Coordinator to check, approve and issue ECN, PCN, RFC as necessary according to IATF 16949 and other customer requirements. Ensure that IATF 16949/APQP requirements are met for each program as per company procedures. Prepare cost estimates for design proposals and changes to processes and tooling as required. Perform any other duties that may be specifically or generally assigned by management. Bachelors of Engineering or related work experience (5 or more years preferred). Must have knowledge of basic and advanced engineering principle and standards. Must be familiar with quality assurance principles, and advanced manufacturing processes. Must have experience in automotive industry. Ability to multi-task, good judgement, strong relationship building, leadership and organization skills. Ability to use and understand Geometric Dimension and Tolerance (GD&T). Solid knowledge of Microsoft Office Software Bachelor of Applied Science degree in Mechanical Engineering, or Mechanical Engineering Technology considered an asset. 
ScrapedJobID651:

ScrapedJobID652:
Create, maintain, execute & document both manual & automated test plans Design & implement sustainable test automation Work closely with developers on identifying, documenting, designing and enhancing the testability of new and existing features Develop and apply test strategies for current and future projects/platforms Review designs and requirements for features as a team, while providing qualitative feedback, including evaluating risk and time estimates, feature content, suggestions and improvements Communicate with developers, stakeholders and players to monitor and triage defects Investigate failure points and work with users to implement solutions 2+ years’ experience in Quality Assurance with a QA Engineering focus Experience with test driven development and automated testing Excellent programming and debugging skills in C++, C#, JavaScript & Python Skill in troubleshooting, characterizing, and describing software defects A solid understanding of QA methodologies, and best practices Experience working with telemetry and analytics to measure product health & performance Demonstrated knowledge of desktop hardware and software for Windows & macOS A deep passion for QA & Gaming An uncanny ability to break software in unexpected ways The inspiring challenge of working on pioneering ambitious projects with amazingly smart and creative co-workers A multicultural work environment that encourages growth, creativity and innovation Double work station setup and flexible work environment An active fun division that hosts regular events An excellent canteen that offers a weekly breakfast and lunch menu as well as drinks and snacks Discretionary quarterly and annual performance sharing plan Annual sports grant Mobile device and a mobile usage package Home Internet A conditional monthly transportation grant Work environment that focuses on employee well-being On-site doctor, free of charge as well as other on-site services at a discounted price Relocation Package 
ScrapedJobID653:
Execute daily operations in an effective & safe manner to exceed brand standards Assisting in increasing production output, work capacity & flexibility while reducing waste Responsible for product yields & ensuring proper organization and maintenance in the production area Scheduling, delegating, managing employees on the production line Maintain product flow efficiencies for the plant Support, improve & implement company policies & procedures Responsible for ensuring that productivity & quality goals are communicated to staff and are met or exceeded. Working closely with lead hands, in ensuring timeliness of all requests Follow production schedule closely & communicate any issues regarding production flow to the Production Planner/Analyst Monitors production processes, adjusting the production schedule as needed Analyzes team's production measures, identifying areas to improve efficiency Ensures compliance with all applicable regulatory legal standards & requirements Provide support & guidance to Lead hands, resolve work problems & recommend measures to improve productivity Document & track staff performance Completes health & Safety walk-throughs & documentation Ensure compliance by all staff of workplace safety procedure Job training & team meetings to ensure efficient and safe task performance Be able to work & contribute to a team environment Performs other related duties as required Job Type: Permanent Full-time Probationary Period: 3-months / 480 hours service time (whichever happens later) Work Location: Mississauga ON Shift Requirement: The primary shift is afternoons, starting from 12:00 pm or 2:00 pm to finish. Salary Package: TBD depends on experience level Minimum 3 years experience in manufacturing/production management, preference in the food industry Have a strong knowledge food of safety, Product quality, productivity & inventory processes Direct experience with production planning, resources allocation, employee management & team-building skills. Proficient in the use of computer software, applications Ability to communicate across a large team in a cross-functional environment Strong communication, analytical & problem-solving skills, strong leadership qualities & a get it done attitude College or university degree required, preference in business management 
ScrapedJobID654:
Design robust, highly disciplined and maintainable data migration/conversion processes; build master data repositories; develop data profiling, quality and cleansing requirements. Serve as a data quality/cleansing consultant for functional analysts to help define, estimate, and propose solutions for functional data issues. Develop proof-of-concepts and prototypes to help illustrate approaches to technology and functional problems. Contribute to designing detailed data migration/conversion strategies, approaches, and plans under the guidance of the Data Conversion Lead. Create technical design documents to communicate solutions that will be implemented by the development team. Facilitates and conducts design and code reviews for other Data Developers to ensure efficiency and adherence to development standards. Gather scope and requirements of assigned data migration/conversion units. Contributes to the development of data specifications. Build and maintain working relationships and collaborates with others to achieve client objectives. Designs, develops and programs custom software, defines detailed application specifications, standards, and diagrams and develops coding logic flowcharts. Develops overall systems design, researches and evaluates vendor supplied applications, provides customize or develop recommendations, and implements accordingly. Analyzes and reviews existing or proposed system features and integration, security, scalability and performance requirements with clients, business analysts, and team members. Manages small to medium sized projects and related budgets. Packages in house developed applications for production or integrates vendor supplied applications. Provides technical expertise, training, and consultation to other staff. Develops or modifies software application design and specific modules. Conducts testing of new or customized application modules to ensure application meets specifications. Documents functions and changes to new or modified modules, tests activities/results, error handling and backup/recovery procedures. Provides ongoing maintenance and operational support for applications. Supports software development lifecycle and applies and follows appropriate programming/development methodologies and best practices. Maintains appropriate professional designations and up-to-date knowledge of current information technology techniques and tools. Performs other related duties as required. 
ScrapedJobID655:
Supports manufacturing operations by cleaning, tear-down, evaluation and repair of existing molds within the facility. Assembling, repairing, inspecting, cleaning and polishing molds using skill and care while handling and polishing critical surfaces. Laying out, fabricating and assembling metalworking dies, molds, and machine tool fixtures by analyzing blueprints, sketches, models and engineering or shop specification. Provide constructive feedback and input to engineering regarding mold performance and preventative maintenance issues Work with the team to meet completion repair / PM dates Document cleanings, corrective actions, modifications, spare parts installed, and other relevant information for all molds within the facility Perform preventive maintenance / work orders as required Requests/Work Orders for troubleshooting molds currently in production and installed in injection molding machines. Manufactures, alters, and repairs gauges, jigs, fixtures, special machines, and other devices Responsible to ensure quality, reliability, maintainability and durability of tooling which meets or exceeds both internal and external customer requirements as directed May assist product designers by providing information about potential manufacturing difficulties with new product designs. Complete work order and inspection records & maintain records as per company policy Reads and interprets blueprints or works from verbal or written instructions, sketches, or from the actual part to be copied or fitted Maintain compliance with the quality assurance manual Review the Non-conformance Report and assists quality committee to implement corrective and preventive actions Uses precision measuring and gauging tools, performing required inspections before, during, and after machining Keep work area and equipment clean and orderly and/or follows all safety rules Hot runner function and repair including electric, hydraulic and pneumatic valve gates Update date codes on molds at the beginning of every month Operates lift truck, overhead crane, and related equipment to lift, move, and handle molds Order mold supplies, necessary tools to perform job Additional duties as required High School Diploma/GED required. 2 years of Technical or trade school preferred with an emphasis on mold making Minimum 1-year of previous experience in related position Mechanical comprehension of complex plastic injection molds a plus Knowledge and understanding of tooling drawings/specifications and engineering standards Ability to interpret and understand design software (CAD, SolidWorks, NX) Familiar with Hotrunner systems and SVG’s, able to trouble shoot Dexterity to work with precision equipment and tools, as well as have great math skills and judgement High degree of mechanical aptitude, highly focused and driven to learn Strong written and verbal communication Strong attention to detail Good problem-solving skills and ability to work with minimum supervision. Computer skills, comfortable with Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook) Able to learn & use Tooling / maintenance software Fork Lift and Crane Certifications preferred Rigging skills to manage assembled molds and mold plates safely Have your own tools Be a self-starter, be motivated, and able to work in a team environment A positive can-do attitude with willingness to learn Experience in the Automotive Industry is an asset 
ScrapedJobID656:
Certification in OpenText solution development and configuration. Experience with OpenText Content Server Extended Platform Development, Configuration, Quality Assurance and integration with line of business applications. (2+ years) Experience with installation OpenText Content Server Extended software, Includes; maintenance of product patches, day to day to health of the application ensuring maximum up-time in support of project team deliverables, deployment of changes based on planned project release plan. (2+ years) Hands-on Experience with OpentText tools and technologies in Support of solution development: OpenText Content Server v16; OpenText Content Server Modules; Extended ECM Platform v16; WebReports Workflow Extensions v16; Java JRE 8u212; Microsoft SQL Server Enterprise 2016; Integration using C# with Visual Studio 2017 (2+ years) Experience working with OpenText Workflows, Workspaces, Connected Workspaces, Web Reports, Web Forms, Templates in Livelink/Content Server. (2+ years) Experience providing optimum OpenText solution design options for development and configuration. (2+ years) Though this role can be done remotely, resource must be available for MST hours: 8:15AM-4:30PM MST Monday-Friday regardless of their current time zone. Experience with the deployment of the Open Text ECM platform includes: support for application testing, performance and operability testing, dry-runs and issue remediation. (2+ years) Experience writing and maintaining technical documentation. (2+ years) Experience with the evaluation of OpenText operational requirements, on-going maintenance and operating instructions. (2+ years) Experience with OpenText capture solutions i.e. enterprise scan, OpenText enterprise library services and content web services, OpenText directory services, OpenText integration with Siebel and enterprise wide taxonomy. (2+ years) Experience mapping, transformation and loading of documents from the line of business application to the OpenText Content Server Extended Platform (1+ year) Conceptual knowledge of trans-coding (ETL), editing, and managed file transfers. Clear understanding of database technologies and schemas. (1+ year) Knowledge of secure coding practices. (2+ years) Knowledge of information standards and applicability to business situations and problems (2+ years) Applied knowledge and experience in information modeling (e.g. visualization, semantic, functional, asset management, workflow, control objectives). (2+ years) 
ScrapedJobID657:
Support business objectives and firm values through thoughtful, timely and impactful national and local internal communications that inform, engage and excite our people. Manage, prepare, edit and distribute communications materials including newsletters, daily news stories, leadership messages and emails, website content, speaking/interview notes and executive briefing documents across our full business. Liaise with brand, digital and social experts, demand generation teams, graphic designers, translators and other internal stakeholders to develop, finalize and distribute communications. Proactively and consistently contribute ideas and creativity to brainstorming and planning discussions, as well as team meetings, with accountability to deliver against quarterly plans. Address ad hoc, quick turnaround communications requests based on business, market or public events and initiatives that arise. Remain accountable for high-quality communications that push the envelope and deliver results and continuous improvement. Collaborate and actively share information with PR, social, digital and brand teams for synchronous internal and external communications efforts for maximum impact. Measure and report on communications results to stakeholders and the wider team. A strategic and growth mindset focused on initiating new ideas and stories to elevate the EY brand and increase people engagement. Ability to think outside the box and develop engaging and innovative communications messages with a strong understanding of how best to deliver tactics across different channels. Stellar communication skills, with the ability to understand and communicate complex ideas persuasively and efficiently through digital, social, print and spoken channels. Extremely keen attention to detail, editing and proofreading skills and high-quality standards for timely product delivery. Understanding of communications measurement tools, tactics and benchmarks. Readiness and comfortability working in a very fast-paced, complex, yet dynamic work environment and ability to multitask on a variety of different projects, while operating with a sense of urgency. Strong project management skills, with the ability to manage senior stakeholders across the firm. Familiarity using communications software, such as Content Management Systems and Unily intranet platforms to post stories that reach widespread audiences. A team-player with a strong desire to learn and collaborate as part of an integrated team. Post-secondary education in communications, public relations, journalism, marketing communications or a related field. Minimum three to five years’ professional communications experience. Experience planning and supporting strategic communications campaigns. Organized and articulate, with impeccable attention to detail. Previous digital channel or social media copy development experience is an asset. Bilingualism in English and French is an asset. Support and coaching from some of the most engaging colleagues in the industry Learning opportunities to develop new skills and progress your career The freedom and flexibility to handle your role in a way that’s right for you 
ScrapedJobID658:
A self-starter, passionate about making things better and utilizing technology to enable efficiency. The person would need to be very strong technically and knows what good looks like. Strong leadership qualities and people skills and experience in leading from the front, a team of experienced Test Engineers and SDETs Should be able to guide the team of experienced QA Automation and SDETs hands-on with technical expertise Hold his/her ground with the reporting manager who himself has strong technical expertise and expects similar expertise and prowess from this role Must be able to define and justify QA automation roadmap items. Own teams overall progress and work with engineering leads to unblock teams as needed Should be able to manage stakeholders and expectations. Will be taking over from the current QA Architect deployed on the projects. Strong problem-solving skills Conducting regression testing when needed Monitoring assurance metrics and process results Test Script Designing, Updating and Execution Previous work experience as a QA Engineer, QA Tester, or relevant position in the IT department Tech-stack includes: Cypress with JavaScript & TypeScript (front-end), Super Test (API), React Native, NodeJS, RabbitMQ Complete understanding of automation systems and databases Basic knowledge of scripting and other related procedures Understanding of testing protocols Know-how of different types of testing methods like white box and black box testing Familiarity with the software development process Good analytical and troubleshooting skills Attention to detail Ability to work collaboratively Ability to manage project deadlines Good time management and organizational skill Bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science, Information Technology or related. Strong communication skills (verbal and written), is assertive . Oriented for customer satisfaction and engineering excellence. Bonus pay Monday to Friday Quality Assurance: 8 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID659:
Prepare and deliver Scrum meetings (planning, review, retro, etc.) Ensure the quality of deliverables Motivate team members and eliminate obstacles Consistently seek to improve the development teams, and apply management best-practices Follow up on several projects at a time (sprint reports, budget, calendar, billing, etc.) Lead project launch workshops Follow-up on billing issues with the finance and accounting team Bachelor's degree in Engineering or Computer Science, or relavant domain More than 3 years of experience as Scrum Master or Technical Project Management/IT experience Strong experience with Scrum/Agile methodologies Bilingualism in both French and English To acquire experience in different critical industries and projects while working for the same company; To have a competitive salary and a great benefits package (dental, life and medical insurance, RRSP matching, sick days, vacation); To access trainings that focus on expanding your knowledge while staying up to date with cutting edge technologies and best practices; To have a clear career development plan that suits your goals; To have the possibility of working abroad through our mobility program thanks to our international presence; To join a dynamic, specialized and fast-growing group where communication is key and where every team member is valued; To be part of a team where having fun is essential (team building events, 5 à 7, Marathon and more!). 
ScrapedJobID660:
Work with product management team and internal customers to understand the business requirements and transform them into scalable solutions on the Force.com platform. Determine scope and corresponding effort estimates for development projects. Perform standard Salesforce administrator tasks such as setting up users, profiles, roles, sharing rules, approval processes etc. Develop/Enhance/Maintain the integrations of Salesforce with any external systems. For any give business requirement, analyze the requirements to make the appropriate choice between point and click tools vs custom apex code. Develop high quality, reusable and maintainable code respecting the governor limits and API limits. Create and execute Unit and Integration tests ensuring proper test code coverage of above 75%. Assist with quality assurance testing, both internal testing and guiding user acceptance testing. Release management, including preparation and deployment of Salesforce Packages as well as maintaining version control. Follow established Salesforce development standards and best practices. Work with end users to troubleshoot the issues they are facing and resolving the issues in a timely manner. Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent. 3-5 years Salesforce development and administration experience Proven ability to analyze, design, and optimize business processes on Salesforce platform. Solid technical and functional knowledge of Salesforce Platform. Hands-on, in-depth experience with Salesforce.com design, configuration, and custom development using Apex Classes, Triggers, Visualforce pages, data migration tools, SOQL & SOSL. Experience with Sales and Service clouds is a must. Strong development background including reusability, unit testing, code review, source control, change sets and migration tools. Demonstrated experience and knowledge of relational databases, data modeling, and ETL tools. Experience with Agile development methodologies. Experience with web services (REST & SOAP, JSON & XML, etc.). Salesforce Developer certification(s) is preferred. Previous experience working with lightning is a plus. Previous experience working with Salesforce CPQ (Configure, Price, Quote) tool is a plus. Previous experience of using code versioning tools, such as Git/BitBucket is preferred. Ability to effectively communicate with both technical and non-technical team members. Desire to keep current on new technologies, functionality and desire to work in small fast paced collaborative environment. Excellent organizational, verbal and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID661:
Work in compliance with the Occupational Health and Safety Act and Regulations and the Company Health & Safety Roles and Responsibilities Effectively supervise General Labourers and Skilled Workers within a unionized environment Ensure all product orders are filled completely and are manufactured in accordance with the organizational standards for safety and high quality Train and coach employees to produce high quality products as set by the company’s standards Understand the production schedule to plan and assign personnel based on the daily production requirements and revise the plan as required Inform the Plant Manager of any foreseeable issues that may arise in production safety, quality, schedule or cost Report results of the shift production to the Plant Manager and track the daily labour against target Maintain time and labour allocation sheets and accurately input time and attendance data into Microsoft Excel and Kronos Ensure teams are operating at the best possible level and production goals are being achieved Look for, recommend, and implement process improvements through engagement of employees Analyze and help resolve issues brought forward by workers in accordance with Company policies and procedures and the collective bargaining agreement; discipline employees when required Liaise with other departments to ensure that plant expectations as well as internal and external customer expectations are met Minimum 3 years of manufacturing experience in the capacity of a supervisory role Minimum 3 years of experience working in a unionized environment 2 years of experience working with precast concrete Engineering technology experience is an asset Ability to read and interpret blueprints and review engineering plans Must be proficient with MS software programs such as Excel, Word, Outlook etc. Experience with Kronos is an asset Ability to assume responsibility, interface and communicate effectively with others and demonstrate strong interpersonal skills Exceptional time management and organizational skills Desire to work well in a fast-paced, deadline-driven, customer-focused environment This role follows a nonrotation shift schedule, however a flexible schedule is required as per the business operational needs 
ScrapedJobID662:

ScrapedJobID663:
Participates in day-to-day bench work activities by testing clinical and other specimens using nucleic acid technique, and evaluating and verifying results according to established procedures. Prepares stock solutions and reagents following standard operating procedures. Performs semi-automated and/or or automated nucleic acid extraction and detection by real time PCR. Responds to requests and inquiries for all referred in tests. Seeks direction as required from the Technical Coordinator(s), Team Lead, Site Supervisor Laboratory Operations Manager, or Program Head/Medical Director as appropriate on customer service issues. Performs all related functions required for the production of final reports such as preparing, testing and assessing quality control results prior to release of clinical results through the laboratory information system (LIS), troubleshoots specimen adequacy and prepares dilutions as required according to established procedures. Participates in quality assurance programs for the Analytical Section through methods such as gathering data on turnaround times (TAT) for test procedures, and monitoring performance and quality indicators. Reports occurrences according to standard operating procedures. Provides input in the development and maintenance of standard operating procedures (SOPs) for the Analytical Section and making recommendations for changes. Assists with information management, such as workload statistics, through methods such as gathering information, completing analysis and recording information. Demonstrates routine laboratory procedures to students and technologists. Performs other related duties as assigned. Maintains and documents maintenance of laboratory equipment. Recognizes and reports malfunctions in equipment. Bachelor of Science in Microbiology or related biological science relevant to the assigned section, OR Diploma in Medical Laboratory Technology and certification with the Canadian Society for Medical Laboratory Science (CSMLS) One (1) year of recent, related experience including experience in a research based laboratory or an equivalent combination of education, training and recent related experience. Demonstrate interpersonal skills including the ability to communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing in a team environment. Demonstrate attention to detail and organizational skills. Demonstrate ability to be self-motivated, manage time, and work independently. Demonstrate ability to operate related equipment and use related software. Demonstrate physical ability to perform the job. 
ScrapedJobID664:
Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Vision care 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID665:
CSS, HTML5 and JavaScript Net Environment (ASP.NET MVC) jQuery, LESS/SASS, Bootstrap, AJAX and RWD Front-End Debugging Tools (ex. Chrome) Git, JIRA, Confluence and Slack Create, integrate and maintain responsive design Collaborate in an Agile environment along with a dynamic team composed of software developers, architects, product managers and quality assurance specialists Innovate and optimize Web structure to maximize reuse and facilitate maintenance Ensure the trusty performance of our sites on all platforms: mobile, Web and tablet Configure and test the display of each site on multiple platform screens (responsive design) ensuring its compatibility with different Web browsers Optimize and improve website user experience (UX) Recommend and apply best Web practices Technical or Collegial diploma pertaining to Web Development or Multimedia Integration 7-8 years’ experience in a similar position Excellent knowledge of French and English (spoken and written) Excellent knowledge of our technologies, especially CSS and HTML Excellent Knowledge of JavaScript Knowledge of Frameworks Javascript (Angular, VueJS) Strong interest for technology watch Critical spirit related to Visual Design Ability to communicate, write and synthesize information Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Strong sense of organization and prioritizing Basic knowledge of Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator applications Competitive compensation package Comprehensive employee benefits Career Development opportunities Flexible hours and collaborative working spaces Possibilities of international assignments 
ScrapedJobID666:

ScrapedJobID667:
Reviews requirements, specifications, and designs to provide feedback on testability and defect risks. Creates detailed and comprehensive QA strategies and test plans for new product releases and legacy systems. Estimates, prioritizes, and schedules testing activities with Project Managers. Executes test plans, both manual and automated, on new product and feature releases. Performs regression testing on bugs resolved by the dev team. Coordinates user acceptance testing activities with stakeholders and helps train users to implement solutions. Profiles application performance to identify the most valuable areas of improvement for the dev team. Works with the Support Lead to triage and direct incoming support tickets. Helps the Support Team diagnose and resolve bugs and support requests. Tracks QA metrics, such as defect densities per product, to help identify the most expensive defects and direct QA resources where they will be most effective. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent preferred. A minimum of 1-2 years of experience in software quality assurance or software development on a modern platform, such as C#. Excellent understanding of QA methodologies, tools, and best practices Experience with automated testing strategies such as unit testing, or automated browser testing tools such as Selenium, is highly desired. Experience working in an Agile development process is a plus. Exposure to multiple programming languages and technologies is a plus; Our typical tech stack includes: C#, HTML/CSS/JS, SQL, Entity Framework, and JS frameworks such as Vue.js. Familiarity with SQL programming is preferred. Able to work in a fast-paced, challenging, and constantly changing environment. Must have strong oral and written communication skills. Proficiency using Microsoft Office, including Word, Excel and PowerPoint is required. Must have the ability to handle multiple projects under tight deadlines. Must demonstrate a high degree of attention to quality, details, and correctness. Must have the ability to read, write, speak, understand, and communicate in English sufficiently to perform the duties of this position. 
ScrapedJobID668:
Are you proud of your accomplishments and value a collaborative team environment? Do you have a flair for combining art and technology to communicate ideas and information? Would you like to join an award-winning design team that is part of the most innovative news organization in the country? Possess a combination of creative and technical skills with hands on abilities in Adobe CC and 3D animation software. Maintain a good understanding of media production processes and on-air graphic technologies. Manage multiple projects simultaneously with tight deadlines and meet strong quality assurance expectations. Use good client facing skills to deal with a large number of stake-holders in satisfying their needs and take original ideas from concept to completion. With a strong creative flair, conceptualize and create daily news graphics and maintain show branding for various programs and digital platforms. Liaise with editorial staff in regard to daily production requirements and work closely with producers and directors in the creation of content for our off-air, on-air and digital platforms. Participate in and provide relevant information for daily editorial meetings. Perform other duties as required. A University degree or equivalent post-secondary education in Graphic Design or Media Arts A minimum of three years of professional graphic design and computer graphic software experience. Must be able to work various shifts as required. You are confident in your creative ability and have a keen drive to stay up to date with new and constant changes in graphic software, current design methods and practices. Must have leadership qualities to give and take direction. Advanced skills in Adobe Creative Suite, 3D Studio Max or equivalent 3D applications. A passion for story telling using 2D and 3D motion design and how they can be applied to informational graphics. Experience with Architectural Design and Virtual Set Technologies would be a definite asset. A background in Journalism or copy writing would be a plus. You are a team player with a positive can do attitude 
ScrapedJobID669:
Certification in OpenText solution development and configuration. Experience with OpenText Content Server Extended Platform Development, Configuration, Quality Assurance and integration with line of business applications. (2+ years) Experience with installation OpenText Content Server Extended software, Includes; maintenance of product patches, day to day to health of the application ensuring maximum up-time in support of project team deliverables, deployment of changes based on planned project release plan. (2+ years) Hands-on Experience with OpentText tools and technologies in Support of solution development: OpenText Content Server v16; OpenText Content Server Modules; Extended ECM Platform v16; WebReports Workflow Extensions v16; Java JRE 8u212; Microsoft SQL Server Enterprise 2016; Integration using C# with Visual Studio 2017 (2+ years) Experience working with OpenText Workflows, Workspaces, Connected Workspaces, Web Reports, Web Forms, Templates in Livelink/Content Server. (2+ years) Experience providing optimum OpenText solution design options for development and configuration. (2+ years) Though this role can be done remotely, resource must be available for MST hours: 8:15AM-4:30PM MST Monday-Friday regardless of their current time zone. Experience with the deployment of the Open Text ECM platform includes: support for application testing, performance and operability testing, dry-runs and issue remediation. (2+ years) Experience writing and maintaining technical documentation. (2+ years) Experience with the evaluation of OpenText operational requirements, on-going maintenance and operating instructions. (2+ years) Experience with OpenText capture solutions i.e. enterprise scan, OpenText enterprise library services and content web services, OpenText directory services, OpenText integration with Siebel and enterprise wide taxonomy. (2+ years) Experience mapping, transformation and loading of documents from the line of business application to the OpenText Content Server Extended Platform (1+ year) Conceptual knowledge of trans-coding (ETL), editing, and managed file transfers. Clear understanding of database technologies and schemas. (1+ year) Knowledge of secure coding practices. (2+ years) Knowledge of information standards and applicability to business situations and problems (2+ years) Applied knowledge and experience in information modeling (e.g. visualization, semantic, functional, asset management, workflow, control objectives). (2+ years) 
ScrapedJobID670:
Participate in the design and development of medical devices while following a quality system in accordance with ISO 13485; Prepare engineering 3D models drawings of products and prototypes; Produce and maintain design files in a regulatory framework; Participate in risk management and audit; Develop and manage design verification and validation activities; Manage the transfer of products from design to manufacturing; Work with Agile MV customers to identify their needs and provide a consulting role throughout the life cycle of medical devices; Prepare test reports by collecting, analyzing and summarizing information; Collaborate with internal departments of Agile MV, such as quality and manufacturing departments to ensure the development of medical devices. Minimum of 3 years of experience in a similar position in the industry; Bachelor’s degree in engineering, Physical Sciences or an equivalent; Experience in risk management; Knowledge of quality and conformity systems; Experience in 3D modelling with SolidWorks software; Strong analytical skills, solutions focus in an autonomously manner; Advanced level of English and French, spoken and written; A strong team player able to contribute to discussions; Detail oriented, quality focused, meticulous and versatile individual; Adaptable, hardworking and able to work under pressure. Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Horaires flexibles REER Collectif Travail à Distance 8 Heures Du Lundi au Vendredi Quart de jour Oui 
ScrapedJobID671:
Responsible for maintaining monthly production of our Clients Data and Reporting needs Interact directly with clients or our Internal Commercial Leads, gathering information and implementing any change requests to their current reports; Working with assigned dashboards and checklists, reviewing to ensure all requirements have been captured (Quality Assurance) Collect data, analyze trends, draw conclusions and make recommendations; Build tables, graphs, and presentations using Scarsin’s proprietary tools; Perform ad-hoc support to our clients and Internal Teams Create / maintain all Production Documentation Completed a post-secondary diploma/degree in the field of Computer Science, Information Systems, Finance, Business Administration and/or Engineering fields 1-2 years of work experience within this field would be an asset Must have a strong interest and understanding of the following
Data management, data analysis and ETL process skills and concepts including data modeling and transformations
Skills in Microsoft Excel (macros, v-lookups and pivot tables) and Power Point Data management, data analysis and ETL process skills and concepts including data modeling and transformations Skills in Microsoft Excel (macros, v-lookups and pivot tables) and Power Point Maintain an up to date knowledge of emerging technologies with proven aptitude to learn new software Motivated self-starter with the ability to lead by example Excellent investigative and business problem solving skills The ability to work with rapid turnaround times and ever-changing priorities Works both autonomously and in a team environment, effectively prioritizing multiple projects and associated deliverables Preference for fast paced, rapid start-up culture demonstrating the values of results, teamwork, energy, agility, respect and can-do environment. Demonstrated sense of curiosity Experience with the following would be considered an asset for this role
Familiarity with the pharmaceutical industry
Development tools such as DAX, MDX, VBA and SQL
Hands on experience with Microsoft BI/ETL Tools (SSIS, SSAS)
Experience with any Dashboard software such as Microstrategy, Tableau, Power BI, etc. Familiarity with the pharmaceutical industry Development tools such as DAX, MDX, VBA and SQL Hands on experience with Microsoft BI/ETL Tools (SSIS, SSAS) Experience with any Dashboard software such as Microstrategy, Tableau, Power BI, etc. 
ScrapedJobID672:

ScrapedJobID673:
Work with product management team and internal customers to understand the business requirements and transform them into scalable solutions on the Force.com platform. Determine scope and corresponding effort estimates for development projects. Perform standard Salesforce administrator tasks such as setting up users, profiles, roles, sharing rules, approval processes etc. Develop/Enhance/Maintain the integrations of Salesforce with any external systems. For any give business requirement, analyze the requirements to make the appropriate choice between point and click tools vs custom apex code. Develop high quality, reusable and maintainable code respecting the governor limits and API limits. Create and execute Unit and Integration tests ensuring proper test code coverage of above 75%. Assist with quality assurance testing, both internal testing and guiding user acceptance testing. Release management, including preparation and deployment of Salesforce Packages as well as maintaining version control. Follow established Salesforce development standards and best practices. Work with end users to troubleshoot the issues they are facing and resolving the issues in a timely manner. Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent. 3-5 years Salesforce development and administration experience Proven ability to analyze, design, and optimize business processes on Salesforce platform. Solid technical and functional knowledge of Salesforce Platform. Hands-on, in-depth experience with Salesforce.com design, configuration, and custom development using Apex Classes, Triggers, Visualforce pages, data migration tools, SOQL & SOSL. Experience with Sales and Service clouds is a must. Strong development background including reusability, unit testing, code review, source control, change sets and migration tools. Demonstrated experience and knowledge of relational databases, data modeling, and ETL tools. Experience with Agile development methodologies. Experience with web services (REST & SOAP, JSON & XML, etc.). Salesforce Developer certification(s) is preferred. Previous experience working with lightning is a plus. Previous experience working with Salesforce CPQ (Configure, Price, Quote) tool is a plus. Previous experience of using code versioning tools, such as Git/BitBucket is preferred. Ability to effectively communicate with both technical and non-technical team members. Desire to keep current on new technologies, functionality and desire to work in small fast paced collaborative environment. Excellent organizational, verbal and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID674:
Oversee the collection, entry, verification, management, analysis, and reporting of data. Use statistical software to analyze data and interpret results. Design and maintain databases, data collection forms, error checking methods and related programs for efficient collection, analysis, and reporting. Modify and reconfigure databases to ensure the optimal storage of data and minimize data entry complexities. Troubleshoot moderately complex computer problems. Write data management and operations documentation for the project. Liaise between the project centre and remote project sites and personnel. Conduct structured project participant interviews. Ensure that the relevant research methodology is applied and all research material is handled in accordance with established protocols, policies, and procedures. Participate in the development of promotional strategies and related materials to encourage participation and support for research projects. Develop presentations and present information and training sessions to project personnel and project participants. Keep project participants informed of project progress through regular reports and newsletters. Gather and compile information and data required for the preparation of scientific papers, abstracts, and graphs. Conduct literature searches. Oversee the extraction and compilation of data required for reports and disseminate data to research groups and collaborating partners. Implement and maintain the research project budget. Create financial projections and make adjustments to the research project budget throughout the fiscal year. Exercise appropriate budget controls, monitor, and reconcile accounts. Write a variety of letters and memos. Participate in research project meetings and propose recommendations for scientific papers, abstracts, and graphs. Conduct literature searches. Oversee the extraction and compilation of data required for reports and disseminate data to research groups and collaborating partners. Implement and maintain the research project budget. Create financial projections and make adjustments to the research project budget throughout the fiscal year. Exercise appropriate budget controls, monitor, and reconcile accounts. Write a variety of letters and memos. Participate in research project meetings and propose recommendations for scientific papers, abstracts, and graphs. Conduct literature searches. Oversee the extraction and compilation of data required for reports and disseminate data to research groups and collaborating partners. Implement and maintain the research project budget. Create financial projections and make adjustments to the research project budget throughout the fiscal year. Exercise appropriate budget controls, monitor, and reconcile accounts. Write a variety of letters and memos. Participate in research project meetings and propose recommendations for procedure modifications and development in the areas of data management, quality control, and assurance. Write, update, and archive data management and quality assurance conventions. Respond to inquiries received from project personnel regarding relevant project issues and procedures. Bachelor's degree in a relevant field of study. Requires 2 years of relevant experience. Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
ScrapedJobID675:
Compile and analyze quality performance data Develop graphs, charts and quality reports Coordinate with Production, Program Management and Engineering to conduct product failure analysis Liaise with customers and Customer Service on quality matters and act as the customer’s representative in the certification of systems Perform internal spot audits related to the (BPMS) Business Process Management System Responsible to support incoming, in-process and final inspection tests Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Knowledge of AS9100 / ISO-9001 processes Basic understanding of statistical analysis and reporting Experience in process quality control and product testing Good working knowledge of Microsoft Office (Visio, Word, Excel, Graphing) Product-related software functionality Basic knowledge and understanding of the Opto-Electro-Mechanical assembly processes Experience with Lean Six Sigma process improvement concepts (i.e. root cause analysis, DMAIC) Process orientated mindset Minimum 5-7 years’ experience in a technical capacity Diploma in related or equivalent discipline with Quality Assurance training Experience working to government contract standards CQE or CQT is preferred Process auditing / Structure like ME or time study 
ScrapedJobID676:
Frequently operate small office equipment such as a computer, tablet, and copier/printer, telephone. Work is performed in a professional office environment. 
ScrapedJobID677:
Work closely with and support other departments in their efforts to contain, investigate, correct and root cause internal/vendor quality issues Perform visual and dimensional inspection along with functional and parametric testing according to documented policies and procedures, and create QA/QC standards where necessary Create, review and revise processes, procedures and work instructions to achieve efficiency and effectiveness Operate various test and measurement equipment. Ensure QC equipment is secure from damage or loss Read engineering drawings, datasheets and product work instructions to identify the quality expectations for finished product and assemblies, individual components and general supplies Participate in the internal audit program e.g. plan, execute, report, verify actions and close internal audits Record and report information relating to supplier performance to stakeholders Create investigation plans to determine nonconformances, causes and root causes and produce reports to stakeholders Perform sample testing of materials and verify compliance to the specifications for those materials using appropriate methods. (e.g. measuring dimensions, testing functionality, testing for parametric performance, visual etc.) Maintain quality related metrics and periodically report those metrics to stakeholders (examples of quality metrics would be the number of defective products per day, repeat occurrences of defects/non-conformances, escalations and KPIs) Document non-conformances as per auality procedures, support efforts to root cause the sources of those non-conformances and participate in the decision making process relating to the disposition of non-conforming material Develops, implements and conducts training to improve QC and QA knowledge and methodologies Support regular MRB meetings to assist supply chain/production in resolving issues Produce clear and concise QA/QC/investigation reports using but not limited to MS Office, Visio, CADD, PDF applications, JIRA Assist/support design and development/NPI to determine quality requirements for products Assist Manager, Quality and Op Ex with meeting department objectives and external QMS certification/recertification e.g. QMS revisions, NC implementation, follow-ups Perform other duties as required RELOCATION TO SASKATOON, SK A minimum of a University degree in Engineering or related field (Mechanical, Electronics, Quality or Industrial) and/or Quality assurance courses or equivalent education and experience; P.Eng. certification A minimum of 4-7 years of applied Supplier Quality Assurance experience in a medium to high volume product environment Experience with inspection sampling techniques Proven experience or relevant role working with plastics, metal and electrical/electronic components Experience reading engineering documentation, including but not limited to schematics, mechanical engineering drawings, datasheets etc. Experience working within a Quality Management System (QMS) Perform Internal audits Root cause analysis experience Perform supplier audits Computer skills, including Microsoft Word, PDF and Excel, ERP system experience Familiarity with quality testing machines and systems Strong analytical and structured problem-solving skills Application of processes and methodologies such as Six Sigma, Lean Manufacturing, Design for Manufacturability (DFM), Advanced Product Quality Planning (APQP). Gauge Repeatability and Reproducibility (GR&R) studies are considered as asset ISO9001 standard knowledge is a must, internal auditor training Ability to develop/introduce IT/IS tools/solutions Coordinating/scheduling external QMS certification audits Application of continuous improvement 
ScrapedJobID678:
Provide support related to design verification in early design phase, such as sample size, verifiability of product requirements and verification timeline Develop design verification test plans and protocols for new medical products Execute test protocols with a team of Test Technicians and Testers according to the test plan in design verification including mechanical, electrical and software testing Gain in-depth knowledge of product compliance evaluation on biocompatibility, cleaning and disinfection efficacy, chemical compatibility, sterilization validation, endoscopic standard ISO 8600, and CSA IEC 60601-1 Liaison with external lab to conduct medical devices required compliance and design verification testing Review and release external lab test protocol and report Collaborate with other team members to build, release new test jigs and/or test methods with documentation and test method validation Maintain and improve existing test system used in verification and reliability tests Organize and present adequacy reviews on design verification deliverables Provide support and conduct peer reviews on design change verification plan on sustaining projects Prepares final test reports, provide critical updates, and manage documentation meticulously Collaborate with the Systems Team and QA/RA Team on finding dispositions with patient risk assessment whenever necessary Set priorities and ensure completion within project schedule Possess strong problem-solving skills Analyze test data while focusing on important details Reconcile incongruities, create protocols and reports for product design verification and reliability Work with design engineers and SMEs on product failure symptoms to identify root cause Perform as a fully qualified Test Engineer concentrating on one major NPD program Fluent in document and update progress on JAMA- Requirements Management Software and use JIRA Software as issue tracking tool Support VMCA’s Quality Management System that establishes and maintains effective quality assurance processes and compliance to International and Domestic Standards Bachelor’s degree in engineering or other technology discipline is required 4+ years of working experience in technical field Excellent interpersonal communication skills as well as technical acumen in written communications with focus on clarity, accuracy, detail, and concise writing Ability to work within tight deadlines and maintain direction and conviction Interested in medical device and/or new technologies, in particular image sensors and displays Previous experience in medical device product testing or product compliance preferred Familiarity with safety testing, such as hi-pot and leakage current, and/or standard interpretation of IEC 60601-1 Medical Device Safety Standard preferred Familiarity with FDA and Health Canada requirements on Design Verification and Validation preferred Knowledge in reliability statistics and sample size calculations preferred 
ScrapedJobID679:
Review and understand functional requirements to be able to conceive and present application designs and prototypes. Document and publish technical requirements, design and functional specifications for use by internal teams. Evaluate existing functionality and propose and implement improvements and extensions as required by the overall architecture of the product. Participate in the evaluation and resolution of defect ticket reports for new as well as legacy components Contribute to the team’s software development lifecycle improvement initiatives by utilizing standard practices as well proposing areas of improvement – design, planning, implementation, testing, and documentation. 5+ years of web development experience with Angular and/or AngularJS Experience with migrating applications from AngularJS to Angular Experience with NPM, grunt, webpack JS module bundler Experience with JavaScript testing frameworks, such as Jasmine, Protractor, etc. Experience developing and using REST APIs Must have development experience with a focus on unit testing Must be an expert in HTML, CSS, JavaScript/TypeScript OO Development, JSON Experience with Java application servers - Tomcat/JBoss/Wildfly Experience with Java Web Application framework (Struts, Spring, JSF, etc.) Strong analytical and problem-solving skills 3+ years of software development experience with Java and JSP/Servlet technologies. Strong grasp of object-oriented design and implementation Experience with XML, Hibernate Proficient on both Windows and Linux Prior experience with Agile methodology is a plus 
ScrapedJobID680:
Reviews requirements, specifications, and designs to provide feedback on testability and defect risks. Creates detailed and comprehensive QA strategies and test plans for new product releases and legacy systems. Estimates, prioritizes, and schedules testing activities with Project Managers. Executes test plans, both manual and automated, on new product and feature releases. Performs regression testing on bugs resolved by the dev team. Coordinates user acceptance testing activities with stakeholders and helps train users to implement solutions. Profiles application performance to identify the most valuable areas of improvement for the dev team. Works with the Support Lead to triage and direct incoming support tickets. Helps the Support Team diagnose and resolve bugs and support requests. Tracks QA metrics, such as defect densities per product, to help identify the most expensive defects and direct QA resources where they will be most effective. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent preferred. A minimum of 1-2 years of experience in software quality assurance or software development on a modern platform, such as C#. Excellent understanding of QA methodologies, tools, and best practices Experience with automated testing strategies such as unit testing, or automated browser testing tools such as Selenium, is highly desired. Experience working in an Agile development process is a plus. Exposure to multiple programming languages and technologies is a plus; Our typical tech stack includes: C#, HTML/CSS/JS, SQL, Entity Framework, and JS frameworks such as Vue.js. Familiarity with SQL programming is preferred. Able to work in a fast-paced, challenging, and constantly changing environment. Must have strong oral and written communication skills. Proficiency using Microsoft Office, including Word, Excel and PowerPoint is required. Must have the ability to handle multiple projects under tight deadlines. Must demonstrate a high degree of attention to quality, details, and correctness. Must have the ability to read, write, speak, understand, and communicate in English sufficiently to perform the duties of this position. 
ScrapedJobID681:
Monitor tickets, including follow up and quality assurance. Maintain ownership of escalated issues, ensuring timely closure to all technical problems. Participate in the coordination, testing, deployment and support BCP events in the environment. Responsible for the management of installs, moves, adds and changes (IMAC) of PC equipment, including hardware disposal. Identify trends, areas for continuous improvement, raise issues, concerns and opportunities accordingly. Work with Business Units to process requests, provide ETAs and meet deadlines. 24/7 support escalation on occasion. Management of all vendor escorts (Avaya and Verizon etc..) for onsite service and support. Serve as escalation point for Deskside Support staff/Management and Client ensuring timely escalation and communications of all major/severe outages. Escalate the ownership of chronic issues to 2nd and 3rd level support. Attend all necessary meetings to provide guidance on their business units priorities (i.e., BU moves, hardware refreshes, enterprise wide deployments, etc.). Serve as a liaison to other technical groups within IT and external to MS with respect to resolving problems, assuring quality of new applications and implementing upgrades; communicate the impact of any technology change. Look for cost savings and efficiencies. Managing a team of full-time and consultants, providing feedback, support and career stability Bachelors degree, Computer Science preferred. A minimum of 5 years experience in PC/server hardware, software and peripheral support and experience in the local financial industry. Excellent problem solving/analytical skills. Interpersonal skills are required. Assertive, self-starter, ability to mult-task, and possess project ownership skills. Strong verbal and written communications skills. Organization/time management skills required. 
ScrapedJobID682:
Organize and analyze large scale mutation data from tumor genome sequencing in a clinical setting Work closely with the lab and software teams to maintain data integrity Perform analysis of mutations across patient cohorts for quality control and to identify population-level patterns Use standard tools and computational frameworks to visualize, browse and statistically analyze distributions of mutations and clinical covariates Prepare statistically motivated plots of mutation data for presentation Develop approaches to identify anomalous distributions that can be leveraged in quality control processes Compile reports for partners and collaborators. Education: You hold a Master’s degree in bioinformatics, data science, biostatistics or equivalent Industry experience: 3+ years experience working in a clinical or research setting related to cancer genomics applied to tumor tissue analysis and/or cell-free DNA/liquid biopsy. Linux/UNIX: Experienced in working with command-line interfaces. Coding: Proficient with Python (desirable) or other statistical languages such as R. Databases: 1+ years experience in SQL databases, with experience aggregating data within and across patient cohorts. NGS: Experienced handling NGS data including the quality control/quality assurance. Cancer genomics: Facility with cBioPortal interfaces and tools and relevant API-level packages in R or Python to analyse and interpret somatic mutations in cancer. Tech-savvy: Experienced with standard NGS analysis tools such as samtools, alignment software (e.g. BWA or bowtie), and variant detection (e.g. GATK, samtools). Added bonus if you have experience with GitHub and cloud-based computing such as AWS. Attention to detail: Uncompromisingly meticulous with the execution of analysis. Interpersonal skills: Excellent communication skills– written, verbal and non-verbal. You’re considerate and have the ability to develop cooperative relationships with your team members. Organized: Have the ability to organize yourself and set priorities. 
ScrapedJobID683:
This person serves as a hands on Test Lead and own all technical testing activities and services related to credit cards – both application level & retail cards Lead all Testing activities (Test planning, Design, Execution, Defect Management) for different Streams in parallel Coordinate with Business & Technical stakeholders to run SIT/UAT for different streams Prepare Test Plans, Schedules & Strategies Act as a test subject matter expert for technical solution and functional areas within the application and associated projects Develop or assist in developing strategic/tactical testing deliverables such as Test Strategies & Plans across multiple lines of business Perform requirements analysis and quality risk analysis Perform high-level and detailed test estimates Accountable for monitoring and reporting test progress & status to CGI/Client project management & executive stakeholders Oversee the development of test conditions/scenarios and traceability matrix(ces) for multiple teams Lead and coach manual/automated testing analysis and design Oversee the identification and preparation test data & manage Test data during the course of the project Manage tasks and assignments to onshore, nearshore, off shore team members Monitor and manage completion of assigned testing scope and deliverables Ensure all quality processes are followed Facilitate and run defect triage meetings for multiple initiatives Communicate progress of testing activities to the Test Manager or directly to client stakeholders Produce internal and client facing status reports, as required Perform additional system testing-related activities, as required Participate in and facilitate lessons learned reviews Collaborate with client team to collect, create, present, maintain, and store knowledge assets Maintain solid understanding of software testing best practices, methodologies and terminology Bachelor Degree in Computer Science Industry recognized testing certification(s) Minimum 7+ yrs working in Software Testing, Quality Assurance Minimum 4+ yrs leading test teams Minimum 3+ yrs working on projects in the banking domain, specifically credit cards Minimum 4+ yrs working with HP ALM or a similar Test Management Tool Ability to present Test Plans, Strategies, Test cases/execution results to Client stakeholders & steer Defect Triage meetings Strong interpersonal skills Strong written and oral and comprehension communication skills Positive attitude Flexibility, self-motivated, mature and has the ability to give and receive feedback Ability to working effectively and collaboratively with others to achieve common goals Able to multitask effectively Have excellent time management, task planning and prioritization skills Able to adapt quickly to changing client requirements Able to work effectively with minimal supervision Ability to build strong relationships with clients and team members Agile Testing HP ALM UFT Jira management software 
ScrapedJobID684:
Disposition of Intermediate and API batches Review of batch records and analytical documentation Review/approve quality documents, such as deviations, OOS, etc. Prepare, facilitate and respond to audits (regulatory agencies, client and/or internal) and customers comments Conduct internal and external audits Conduct regular walk-through the operations areas and provide QA cGMP oversight in manufacturing and laboratories Participate in the execution, maintenance and trending of the Quality Systems programs: Provide cGMP training Assist with quality systems improvement projects Act as an advisor and back-up to the Data and Systems Reviewers Act as a designate for the Manager, Quality Assurance as required Perform other related assignments and projects as required B.Sc. in Chemistry or related scientific discipline with a minimum of 5 years experience or M.Sc. in Chemistry or related scientific discipline with a minimum of 2 years experience Advanced auditing skills. Extensive knowledge of cGMP Strong understanding and operating knowledge of FDA and ICH regulations. Strong software application experience (e.g. word processing, spreadsheets, databases) Clear and concise oral and written communication skills EHS Focus Passionately Reliable Rapid Responsiveness Innovative Efficiency Teamwork Detail Orientation Excellent Customer Service Problem Solving Associate, Quality Assurance reports to the Manager, Quality Assurance Associate, Quality Assurance has no direct reports 
ScrapedJobID685:
Dental care Extended health care Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Quality Assurance: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID686:
Oversee team in test planning delivery, preparation and activities relating to test execution; Develop test plans, testing strategies and project documentation using risk analysis methodologies ; Participate in the creation and execution of test cases in order to meet deadlines as well as manage and support team in creating reusable test assets for manual and automated test scripts; Manage documentation from the creation through to the review and sign-off relating to strategies, plans, schedules, test cases, dashboards, defect logs, test phase closure reports, entry/exit criteria and gating. Be accountable for all testing activities including test execution, business acceptance, performance, operability, and deployment verification; Ensure effective planning and coordination of support with partners including business process owners, IT and Infrastructure and Project Management Office; Communicate and address scope changes that may impact testing; Chair and oversee regular defect status calls in order to ensure effective and detailed documentation, tracking, test reporting on test planning, executions and defect resolutions using metrics; Assess various automation tools and make recommendations on automation strategy; Conduct test case reviews to ensure scenarios accurately capture business functionality; Work collaboratively with a team and in an Agile-Scrum environment. Strong communication and documentation skills;
Experience working in large ERP project environments;
An understanding of the system development life cycle;
2+ years of experience in a QA and Test Lead role;
Exposure to Test Automation tools and scripting QTP/UFT Katalon, Cypress, are an asset with languages supported Java,C#, Python, Ruby;
Strong understanding of QA concepts and methodologies in testing of ERP’s (MS Dynamics Oracle, Workday);
University Degree or College Diploma;
ISTQB certification is an asset;
Experience with Test Management tools DevOps, ALM, JIRA, and Confluence
Project Management Certification (PMP) is an asset.
Keys to your success:
A team player and leader with strong interpersonal and collaboration skills;
Strong experience in the IT industry, specifically, as part of a team responsible for delivering software quality assurance to IT projects;
Ability to work autonomously with minimal direction;
Strong analytical skills and attention to detail. Strong communication and documentation skills; Experience working in large ERP project environments; An understanding of the system development life cycle; 2+ years of experience in a QA and Test Lead role; Exposure to Test Automation tools and scripting QTP/UFT Katalon, Cypress, are an asset with languages supported Java,C#, Python, Ruby; Strong understanding of QA concepts and methodologies in testing of ERP’s (MS Dynamics Oracle, Workday); University Degree or College Diploma; ISTQB certification is an asset; Experience with Test Management tools DevOps, ALM, JIRA, and Confluence Project Management Certification (PMP) is an asset. A team player and leader with strong interpersonal and collaboration skills; Strong experience in the IT industry, specifically, as part of a team responsible for delivering software quality assurance to IT projects; Ability to work autonomously with minimal direction; Strong analytical skills and attention to detail. 
ScrapedJobID687:
Learn the art of product from some of the best product owners and product managers Hustle every day to write effective user stories by gathering and articulating complex requirements Analyze data, troubleshoot problems, build docs and participate in quality assurance to ensure the success of every product release Work in the trenches with software developers to ensure we’re building the right product to the highest standards Be a proxy for the customer, answer product questions, and make day to day product decisions Participate in product ideation, planning, prioritizing, estimation and risk management Be a constant source of positivity, inspiration, and vision that keeps others on track and operating at their best Excellent communicators with great writing skills and an organized, analytical approach to their work Experience working with technical products, designers and software development teams Humble hard workers willing to roll up their sleeves to learn about Neo's customers and help move the needle at a startup Passion for building world-class products with a world-class team Technical degree or similar educational background is a plus Product design or engineering background is a plus 
ScrapedJobID688:
Perform and contribute to the initial and ongoing clinical assessment of assigned patients Document health information from objective/subjective sources to identify client health needs Collect, document, report and monitor changes in health status using critical judgment skills Assess the patient’s ability to function independently in their home environment Responsible for external communication to physicians and medical clinics (physician requests, requesting medical records) Update primary physicians on patient status with detailed progress reports Consult with Physicians regarding the patient condition and implement treatment as ordered Implement and maintain treatments and prescribed cannabinoid treatment plan(s) Observe, report and document changes in patient status Evaluate and suggest modifications to treatment plans in accordance with the patient’s needs on an ongoing basis Record complete and accurate relevant data for every patient in a retrievable form according to policy Serve as an advocate to represent patient concerns and to ensure patient concerns and needs are addressed Participate in programs to develop and maintain clinical competency and promote professional growth Contribute to the creation of operating procedures and policies Participate in meetings, forums, and workshops (internal and external) Participate as a team member in quality improvement activities Knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite, including Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint Knowledge of Google Drive, Google Business Suite Experience with cloud-based software Experience with telemedicine concept and platforms Nurse educator experience Evidence of team commitment and good interpersonal skills in dealing with clients, colleagues, physicians and the public Evidence of flexibility, initiative and commitment Evidence of maturity, diplomacy and tact 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Medical Cannabis: 1 year (preferred) and write in English (preferred) Do you speak and write in French (preferred) Nursing license (preferred) RPN License to practice in PEI? (preferred) RPN License to practice in other provinces (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID689:
Cohesive: Tjene's industry purpose is to serve our clients with world class solutions and methodologies. With offices in Toronto, we are a uniquely cohesive unit in an industry where reliance on remote workers is the status quo. Cross Functional: All consultants are cross trained to serve in a functional and technical capacity. Quick Turn Around Time: Our highly collaborative environment has allowed us to build a robust knowledge base and provide quick turnaround times on deliverables. Technology Approach: Tjene’s culture fosters a progressive approach to new technologies, setting the pace in the industry. This has resulted in creative technology solutions and proprietary technologies developed in-house. Process Approach: Tjene takes a process-oriented approach to problem solving. From offering best practices to process re-engineering, Tjene understands the importance robust and efficient business processes. Project Delivery and Management: Deliver assigned work on time and error free, develop follow up action items, and participate in client meetings. Collaboration & Innovation: Collaborate with team members in and out of scrums to develop innovative and adaptable solutions in order to meet changing client business needs and create repeatable standards that can be leveraged across the organization. Software Configuration and Development: Review current systems and presenting ideas for system improvements, while working closely with Project Teams to produce detailed specifications. Quality Assurance: Test products in controlled and real situations before going into production; maintain these systems once they are up and running. Degree in a technical field (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics etc.) of study. 1 year of relevant work experience, experience in software solutions is an asset. Passion to learn and configure software solutions. Experience with JavaScript framework, XML, React and SQL is an asset. Demonstrated ability to perform effective planning, work independently, take initiative, and manage multiple assignments. Very strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to exercise mature judgment. Strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills (MS Visio, MS PowerPoint). Very strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to exercise mature judgment. Strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills (MS Visio, MS PowerPoint). A working style that is rooted in ownership, passion, teamwork, innovation, and collaboration. 
ScrapedJobID690:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Ruby on Rails Git Gulp Informatica Matrix Laboratory (MATLAB) OpenGL Sencha Unix MAC JavaOS Networking software Intranet Servers File management software Presentation software Communication software Cloud Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID691:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID692:
Have a good knowledge of the main software tools of the geomatics industry (ESRI environment, QGIS, AutoCad, etc.) Possess programming skills; Have a good knowledge of geospatial databases Be familiar with Cloud concepts; Be familiar with IOS, Android and Windows platforms Have a good understanding of GNSS positioning concepts Have a good knowledge of map projections Understand the basic concepts of geodesy Master the principles and techniques of quality assurance; Ability to configure computers and GNSS equipment is an important asset. Innate sense of organization Very good communication skills (oral and written) in French and English Ease of contact with clients Work‑family balance Group Insurance (life, salary and dental insurance) Training “Health” program with partial reimbursement of physical activities Paid vacation during the holiday season Coffee Easy access to public transportation (Préfontaine metro station, bus line 25) Nearby: gym, spa, sports fields, restaurants and many other services Dynamic and professional team 
ScrapedJobID693:
Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday leading and managing in manufacturing: 5 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID694:
Work closely with front-end engineers to design and implement new features. Build internal and external API's. Maintain and improve our back-end search algorithms. Maintain and improve our messaging back-end. Identify and address performance bottlenecks. Great command of python, or a similar server-side scripting language. Experience writing simple, straightforward, testable code. A disciplined approach to testing and quality assurance. A love of what you do and a positive, can-do attitude. An understanding that you're not just an engineer, you're a driving force for the success of the company. Startup experience is a huge plus Experience with large scale web services Django experience a plus 
ScrapedJobID695:
Engagement Support: Has in-depth knowledge and supports the client engagement management process, including time & expense tracking and reporting. Financial Management Support: Has a pivotal role with executives and their engagement teams to provide system reports and manage the client billing process. Client Relationship Management: Assists with setting up and maintaining prospects, clients, and accounts. Time & Expense processing: Posting time and processing expenses for payment. Document Preparation & Management: Formats documents from draft stage to client-ready work and follows an organized document management process. Meeting & Event Coordination Travel Planning Proficient in MS Office and demonstrated aptitude to learn customized firm software and office tools General understanding of financial principles as it relates to the billing of chargeable time Aptitude to differentiate when to take action independently or team with others Committed to contributing to a strong team culture to ensure success Ability to meet multiple and/or unexpected deadlines in a demanding environment Develop and maintain relationships to efficiently leverage expertise Demonstrate sound judgment regarding confidential and sensitive matters Professional services firm experience and/or relevant experience an asset Post-secondary education (preferred) Overtime required as needed. The ability to work independently in a fast-paced, dynamic team-oriented environment Support and coaching from some of the most engaging colleagues in the industry Learning opportunities to develop new skills and progress your career The freedom and flexibility to handle your role in a way that’s right for you 
ScrapedJobID696:

ScrapedJobID697:
Accompagner l’équipe dans la mise en place de bonnes pratiques d’assurance qualité; Exécuter des tests fonctionnels, bout en bout, d’adaptabilité (responsive design), d’accessibilité et de régression; Écrire et automatiser les cas de tests de non-régression; Traduire les spécifications fonctionnelles en scénarios de tests; Élaborer une stratégie de tests, planifier les tests et en assurer le suivi; Créer des rapports informatifs, exploitables et reproductibles en collectant, analysant et résumant les informations qui mettent en évidence les tendances pertinentes et les opportunités d'amélioration; Travailler en collaboration avec l’équipe de développement pour tester les user stories plus rapidement afin de s'assurer la stabilité des livraisons; Travailler en collaboration avec les chargé.e.s de projet et analyste d’affaires pour coordonner la prise en charge des anomalies dans le cadre du développement; Analyser des cas d’utilisation pour la planification et la stratégie de tests; Réviser du code et assure une bonne couverture de test; Créer et exécuter des tests automatisés; Faire des bilans de campagnes de tests, communiquer les résultats, mettre en évidence les opportunités d’amélioration; Implémenter des fonctionnalités pour rendre le développement plus efficace, accélérer les tests et la rétroaction des résultats de tests; Participer à l'amélioration des pipelines pour inclure les tests automatisés et les notifications en cas d’erreur; Prioriser et automatiser les tests manuels. Votre expérience en automatisation des tests Vos connaissances des meilleures pratiques QA Votre curiosité a cherché comment améliorer les processus, à comprendre les besoins Votre facilité à communiquer avec les gens, bonne écoute Votre capacité à vous adapter aux environnements de tests et aux nouveaux processus Votre rigueur dans l’analyse et l’exécution des tests Votre capacité à vous questionnez sur les lacunes actuelles, afin de proposer des solutions et mettre en œuvre de nouvelles améliorations de processus Votre capacité à persuader les gens à adhérer aux nouvelles pratiques Votre esprit de synthèse dans la communication des résultats Votre enthousiasme face au domaine médical et l’amélioration des soins de santé de la population Votre bilinguisme (FR/AN) Travail à distance: Nos bureaux virtuels vous permettent de travailler d’où voulez, que ce soit à la plage, dans un café ou à la maison, vous décidez! (équipement fourni) Horaire flexible : Vous avez une famille, vous aimez vous entrainer à 13h ou vous avez simplement une vie remplie, on vous comprend. Nos horaires flexibles de 35 heures vous permettent d’aménager votre temps à votre goût. Salaire compétitif : Notre rémunération globale a été conçue afin d’être compétitive. Également, vous débuterez avec minimum 3 semaines de vacances, peu importe votre nombre d’années d’expérience. Avantages sociaux : Parce que nous voulons ce qu’il y a de mieux pour le bien-être de notre équipe, nous offrons une vaste gamme d'avantages sociaux généreux, y compris un PAE, un RVER et une assurance collective comprenant une assurance-vie, médicaments, vision, dentaire, voyage et bien plus! Apprentissage continu : Nous nous engageons à vous permettre d’acquérir une expertise et de la perfectionner en vous offrant un budget annuel pour la formation de votre choix. Flexibilité : Autant dans l’exécution de vos tâches que dans votre horaire, soyez en contrôle de votre performance! Équipe dynamique: Travailler en groupe, c'est travailler avec le souci de l'harmonie et de l'efficacité des actions. Nous misons sur l'expertise, la communication efficace et les valeurs communes partagées pour atteindre nos objectifs. Collaborateurs : Vous travaillerez en étroite collaboration avec plus de 800 médecins, spécialistes et gestionnaires du réseau de la santé ainsi qu’avec une équipe extraordinaire et vous aiderez dans la bataille de la Covid-19 Support the team in the implementation of good quality assurance practices; Create informative, actionable and repeatable reports by collecting, analyzing and summarizing information that highlights relevant trends and opportunities for improvement; Work with the development team to test user stories more quickly to ensure stable delivery; Work in collaboration with the project managers and business analysts to coordinate the handling of anomalies in the development process; Analyze use cases for test planning and strategy; Review code and ensure good test coverage; Create and execute automated tests; Conduct test campaign reviews, communicate results, highlight opportunities for improvement; Implement features to make development more efficient, speed up testing and feedback of test results; Participate in improving pipelines to include automated testing and error notification; Prioritize and automate manual testing; Execute functional, end-to-end, adaptability (responsive design), accessibility and regression tests; Write and automate non-regression test cases; Translate functional specifications into test cases; Develop a test strategy, plan tests and ensure follow-up. Your experience in test automation Your knowledge of QA best practices Your curiosity to find out how to improve processes, to understand the needs Your ease to communicate with people, good listening skills Your ability to adapt to test environments and new processes Your rigor in the analysis and execution of tests Your ability to question current shortcomings, to propose solutions and to implement new process improvements Your ability to persuade people to adhere to new practices Your ability to synthesize and communicate results Your enthusiasm for the medical field and the improvement of population health care Your bilingualism (FR/AN) Remote work:Our virtual offices lets you work from anywhere, whether it’s at the beach, in a cafe or at home, you decide! (equipment provided) Flexible hours:You have a family, you like to train at 1pm or you simply have a busy life, we understand. Our flexible 35-hour schedule allows you to tailor your time to your liking. Competitive salary:Our global compensation has been designed to be competitive. You will also start with a minimum of 3 weeks paid vacation, regardless of your years of experience. Benefits: Because we want the best for the well-being of our team, we offer a wide range of generous benefits including an EAP, a VRSP and group insurance including life insurance, health insurance, vision and dental care, travel insurance and more! Continuous learning:We are committed to helping you acquire and develop your expertise by providing you with an annual budget for the training course of your choice. Flexibility:As much in the execution of your tasks as your schedule, you are in control of your performance! Dynamic team:Working in a group means having in mind the harmony and the effectiveness of actions. We rely on our team members expertise, effective communication skills and shared common values to achieve our goals. Collaborators:You will work in close collaboration with more than 800 doctors, specialists and managers of the health network, as well as with an extraordinary team, to help in the battle against Covid-19 
ScrapedJobID698:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Willing to travel Travel expenses paid by employer Work under pressure Attention to detail Sitting Business intelligence Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID699:

ScrapedJobID700:
Lead the agile development process (Scrum/Scrumban framework) and utilise XP engineering practices where necessary. Ensure that the Agile process is followed and where beneficial adapted and refined to effectively deliver the solution Implement and refactor code in accordance with agreed coding and quality standards, be fully aware of technical debt. Experience with code quality analysis tools, such as SonarQube would be beneficial. Practice continuous integration, check-in frequently, resolve build and test failures immediately and adhere to design and coding standards. Practice test-driven development using automated (unit & integration) tests prior to build code to whilst maintain high and effective test coverage Collaborate with Product Owners (PO) to manage backlogs and new feature requests. Collaborate with PO and Quality Assurance (QA) to help in the definition of user stories, acceptance criteria and test cases such that they can be worked upon by the development team. Collaborate with UI/UX team to make recommendations and drive design decisions. Lead design and technical workshop discussions, story definition, planning and estimation sessions. Manage Project scope and timeline, including estimation and planning. Report project status to management in a timely and effective manner. Where appropriate, co-ordinate sprints, retrospective meetings, daily stand-ups and show and tells. Identify risks and form mitigation or contingency plans in a timely manner. Be point of contact for all stakeholders. Facilitate resolution of technical or functional issues for the Scrum Team. Maintain communication and positive collaboration with other teams . Demonstrable knowledge of a typical technology stack integrating frameworks to deliver services from front to back, such as the MEAN architectural pattern Demonstrable knowledge and application of Agile methodologies as both developer and Scrum Master Good understanding of estimation and planning tools Hands on experience with modern front-end frameworks, such as Angular or React Experience in designing and developing user interfaces using best practices, following defined standards and guidelines Experience in developing applications in MEAN stack (MongoDB, Express, Angular, Node.js; or their equivalents) Experience in Service-Oriented Architecture using RESTful APIs Excellent understanding of non-relational document based (e.g. MongoDB, etc.) data stores Use of build management tools (such as NPM/yarn) and CI tools (such as Jenkins) Experience in using Source Control Management tools such as Mercurial, Git, TFS, etc. Experience working within a distributed team Experience using Typescript/Javascript/Java or other languages Experience in deploying applications into containers (such as Docker, Kubernetes) Experience with real-time data streaming systems (such as Apache Kafka) Experience in Test Driven Development Experience in application development tools which automate or assist part of the development process. Examples: continuous integration tools (e.g. Jenkins), code analysis tools (e.g. Sonar), IDEs (e.g. VSCode, Eclipse, IntelliJ), build tools (e.g. Maven, Ant), etc… An understanding of relational databases (Oracle / Sybase / SQL Server), and ability to develop efficient SQL Experience of working within a UNIX environment (such as Linux, Solaris, etc…) Experience of selecting and working with generally available OSS libraries, and an understanding of the related implications of doing so Experience with development analytic toolkits (such as ‘JMeter’, Oracle OEM, etc…) to optimise application efficiency and performance. Experience with a front-end framework such as DevExtreme Experience of financial sector functions (such as Investment Accounting, Performance Measurement, IBOR, etc…) Experience in non-functional aspects of development – particularly performance tuning Self-motivated, well organised team player Results oriented, with project completion a key facet Strong work ethic, ability to take ownership and deliver excellence Excellent communicator, able to articulate well within multi-lingual team where English is not always a first language Ability to work well under pressure and tight timelines, whilst maintaining quality Ability to make constructive observations of how the team is working, and willingness to contribute suggestions to the team in order to improve the overall process and efficiency Hybrid Schedule featuring 8-10 days in the office monthly combined with working from home Competitive base salary plus EXCELLENT benefits (including medical, dental, vision, STD, LTD and more)! RRSP Matching Program Global Flexible Time Off Policy (personal/vacation time) Sick Leave Policy Eligible for an annual performance-based bonus program Tuition Reimbursement up to 70% and Professional Development up to 100% Candidate Referral Program Business Casual dress code (includes jeans) 
ScrapedJobID701:
Complete scheduled audits on methodology against ISO17025 requirements, assist with the implementation of corrective actions and review and follow up with laboratory staff Complete monthly quality checks on laboratory processes, control charts and other quality systems Complete calibration schedules for measurement equipment Monitor and trend ambient laboratory and sample fridge temperatures. Implement corrective actions where required Log and update all data quality reviews into the eJIRA system, monitor progress, and provide updates to management Provide support to the QA coordinator to complete adverse drinking water reporting Ensure data uploads to various regulatory and client portals are maintained College diploma in a related field or relevant experience in a quality role Good understanding of IT and PC applications and software Self-starter, ambitious and energetic Lab experience considered an asset High degree of autonomy, creativity and strong sense of initiative Ability to clearly communicate both orally and in writing Bilingualism (French and English) an asset Positive attitude Good attention to detail Auditing experience considered an asset Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously 
ScrapedJobID702:

ScrapedJobID703:
Analyze, design, test, automate, and support – Follow the SDLC standards, source-code management, version control and release-management procedures. An advocate and encourage best practices, consistency. Participate in defining QA COE best practices. Building and maintaining robust, reliable and scalable automation test suite. Debug, develop, and maintain test data, test environments and test scripts that validate the quality of the software product. 5+ Year(s) experience with test automation creating and maintaining test scripts using tools such as Selenium Experience on selenium-based framework, API, performance, load, security, data validation, SQL and an understanding of relational database Experience identifying objects using CSS, XPATH, Experience working with and testing web services – REST, SOAP, JSON, Postman. Hands on experience on selenium-based framework, API, performance, load, security, data validation, SQL and an understanding of relational database, object relational mapping Knowledge and working experience on Automation frameworks. Preferably robot framework Quality Assurance/QA Strategy Test Strategies 
ScrapedJobID704:
You will have complete responsibility for all hotel operations. Oversee sales and marketing initiatives Recruit, train and support all associates and ensure optimal performance in accordance with established hotel brand standards Compliance with Federal & Provincial Labor laws Ongoing review of staff to ensure adherence to established policies and procedures Establish and maintain open collaborative relationships with team members, partner General Managers, and owners Coach and support hotel team to effectively manage occupancy, rates, wages and controllable expenses Oversight of Marketing, Front office, Guest services and community involvement. Oversight of housekeeping and maintenance functions Tour and inspect property on a daily basis and monitor for property cleanliness, safety and security, product quality and exceptional service throughout Perform technical and administrative duties, including, but not limited to; Profit and Loss Statements, Analysis, Yield Management, Capital Planning and Payroll Ongoing financial reports review to analyze budget, revenue and profitability targets and take action as needed Participate in revenue management calls, sales calls and owner meetings Balance cost controls with exceptional customer service and associate satisfaction Manage vendor relationships and negotiate service agreements Strive to deliver a consistent guest experience Ensure employees are motivated and also satisfied with their work Manage the room rates daily Control payroll cost within predetermined parameters Oversee effective use of hotel resources and breakfast/guest supply inventory Pass Quality Assurance evaluations 3+ years minimum as Hotel General Manager or equivalent hotel experience Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience Excellent customer service Knowledge of Choice Hotels System (Choice Central and Choice Advantage) preferred Pleasant, courteous, empathetic, fast acting, professional, friendly Strong communication skills Demonstrate organization and multi-tasking abilities Able to work in a team environment Familiar with common computer software programs Ability to influence and achieve results in the areas of profitability and REVPAR Highly motivated individual with strong leadership skills Ability to hire, train, coach, guide, reward and develop staff, with emphasis on continuous improvement in guest service quality Detail oriented, passion for service. Local area market experience a plus Bonus pay 8 hour shift Holidays Monday to Friday Weekend availability No 
ScrapedJobID705:
Work in compliance with the Occupational Health and Safety Act and Regulations and the Company Health & Safety Roles and Responsibilities Effectively supervise General Labourers and Skilled Workers within a unionized environment Ensure all product orders are filled completely and are manufactured in accordance with the organizational standards for safety and high quality Train and coach employees to produce high quality products as set by the company’s standards Understand the production schedule to plan and assign personnel based on the daily production requirements and revise the plan as required Inform the Plant Manager of any foreseeable issues that may arise in production safety, quality, schedule or cost Report results of the shift production to the Plant Manager and track the daily labour against target Maintain time and labour allocation sheets and accurately input time and attendance data into Microsoft Excel and Kronos Ensure teams are operating at the best possible level and production goals are being achieved Look for, recommend, and implement process improvements through engagement of employees Analyze and help resolve issues brought forward by workers in accordance with Company policies and procedures and the collective bargaining agreement; discipline employees when required Liaise with other departments to ensure that plant expectations as well as internal and external customer expectations are met Minimum 3 years of manufacturing experience in the capacity of a supervisory role Minimum 3 years of experience working in a unionized environment 2 years of experience working with precast concrete Engineering technology experience is an asset Ability to read and interpret blueprints and review engineering plans Must be proficient with MS software programs such as Excel, Word, Outlook etc. Experience with Kronos is an asset Ability to assume responsibility, interface and communicate effectively with others and demonstrate strong interpersonal skills Exceptional time management and organizational skills Desire to work well in a fast-paced, deadline-driven, customer-focused environment This role follows a nonrotation shift schedule, however a flexible schedule is required as per the business operational needs 
ScrapedJobID706:
Collaborates with business, software and systems personnel to develop comprehensive Quality Assurance Plans describing the testing approach to be taken, and outlining the test scenarios to be executed. Writes and executes test cases; documents and monitors defects. Works collaboratively with business units to ensure effective and appropriate test coverage. Ensures compliance with policies and procedures relating to QA inputs and outputs; ensures documentation has been reviewed and signed off appropriately. Communicates test progress, test results, and other relevant information to project stakeholders and management. Cultivates and disseminates knowledge of quality assurance best practices. Assists in the development and improvement of QA processes. Performs other related duties as required by ITG management. Develops and maintains expertise in quality assurance tools and methodologies; keeps up-to-date on trends, products and systems impacting the financial industry and CCS. Within the domain of the assigned project, understands the products and the issues. Learns and uses testing tools such as macros, automated testing tools and data comparison tools to increase test effectiveness Works as a coach and mentor to develop the skills of the business users assigned to perform application testing. Works in close collaboration with business analysts, developers, project leaders, systems engineers and business users. Provides timely third-level support in the analysis and resolution of production issues Minimum 3 - 5 Years of Job-Related Experience Bachelor's Degree or a diploma requiring 3 - 4 years of full-time study. Quality Assurance methods; QA planning, approaches to testing, defect identification and resolution Various relevant sub-disciplines; project management, software development, system development, security, and database theory. Systems Life Cycle and Software Lifecycle concepts Comprehension of change management, release management and configuration management concepts CCSCU's application platforms; client/server architecture; voice, data and communications experience with CCSCU's specific hardware, infrastructures and technologies. Testing tools (e.g. Rational Robot), Moderate-Advanced Excel , XML Spy and data comparison tools. Solid knowledge and experience with waterfall and agile methodology. Application development and/or scripting knowledge and experience would be an asset. Prior financial inductry experience, preferable credit card domain. Excellent attention to detail with strong analytical, problem solving and troubleshooting skills. Experience working with and managing offshore testing resources. Ability to maintain strategic relationship with internal customers (QA director, Infrastructure, Architecture etc.) 
ScrapedJobID707:
Responsible for construction site quality assurance inspections - including, but not limited to, hardwood flooring, tile, kitchens, appliances, plumbing fixtures, framing, concrete placement, etc. Reviewing construction documents for suites and common areas and ensuring design compliance and construction quality by flagging any discrepancies to management Assess the Construction Manager’s project timelines and milestones and provide input and feedback Monitor stock levels between suppliers and installers, assisting with forecasting and inventory planning as required Responsible for making sub-trade process improvement recommendations Liaise with PDI Auditors, proactively looking for and resolving deficiencies prior to PDI Audits Review project team reports and identify discrepancies with site conditions Proactively reviewing proposed changes in project scope, identify potential issues and report to executive team Participate in project postmortems to identify successful and unsuccessful project elements Work closely with the VP Design and Construction overseeing the design teams to ensure that design intent and constructability are in alignment Review existing agreements and recommend amendments as necessary for future projects Work closely with the VP Design and Construction to ensure timely delivery of suite finishing packages both during Pre-Construction and Construction phases Health & Safety conscious, document and report all concerns, accidents, and incidents to immediate supervisor for follow up and take appropriate action Read and adhere to the Employee Handbook Guidelines, Policies, and procedures Embody and uphold Great Gulf brand standards Other duties as assigned Post-secondary degree in Engineering or other construction related discipline 3+ years’ experience in a QA role, preferably in High-rise Residential This position works in both indoor and outdoor environments on construction sites: heat, cold, dirt, rain, noise. Depending on the day and weather conditions of the job will change, long exposure isn’t consistent but at times is needed. Some computer work, sitting at a desk to compile reports, enter payment releases, emails and other administrative tasks. 90% Constant standing and walking throughout shift. Bending, twisting, walking down and upstairs. Mid to high paced. Monday – Friday shifts during the day (flexible hours, working when construction site works). May have need to climb step ladder to inspect ceiling conditions. Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Day shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) quality assurance in high-rise residential: 3 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID708:
Conduct proof-of-concept for Test Automation Candidates Familiarize with latest technology on test automation Research and propose toolsets best suitable per system Create or maintain Test Automation Framework and Test Automation Scripts Perform dry-run tests to ensure scripts are working for the appropriate test environments Generate Test Data for Test Automation Scripts Mock responses from external systems on as-needed basis Review Test Automation Scripts with Functional Testing team to ensure accuracy Execute Test Automation Scripts and report defects or issues to project team Generate progress report for Test Automation Initiative to stakeholders Gather and address feedback from other IT teams to improve test automation framework Integrate Test Automation to the CI/CD pipeline Bachelor’s degree in computer sciences or equivalent experience 10+ years of experience in Testing with 7+ Years of Experience in Automation Testing with Selenium Java & TestNG Expertise using Eclipse with Maven, WebDrive and TestNG framework with Java Programming language, GitHub and Jira Experience in automating complex systems where more than 2 applications are involved Experience in creating utilities i.e. XML parsing to read and validate the data Experience with implementing both Traditional and Page Object Model Test Automation Frameworks using Selenium Experience with developing End to End automation scripts with Selenium and DevTest to cover front end validation and the middleware validations Experience using CI/CD pipeline to run automation scripts Experience in understanding the business requirements, identifying the scenarios, developing detailed Test scenarios / Test cases and Test Execution for the complete project lifecycle Good experience on Automation Frameworks (Keyword, Data driven) Dynamics 365 FO functional knowledge and experience with automating the Dynamics 365 Functionality with Selenium & TestNG will be an asset Experience in providing estimations for script development and execution Have good experience in Mobile Testing using tools like Appium for Android platform Fix X-Paths and run the regression suite for every deployment ISTQB certification is an asset 
ScrapedJobID709:
No Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Tuition reimbursement Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Quality Assurance: 3 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID710:
Develop, direct, and evolve Equitable’s continuous delivery capabilities and principles. Work with and mentor development and QA teams to enable principles, techniques, and solutions in the areas of CI/CD across multiple technology domains, etc. Actively participate in projects as a CI/CD SME to enable continuous delivery while mentoring other team members with a goal to enable teams to become self sufficient and more productive. Actively participate in cross team planning discussions to enable continuous delivery processes to continuously improve. Analyze how systems are being built, tested, and deployed to identify opportunities to reduce time and effort of those processes. Partner with solution delivery teams to maintain, support, and extend our existing in-house CI/CD frameworks. Mentor software development teams in design principles. Recommend systems designs or design changes using design principles to promote the creation of testable, loosely coupled systems and system components. Collaborate with software development leaders, Project Managers, Product Managers, and others to ensure smooth integration of continuous deployment solutions into various projects and SDLC methodologies. Meets regularly with IT leadership to provide metrics on Equitable Life’s capabilities in continuous delivery, CI\CD, and security of our existing applications. Stay up to date on the latest tools, technologies, trends and approaches within the quality and development spaces and incorporating changes that make sense into Equitable’s practices. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent qualifications in Software Engineering or Computer Science. 5+ years of hands-on experience in C#, Java and/or other object-oriented programming languages. 5+ years of hands-on experience in software development and design. 3+ years of hands-on experience in front-end technologies. 2+ years of hands-on experience in CI/CD pipelines. Experience orchestrating process changes with no direct authority. Strong understanding of architectural and OO design principles and patterns. Experience writing and evangelizing practice principles and best practices. Ability to present technical details to a non-technical audience. The ability to learn quickly and progress rapidly from theoretical exercises to real world delivery. Excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to produce clear, concise documentation. An aptitude for problem solving, with the ability to take a logical route to the source of an error. Self-motivated with the ability to learn quickly and independently and work within a team environment. Bonus pay Casual dress Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift DevOps: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID711:
Uses prototyping or other simulation techniques to evaluate and confirm requirements Creates and applies analysis documents (e.g. models) as per departmental standards, guidelines, and practices to document the structure and function of systems Creates and applies design documents (e.g. models) as per departmental standards, guidelines, and practices to document and refine the structure and function of systems Analyzes the requirements for purchased software to determine how it should be configured and customized. Prepare software specifications for development staff Participates in quality assurance activities, such as reviews Create, modify, and assemble program code to meet requirements and specifications Configures and customizes purchased software Test applications to ensure requirements are met Produce documentation Applies appropriate programming methods and adheres to standards Participates in quality assurance activities, such as reviews Provides technical support for existing Computer Applications, which includes problem analysis/resolution, performance tuning and handling requests from other functional areas within the WCB. Works with software vendors to resolve problems with their products Monitor application performance, availability, reliability, and security Provide technical expertise to IT and other WCB staff in the use of application development technology and tools Applies appropriate programming methods and adheres to standards Meet published Service Level Agreements and other targets Create and maintain test documentation as per standards and guidelines Identifies test strategy for projects Identifies test scope, tests, procedures for projects Plan, prepare data, perform, and verify unit, integration, system, performance, scalability, benchmark, and user acceptance testing. Review work products and ensure standards and guidelines are adhered to Identifies opportunities for IT to help meet business needs Identify/recommend standards, guidelines, methods, tools, techniques for new Software Development Environments (SDE’s) as well as opportunities for improvement. Participate in project planning Monitor and research technology trends 
ScrapedJobID712:
7+ years of experience working directly within engineering teams Experience partnering with product OR program management teams 3+ years of people management experience, managing engineers 3+ years of experience architecting and designing (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems 5+ years experience planning, designing, developing and delivering consumer software 3+ years experience as a People Manager in a software development organization Hands-on experience with design and development of highly scalable web services and systems Knowledge of Unix/Linux, C++ or Java, OO, and Service Oriented Architecture Proven track record of delivering significant results Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, or equivalent Strong verbal and written communication skills Build a best-in-class engineering team that delivers excellent results through rapid iterations Design and develop state-of-the-art approaches to solving complex and ambiguous problems Cultivate engineering and operational excellence through metrics and continuous learning Develop long term strategy for your programs and translate it into roadmap and action plan Report on status of development, quality, operations, and system performance to management Mentor and grow superstar SDEs to take on increasingly higher responsibilities Masters in Computer Science or related field Deep hands-on technical expertise Project Management experience with agile development methodology Ability to take raw product requirements and create software architectures and designs to bring them to life. Excellent interpersonal skills; ability to work successfully with teams across the organization, including Engineering, Program Management, Quality Assurance, and Senior Leadership Strong analytical and quantitative skills; ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions and opinions 
ScrapedJobID713:
Hyperion Consulting firm Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Remote work available Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Dental Benefits 
ScrapedJobID714:
Lead regular team meetings, including reviewing work in progress, conducting roadmap planning and setting/adjusting department priorities and strategic objectives Line manages Data Quality Coordinator staff members, monitoring performance and developing individual capability Provide guidance and support for goal creation and achievement through Performance Management Program Perform routine assessments on performance, providing and soliciting feedback from team members Document employee feedback and performance as well as initiating corrective action procedures as required Approve vacation days and office equipment requests Resolve Data Quality issues to: Triage activities according to business impact Record and report findings using standardized processes Conduct root cause analyses, as necessary Propose corrective actions Manage the creation of weekly/monthly data quality scorecards Coordinate, interpret, apply, and communicate Policy Reporter data quality principles to the wider company, including data stewards, technical owners, and company stakeholders. Inculcate data quality principles in processes and projects Make data quality initiatives and complex technical information understandable to audience specific stakeholders Oversee the creation and maintenance of data quality resources, including a company-wide data quality library of Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) Manage the allocation of DQAT members to act as data quality Subject Matter Expert (SME) on projects and initiatives, as needed Coordinate the execution of data profiling by using appropriate tools such as Splunk or SQL Ensure data quality meets client Service Level Agreements (SLAs), if applicable Collaborate with Product, Software Development and Data Analytics teams on initiatives in order to achieve Policy Reporter’s strategic objectives Act as a communication bridge between DQAT and other PolicyReporter teams. Foster positive working relationships with colleagues from other teams, in turn encouraging the rest of the DQAT to do so Directs the training of new DQAT members to ensure new hires meet their target learning objectives. Collaborates with other departments to ensure a comprehensive curriculum across the company. Solicits feedback on training programs and collaborates with the team to develop an enriched curriculum Responsible for assessing an applicant’s skill set, and likelihood of success and fit in DQAT. Collaborate with People & Culture to manage the hiring process Manage the documentation of procedures and guidelines for the DQAT Work with People & Culture and the Department Head to create an organisation structure that supports DQAT development as well as a safe and healthy working environment. Collaborates with team members to organize social events for team bonding and morale Champion the DQAT cause within Policy Reporter. Act as an ambassador for the DQAT to the rest of organisation, promoting team successes and championing initiatives to overcome team challenges Utilize established leadership competencies as the driving force behind the team’s success Teach, coach, and mentor team members as their primary trainer upon hire and on an ongoing basis Serve as the first point of escalation for issues; inform manager of escalations as needed and appropriate Manage internal issues or conflicts as the first point of escalation; resolve all issues peer-to-peer at the lowest possible level 3-5 years experience in a data quality or quality assurance role 2 - 3 years previous line management experience Interest and ability in solving complex problems using data-driven decision making Ability to communicate complex, industry specific subjects and ideas clearly, adapting your communication to technical and non-technical audiences Familiarity with Data Quality tools (SQL, DQS, pgAdmin, data visualization (e.g. Tableau), Splunk) Ability to develop cross team relationships Demonstrated understanding of statistics Demonstrated understanding of healthcare, health insurance, device and pharmaceutical industry products and processes Exceptional organizational skills Intimate familiarity with Microsoft Office Suite and Google Drive applications an asset Competitive compensation package including extended health benefits. Paid vacation, paid sick leave and Paid Volunteer Leave Remote work arrangement Employee Assistance Program Excellent opportunities for personal and career development. Collaborative and supportive Company culture 
ScrapedJobID715:
Test Case Development: Development of a series of test cases for applicable projects, both manual and automated. Participating in the review of project test plans and other assigned quality assurance related documents; Reviewing and analyzing system specifications and project documentation for the purpose of designing, building and maintaining test cases, both manual and automated; Aiding manual testing in manual testing, Localization testing and supporting automation script execution. Adhering to quality assurance procedures and standards as laid out by the QA Manager; Build and maintain repository of manually executed and/or automated test cases based on project requirements and change requests; Create and maintain performance testing initiatives and adhering to best practices; Status Reporting: As requested, provision of written status and progress reports. Update testing status and defects in defect repository daily. Reporting and tracking defects to resolution; Communicate regularly with Project/Team Representatives and participate in Quality review sessions; Test Case Automation & Execution: Creating, updating and executing automated test cases if deemed required. Executing test cases and providing testing results in preparation for projects releases and upgrades; Review project/release requirements and perform Gap Analysis; Work with various IT resources during the design, development, and implementation of IT Projects/Releases; Assist business users in User Acceptance Testing; Knowledge Transfer: Cross-training of SNB quality assurance testers to ensure knowledge of the deliverables is retained within GNB. Attend required meetings and workshops: Actively participate in solution design, product demonstrations and reviews, project status and team meetings. Attending team status meetings and working group meetings as required; Working closely with the Quality Assurance Team and Business leads to deliver assigned deliverables and meet project deadlines; A University degree in Computer Science, Business Administration or related discipline or certification in Information Technology from a recognized community college. An equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered. 5 years of testing experience in writing and executing test cases, automation scripting using Selenium, Java, python including multiple types of testing (e.g. functional, non-functional, performance, connectivity, regression, automation). 4 years of demonstrable experience in interpreting requirements documents, use cases, and storyboards as a means of developing test cases. Excellent communication skills (written and oral) in English. Submitted resumes must be 5 pages max, focus on the Scored Requirements (Desired Skill) and Deliverables. The Proponent should provide evidence of providing a similar role (develop & execute Quality Assurance (QA) Strategy and Test Plan) on one (1) large project that implemented significant business transformations supported by the delivery of a new IT solution. description of the project, including beginning and end dates of the project, description of the Proponents QA role on the project. Description should include details such as but not limited to: types of testing completed such as functional, non-functional, performance, connectivity, regression and automation; testing software and test automation tools leveraged; number of stakeholders (ex. Business, Solution Implementor, Client’s Operations Team, etc.) involved. Provide insight into how they were engaged and what contributions each provided to the QA deliverables and testing activities; deliverables produced in terms of Quality Assurance and Defect Reporting; Indicate greatest QA challenges for the Proponent on the project, and resolution for challenges; Experience with developing and executing Test Plans for Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Products/Solutions. For the project, the response should include as a minimum: description of the project, including beginning and end dates of the project, description of the Proponents QA role on the project. Description should include details such as but not limited to: were there interfacing to external systems; data conversion test cases included; types of testing completed such as functional, non-functional, performance, connectivity, regression and automation; testing software and test automation tools leveraged; deliverables produced in terms of Quality Assurance and Defect Reporting; Experience (writing and executing) with testing software and test automation tools (HP Quality Center – ALM / UFT (Unified Functional Test, Selenium / Java / Python, PyCharm). Describe the scope of the testing methods / framework implemented for automation for the referenced project(s). Resource possesses experience conducting manual testing and regression testing on projects using agile/scrum software development methodologies. Demonstrated ability to work on tasks for multiple projects at various stages of development. Describe approach, tools and challenges that need to be managed when performing QA services on multiple projects. Experience with supporting the User Acceptance Testing process including working with the Business Owners and execution of Test Plans, Test Cases/Scripts, Defect Reporting and Resolution tracking etc. Describe the coordination and support activities that proponent provided. Demonstrate experience in using selenium, developing framework, Experiences with source control (Git, SVN, Perforce, TFS, etc.) Completion of a Quality Assurance certificate program or a Quality Assurance certification is an asset; EX: ISTQB Monday to Friday quality assurance: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID716:
Create and execute manual test cases, troubleshoot defects, and perform exploratory manual testing. Build and maintain an effective suite of automated tests to continually ensure quality and increase team velocity. Build and maintain a set of performance labs, focused on stress testing setups similar to customer environments. Set up and maintain a set of cloud services to test usage of back-end cloud components. Create test cases, and maintain the test case backlog for both manual and automated test cases. Work as part of a self-directed team in which you determine your tasks on a daily basis in coordination with co-workers, rather than waiting for work to be assigned to you. Contribute to advancements in overall quality within the team and company. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer/Software Engineering or equivalent work experience 5+ years of quality assurance experience, including 2+ years of programming or 2+ years automated testing Experience writing test cases, creating test plans and executing tests Experience designing and implementing load and performance tests Experience with deployment of cloud based services – knowledge of Azure DevOps is a plus Experience with Gherkin, Cucumber, C#, Postman, Selenium WebDriver and other test automation tools, and concepts such as unit testing and performance/load testing Solid knowledge of and experience using Windows Server Operating Systems (2012, 2016) Experience working in an Agile environment Demonstrated superior troubleshooting, analytical, and problem solving skills Ability to work independently & meticulously with minimal guidance towards tight product delivery timelines Strong written and verbal communication skills Ability to quickly learn and apply new technologies & continuously learning Have fun creating great customer experiences Your work is a reflection of you Celebrate us all the time The ego is the enemy Impossible – What’s that? S* happens – adjust and learn Don’t be afraid of chaos and discomfort Do what you say & say what you mean Give abundantly to your family, team and communities 
ScrapedJobID717:
Analyze, document, and prioritize bug reports. Define, implement, and maintain a testing suite. Create and document test scenarios.
Test plan
Smoke tests
Landing tests
Functional tests
Regression tests Test plan Smoke tests Landing tests Functional tests Regression tests Participate in the project quality assurance and manual testing effort. Configure and prepare testing environments. Assist the quality assurance and development team to be more efficient. Participate to software releases. Apply software development processes and policies defined by the development management team. College diploma in software development or equivalent experience. Minimum 3 years of experience in quality assurance or software development. General knowledge of the software development cycle. Proficiency in agile methodology. Good knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel and Outlook. Knowledge of Robot Framework, Python, Appium, an asset. Knowledge of XML, Json, JavaScript, html, C# and SQL languages, an asset. Knowledge of Postman, REST APIs. Good command of written and spoken French and English. 
ScrapedJobID718:
Quality assurance across Rocky Mountaineer’s key business applications, systems and platforms (i.e. CRM, website, financial solutions, CMMS, rail operation system etc.) Supporting multiple testing types (QA, regression, UAT, integration, smoke, performance) using both manual and automated methods as required Developing, executing, debugging, and maintaining automated and manual test scripts for all application testing Document all testing initiatives to ensure that the end user can reuse the test scenario to ensure quality work moving forward and help transition the project into support Application maintenance analysis through monitoring system issues and conducting preventative maintenance across various systems. Deliver high quality service to all internal and external stakeholders adhering to Rocky Mountaineer’s processes, procedures, standards and methodologies Work collaboratively as part of a cross functional team with product managers, business analysts and software developers Ensure all work adheres to and is in line with Rocky Mountaineers data governance model Contributes as part of the Application Support Group to ensure all change/release and incident tickets are addressed Monitoring and reporting on results for all testing activities provided in a timely manner Champion quality guidelines and standards (including QA best practices) As a senior member of the QA team, Assist in mentoring, training and on boarding of junior and intermediate QA team members and 3rd party QA colleagues Support the Manager, Quality Assurance with other projects and tasks as required Post-Secondary degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering; or similar technical field preferred Certifications such as CSQA Quality Auditor, Quality Engineer, Quality Improvement Associate, Six Sigma, etc. would be an asset 5-7 years working in a technical (preferably application) team with 3+ years in testing, release management or a similar function Demonstrated experience in testing ERP or CRM applications both front-end and at database level, including but not limited to designing and manipulating test data and data integrity Experience with multiple technologies including but not limited to PaaS applications, custom applications, and API / web services Strong understanding of IS concepts, including data models and application integrations Strong hands-on development and scripting background (Java, Python, Java Script, HTML, CSS) Experience with test automation tools for the creation and maintenance of test scenarios Experience on the Salesforce platform is an asset Strong attention to detail and quality work Team-oriented and customer focussed with a collaborative in approach with proven ability to work with multiple internal and external stakeholders across varying levels of an organization Strong analytical, creative and problem-solving skills Strong ability to manage multiple conflicting priorities, including the prioritization of tasks, working independently, and ensuring the delivery of quality work with tight deadlines Demonstrated experience working with detailed technical information and has hands-on technology experience Adheres to IT methodologies and disciplines as outlined Strong interpersonal and communications skills with the ability to adapt in a complex and changing environment 
ScrapedJobID719:
Understanding UI, cross-browser compatibility, and general web functionality and standards Utilizing web applications and programming languages Collaborating with team members to determine the website’s layout, content, and design Writing code for websites and working in WordPress CMS Creating and testing web apps Monitoring analytics and adjusting for SEO best practices Creating systems of automation for internal efficiencies (familiarity with ERP systems, preferably in a manufacturing setting) Understanding programing and formatting languages like PHP, JavaScript, jQuery, Python, HTML5, CSS, etc. Experience with relational and non-relational databases and connections Basic UI/UX design Excellent writing and communication skills Problem solving and creative thinking Self-motivation and good time management Experience developing WordPress plugins Experience developing WordPress themes/templates using Elementor Experience working with AWS Server Solutions Experience with data capture, analysis, and monetization Experience with open-source technology An obsession for quality control and assurance with app testing and design Stays up to date with everything to do with IoT Project management skills, such as Agile project management methodology Truly believes in that “it’s always been done this way” type of thinking is one of the most dangerous statements and is always looking for a better way of doing things Can accomplish tasks on time through accountability Has outstanding communication and interpersonal skills Has excellent organizational and leadership skills with a problem-solving ability Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site parking Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Front-end development: 3 years (preferred) UI development: 3 years (preferred) Web design: 3 years (preferred) IT: 3 years (preferred) Digital marketing: 3 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID720:
Develop test plans and review written test cases to ensure complete test coverage. Perform manual testing on our products to ensure product quality standards are achieved. Oversee others that are performing/writing test cases to ensure they properly test according to test plans. Identify ways to improve on testing for efficiency, reliability and improved overall quality Provide status reports to track progress. Assist in identifying ways to improve progress tracking. Assist in reviewing current QA trends to find new tools and methods to keep QA process is economically up to date. Bachelor’s degree or associate’s with experience in the field. Technical proficiency must be able to use computers and generate reports. Ability to analyze data and create and review processes. Excellent communication skills. A desire to help others achieve their best. Willingness to assist other departments to develop solutions and metrics. Eye for detail. 
ScrapedJobID721:
Educating customers on what’s required for successful implementations Creating design alternatives, producing work estimates, recommendations, and securing agreement on designs that satisfy customer requirements and reflect industry best practices Establishing a shared vision of project success during project initiation and confirming a common understanding of project scope, delivery approach, task ownership, and deliverables Controlling and communicating project scope, schedule, budget, and risk to customers and management Leading regular project discussions with customers and project teams to review work plans, risks, actions, issues, and decisions that drive projects to completion and minimize “time to value” Gathering and documenting customer functional and technical requirements Configuring the software based on the solution design performing quality assurance to minimizing rework (no coding required) Delivering administrator, train-the-trainer, and end-user training sessions, and authoring training materials as required (including documents, decks, videos, etc.) Collaborate with the Sales team and lead presales activities with customers which result in a common understanding of project success factors, scope of work, and cost of the required Services. Establishes a communication channel with Product Management to share market feedback and gain insight into the product roadmap 5+ years of prior experience in delivering enterprise off-the-shelf software or incident management solutions Experience with Visio, MS Project, MS Office, and CRM’s such as Salesforce Experience within Risk Management, Internal Audit, and Regulatory Compliance Management or Corporate Security is a bonus but not a must have! You love to make customers happy regardless of any obstacle! You’re a go-getter with an excellent ability to manage ongoing projects simultaneously You have exceptional communication skills and get pumped speaking with customers You’re a self-starter who can take charge of tasks with minimal direction (we’re not fans of micro-management) You’re accountable for your work! You take the time to invest in research, learning, and practice to make yourself an expert in your field! Team: we have smart, talented and curious people you'll work with and learn from. We collaborate a lot too, which means bonus points for people who love cross-functional learning. Impact: we solve complex challenges for some of the world's most recognized organizations. Our customers use our software to help reduce the frequency and severity of negative events to protect people, product and organizational success. What we do matters. Professional development: we have an external learning budget to help you grow and develop. We also have great online learning internally for you to tap in to. It's a Scale-up: what does that even mean? We have the best elements of a start-up blended with the stability and process design of an enterprise. There is still a lot of white space though, so people to take initiative to help us get better! Vacation: it's open, which means we don't worry about an accrual clock. Open vacation has been called a bit of scam, so we'll tell you that most Resolverites enjoy between 3-4 weeks off a year. Parental leave: best-in-class top-up for new parents - 100% for 15 weeks new parents and a bonus 5 weeks for birth Moms. Great benefits: 100% paid by us for health and dental from day one. And our vision care is every 12 months! We also offer a wellness/fitness reimbursement, that can go towards things like gym memberships, yoga classes, soccer membership fees or a bike. Office perks: coffee/tea/lattes…snacks and more. Ping-pong, games night, beer o'clock, chess, Switch, foodie bake-offs, and salad days are great ways for people to come together. This role is expected to begin remotely due to COVID-19. 
ScrapedJobID722:
Maintain and post content to main WordPress website bladdercancercanada.org Set-up and configure online fundraising events on peer-to-peer fundraising platform Manage data in BCC’s Contact Relationship Management database Analyze organisational needs; research IT software applications and determine suitability for tooling enhancements Manage and report Google analytics across websites; analyze trends Migrate data from one third party provider to another, as needed Troubleshoot and document technical procedures; create user documentation in support of all process for staff and constituents Create and maintain payment gateways across platforms Implement technical projects, including establishing and maintaining APIs Ensure optimization of hardware and network set-up; install upgrades Ensure all IT equipment are equipped with the organization’s universal security software; monitor the administrator console daily for security alerts and immediately address concerns Coordinate regularly-scheduled online cybersecurity training for all staff and perform full administrator functions on the training portal (e.g., adds/removes users); ensure password updates are completed regularly Provide technical support and remote remediation of technical issues for staff and volunteers, as needed Provide training to staff and key volunteers on new software and systems as required Format and schedule bulk emails, in accordance with CASL compliance Perform quality assurance audits as needed Ensure web portal, document storage and database meet PIPEDA requirements Ensure IT policies and procedures are adhered to and utilize best practices Organize disposal of old hardware in accordance with best practise. University degree or college diploma relating to the field of information technology, web design or computer science, or equivalent practical work experience. Industry related certifications such as ITIL, CISSP, CRISC, COMPTIA are an asset 3-5 years of technical experience with strong knowledge in the installation, configuration, and support of highly scalable systems including front-end servers, web servers, back-end servers and databases, and application interfaces Minimum 3 years’ experience programming development and custom scripting experience A minimum of 2 years of hands-on experience relating to providing support with online systems and working in a Microsoft 365 environment. a working knowledge of CRMs and CMSs proficiency in front end development use of HTML and CSS; WordPress Knowledge of IT standards, methodologies, and regulatory requirements Experience with procedures and best practices to protect privacy and security of confidential, personal and private information Exceptional problem solving, attention-to-detail, and time management skills with the ability to take initiative to respond to priorities Adept logical troubleshooting, testing experience, task management skills, and root cause analysis abilities Experience with MailChimp, Constant Contact or similar platform Responsive and flexible to evolving responsibilities and priorities- all staff must be able to successfully “switch gears” quickly to respond to different priorities, with their work varying from day-to-day Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to work independently and develop strong working relationships with various teams and stakeholders Strong problem solving and investigative skills An eye for visual presentation and strong attention to detail Ability to learn quickly, picking up new technologies in a fast-paced environment Equipped to work remotely, with reliable internet connection Willingness and flexibility to occasionally work outside of normal business hours, including evenings and weekends, during peak periods French fluency is an asset Experience with project management and related tools an asset Experience in a registered charity considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID723:
A completed Bachelor’s degree within Management Information Systems (MIS), Computer Science (CS) majors are preferred 5+ years of software testing experience 3+ years of working with testing and development tools such as Postman Proven performance in a team lead capacity Understanding Data-Driven and API testing Proven success in the design and implementation of automated functional and regression test suites with the use of automated testing tools Experience writing SQL queries, interacting with SQL databases Experience designing test automation frameworks and/or programs – must have Linux scripting knowledge Experience with QA functions within different SDLC methodologies Ability to lead integrated QA projects Experienced in producing test plans, test status reports, test cases Ability to manage test processes through all phases of the SDLC for both Waterfall and Agile (SCRUM, KANBAN) Team player with a track record for meeting strict deadlines Lead, coordinate and provide direction and support to the teams on all QA activities, QA deliverables, priorities, timelines, resource assignment, and testing metrics across multiple projects on one or more systems/software with development lifecycle methodologies Participate in case-analysis, to better understand the inner working of all the sub-systems and gain knowledge for better future bug-proofing the whole ecosystem Build, setup and maintain automated and manual testing environments within the organization and the CI/CD process Take lead of testing activities so as to reduce risk, eliminate waste, discover defects and increase overall product quality Participate in Capacity and Planning meetings providing recommendations for shifting priorities and mitigation strategies to implement scheduling changes Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Do you have experience in a stand alone Quality Assurance Role? quality assurance: 1 year (preferred) QA: 5 years (required) People Management: 1 year (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID724:
Analyze user stories with a functional analysist and the design with a software architect. Develop solutions from the backlog of user stories (both Backend and Frontend). Ensure the product is up to quality standards & implement improvements requested by QA, UAT and customer feedback (Feedback loop). Participate in the production launch for aeronautics industry customers based worldwide. Follow a combination of both Agile (Daily) and Waterfall (Strategic Plan) methodologies. React.js CSS NodeJS TypeScript JAVA NextJS MySQL / MariaDB PostgreSQL AWS S3 Integration GitHub JIRA CI/CD Process Linux Docker Technologies AWS Cloud Technologies 
ScrapedJobID725:
Proven experience participating in the implementation and support of SAP Finance and Controlling Modules to enhance business functionality and performance Proven experience in testing SAP FI/CO modules FI/CO configuration experience, and/or experience testing SD, CRM, or MM modules will be a great plus Must be able to provide support and stewardship of end-to-end integration solutions between SAP and other SAP & non-SAP systems Proven ability to take the lead on testing and documentation for multiple systems integrated with SAP Should work collaboratively with the broader Functional and business teams to capture QA scope and build and execute robust QA test suites Proven track record of following testing processes, standards, and guidelines within a software testing lifecycle Must have experience working with remote teams Minimum of 4 years hands-on experience in SAP Finance (preferably SAP FI/CO, S4HANA Finance) 1 or more end-end-end SAP Finance implementations, including hands-on functional/QA test experience Academic background in Finance or Accounting will be a plus Proven experience integrating SAP with other corporate applications will be a great asset Knowledge and/or experience in the new SAP-GL Business knowledge and process design skills Demonstrated experience with production incident management process and defect triage Exemplary communications skills specifically in communicating complex/technical projects information to a wide business audience 
ScrapedJobID726:
Identify and report root cause of defects and issues found during testing Develop and automate test cases that align to the test strategy to ensure an effective risk-based approach while validating the integrity of our systems Refresh and maintain test environments Maintain existing automation scripts to support changes Perform backend database testing in different environments Execute and evaluate manual or automated test cases and report test results Establish and maintain thorough and accurate documentation of all work Work closely with software developers and product owners to understand user scenarios, requirements, and typical usage workflows, technical issues, impact, and risk areas Perform functional, integration and regression testing Understand the automation framework Develop new automation test scripts and maintain the tests to assist in all stages of the product life cycle At least 5 years of experience in test automation using Selenium, Soap UI, ReadyAPI or equivalent test automation tools Strong knowledge of Jenkins Experience in design and development experience with Automation Testing frameworks and tools such as Selenium, JMeter, Cucumber/Gherkin, SOAP-UI Experience in practical application of Quality Assurance metrics and methodologies Ability to identify, record, document, and track bugs using Azure Devops or Jira Demonstrated analytical mind and problem-solving aptitude and strong organizational skills Knowledge of programming languages like JavaScript, HTML, and CSS Familiarity with the software development process Design automation framework from scratch Ability to work with both local and remote teams and resources 
ScrapedJobID727:
What you will do: * Assess, evaluate, and maintain. You will develop an understanding of our product and how test automation fits into the deployment phase. You will assess our current testing frameworks, tools, and processes. You will make recommendations for improvements and execute those adjustments. Knowledge sharing. You will attend Architecture, Scrum, and Release meetings to understand where, what, and when testing needs to occur. Develop and execute testing strategies. You will design and run functional, integration, regression testing, and automation test frameworks for front and backend functionality. Mentor a team. You will provide technical guidance to 5+ Software Developers in Test (SDTs). Collaborate. You will work with development teams to identify testing needs for their projects and work with business partners to build cross-team test plans. You will ensure holistic testing goals are met with each deployment and release. Be a Testing Automation champion. You will advocate for embedding testing at every stage of the SDLC, nurturing collaboration and information sharing across teams. You will deliver on automation initiatives, best practices, and quality standards. You will proactively identify gaps, tell us what we need, and get it done. The experience. You have 5+ years combined experience in automation testing, building frameworks, and leading technical work on SaaS products. You have expertise designing, planning, and executing manual and automation testing for B2B products in a short cycle CI/CD environment. You are effective at analyzing how product changes affect testing requirements. You have hands-on knowledge of JavaScript testing libraries (or similar) and performance testing tools, as well as GitHub and Jira. The knowledge. You come with your own set of insights, lessons learned, approaches to integrating QA testing across the SDLC, and technologies. You know how to apply your expertise to level up the quality of our feature releases. The passion. You are self-motivated, self-directed, and you are excited at the prospect of working on exciting tech with other friendly and enthusiastic developers and automation testers in an Agile Scrum environment. Total Rewards: We offer a competitive salary and benefits package that reflects the value you bring to Vena. We want you to grow with Vena and celebrate its success with our Employee Stock Option Program (ESOP). We look ahead and invest in your future with our Retirement Savings Matching Program. We also provide comprehensive health benefits through our employer group plan effective from day one. Career Growth: We invest in your job training, professional development, and continuing education and offer an Education Subsidy. Pursue your interests and chart your growth towards a new position on your current team or a new one. Vena had 100+ employee promotions and internal moves to new roles in 2020 - that's almost 30%! Total Rewards: Grow with Vena and celebrate its success with our Employee Stock Option Program (ESOP). We look ahead and invest in your future with our Retirement Savings Matching Program. We also provide comprehensive health benefits through our employer group plan effective from day one. Unique Culture:  Join us in our ongoing commitment to build a diverse and inclusive workplace. Every voice, action and idea matters at Vena. Career Growth: We invest in your job training, professional development and continuing education and offer an Education Subsidy. Pursue your interests and chart your growth towards a new position on your current team or a new one. Vena had 100+ employee promotions and internal moves to new roles in 2020! Executive Leadership:  Be inspired by our executive leadership as they lead and motivate our team. Read what employees say about working at Vena! Glassdoor Comparably Indeed 
ScrapedJobID728:
Lead our QA team, with skills in manual testing and software test automation while cultivating team members’ growth through feedback, coaching and career development. Provide technical guidance and direction while overseeing the delivery of commitments across all team members Implement strategies to improve efficiency, accelerate time to release, improve software quality, and reduce defect occurrences Establish consistent methods for assessing and communicating product quality Collaborate with development teams to drive automation, enable the testing of new features, and to ensure proper test coverage and approach Creating and managing estimates, test strategy, planning, scheduling, resource allocation and expenses to meet the targets Coordinate with the product, engineering, and design teams to meet key objectives, and advocate for quality Lead the hiring, onboarding and training of the quality assurance team A computer science degree or equivalent experience. Strong experience with Appium & Selenium, as well as manual testing experience 3+ years managing teams Ability to design automation frameworks for different applications Experience in supporting release management A strong working knowledge of SDLC - Agile and Scrum Thorough understanding and experience with the Testing Pyramid and how to put it into practice Strong leadership skills with a commitment to continuous improvement and professional development A strong belief in the Shift Left philosophy and experience in implementation A proven ability to motivate and lead a team to meet tight deadlines 
ScrapedJobID729:
or equivalent experience Android Microsoft Visio Microsoft Visual Studio Eclipse Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Informatica Microsoft Dynamics AX (x++) Criminal record check Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Sitting Tight deadlines Word processing software Java Internet C Extranet Security software HTML editing software Web service design MS Office Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Dental Benefits 
ScrapedJobID730:
Works in a collaborative manner with the Business Account Manager (BAM) from a Business Requirements Document, develops and documents Performs preliminary analysis of functional requirements to identify data, process and application changes or defect fixes. Assists clients in developing correction strategies. Defines and documents interfaces of manual to automated operations within application subsystems, to external systems, and between new and existing systems. Create and document data profiles to drive data modeling and source to target mappings Create and maintain data mappings, transformation logic (for logical and physical models) to support implementation and ongoing maintenance of the Ensure data models evolve to meet new and changing business needs. Possesses SQL and PL/SQL skills with an excellent understanding of the Oracle database environment and data warehouse design and modeling concepts. Has knowledge of database relationships and table design to support modeling approach and standards compliance. Provides detailed analysis on all new data model and ETL development requests to ensure the solution is developed in an efficient manner and works Works with developers and quality assurance testers to ensure that there is a complete understanding of the Technical Requirements Document. Supports Defect Management process, using a defect triage approach, for both integration and UAT; Provides regular project status updates. Possesses excellent oral and written communication skills and works well in team environment. Technical Diploma in IT with Equivalent Experience Oracle SQL/PLSQL Certification (Optional) 5+ years of IT experience as a minimum Very good knowledge of consulting practices and systems development (SDLC). Proficient in Waterfall and Agile SDLC methodologies Ability to develop detailed documentation of impact and changes to systems Ability to operate within an Oracle environment – SQL essential, to perform SQL queries on databases for data analysis purposes Ability to map business requirements to technical requirements carefully detailing the before and after states of the system resulting from the change. Must be able to understand the insurance, managed care business in order to intelligently interact with others. Working knowledge in the following areas: ETL and Data Quality, Toad or SQL Developer SVN or other Configuration management tools MS Excel, Visio and PowerPoint Oracle 11g, SQL Server, MS Access, ERwin, ER/Studio, or similar tool Cognos or similar reporting tool SQL , PL/SQL, XML Experience with highly normalized and star schema database approaches Oracle Certification would be an asset Experience with Health Insurance Experience in supporting various standard EDI transactions Ensuring EDI interfaces are performing as designed Collaborating with payer, clearinghouses and/or trading partners Solving EDI incidents/problems and actively managing and communicating issues Knowledge of end-to-end EDI processes with proven hands-on experience In depth knowledge of Other HIPAA/EDI X12 4010/5010 healthcare-related file formats General understanding of the file transfer protocol (FTP) process and SQL Experience in SOAP UI Working on Source to Target mapping on EDI loops and elements. Knowledge in TIBCO Job process and various TIBCO services. Strong written and oral communication skills Effective status reporting Critical eye for detail Positive attitude Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work as a team Ability to see the big picture (thinking out of the box) Able to multitask effectively Have excellent time management, task planning and prioritization skills Able to adapt quickly to changing client requirements Able to work effectively with minimal supervision Enjoy working in a self-teaching, learning organization Ability to build strong relationships with clients and team members LI-KE1 Data Analysis SDLC SQL/PL SQL Technical Analysis Test Strategies Data Modeling EDI Gateway TIBCO 
ScrapedJobID731:
Handle incident management for all Hedgerows application software support requests, which can include case or issue management, training and software upgrade/installations. Handle incident management and proactive monitoring of the client’s cloud infrastructure and hosting of our enterprise-class application. Handle incident management for support of client self-hosted application. Assist in deployment and support of PaaS, IaaS and SaaS solutions such as Azure as a Service and VMware. Perform necessary migration of data and services. Assist other team members to address Client needs during project cycles (installing Company’s application software, new Client implementation tasks and supporting Clients with technical environment inquiries). Respond to all reported incidents/inquiries within time frames outlined in Service Level Agreements. Contribute to our Knowledge base by documenting how-to questions, making workflow suggestions, and troubleshooting application and technical problems. Install company’s proprietary software server and application software. Assist the Development and Quality Assurance teams for environment updates. and application installations. Install and support web services. Assist to coordinate, install and update server patches and supporting tools. Assist in monitoring and correcting issues for our internal infrastructure including LAN/WAN networks, storage, Windows server environment, VMWare, Cloud and physical servers. Perform email system administration. Troubleshoot internal IT issues and provide resolution. Support any additional internal IT systems. Occasional work outside of business hours is required. On-call pager rotation is required. Exceptional written and oral communication skills. Prior experience in Application Software Support, Microsoft Azure cloud environments, and/or Networking/technical support. A strong understanding of cloud environments. Minimum 1 - 3 years of application/network support. Azure Administrator certification is required within 3 months of hire. Post-secondary education in a computer related discipline such as networking or equivalent experience. You have an aptitude for acquiring skills and eagerness to learn that allows you to quickly acquire the knowledge of emerging technologies and apply it to our Azure cloud and other infrastructure needs. You are a critical, creative thinker and problem solver, resourceful with a highly developed attention to detail that enables you to ‘think out of the box’ to solve client’s questions regarding our software and technical issues effectively. A positive and professional Team Player who is willing to ‘lend a hand’ wherever necessary. You always have a positive attitude and have a customer-focused approach that will enable you to deal with challenging situations and priorities with integrity, empathy and sincerity. Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID732:
Understand the current business architecture, processes and models and relating them to data, systems and applications; identifying system and data requirements specifications for implementing IT solutions. Interacting with business users and system stakeholders to identify business, functional and data gaps and needs, gather and elicit comprehensive functional, data and technical requirements for system development. Conducting gap analysis between current systems and new business requirements and collaborating with system architects and developers to estimate impact to the system architecture, system/data design and development activities and tasks required to support the new functionality. Delivering quality functional and technical requirements documentation and detailed system specifications to be used for the development and maintenance of the new and existing software applications, databases, systems and solutions, including: Use Case descriptions, User Stories, System / Data Models, Data Dictionaries, Data Flows, Interface Specifications, Data Mapping and Business rules etc. Collaborating with Development, QA, and Operations team members to communicate, verify, and test the desired functionality changes. Working with the QA team to assure that QA and testing process and activities provide sufficient coverage and assurance of the system software meeting functional and technical requirements and agreed quality criteria. Working with the business stakeholders and product owners to demonstrate and review changes to the systems to ensure all relevant business needs and functions are addressed as expected. Recommending and institutionalizing BA/BSA best practices, methodology and tools. University degree in Computer Science/Engineering and/or Business/Commerce/Finance. At least 3 years of experience as a Business Systems / Data Analyst. Highly organized, ability to multi-task and work well under pressure. Strong critical thinking skills, including systems, business analysis, risk analysis, conflict resolution and decision-making abilities, keen attention to detail. Strong analytical and product management skills, including a thorough understanding of how to interpret business requirements into data models, data flows, functional and operational requirements. Experience with planning and execution of data conversion and migration projects. Understanding of the relational database design and modeling, data queries and reporting, data integration and ETL. Database querying and data reporting - familiarity with SQL Server / SQL Management Studio, SQL etc. Proficient skills in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Visio, Access). Knowledge of the application development practices working as a member of an application development team practicing software development lifecycle methodologies – "waterfall", Agile/Scrum etc. Experience working with Planning, Agile or DevOps tools – Azure DevOps, Atlassian (Jira), Asana etc. Experience working in Financial Services or Wealth Industry is strongly preferred. 
ScrapedJobID733:
Perform QA of customer-facing content in the Relyance AI application (predictions of machine learning models in particular), find patterns in errors, and report on your findings Collaborate with external vendors, machine learning engineers, and legal experts to curate, QA, and deliver high-quality labeled data Develop and improve QA and data labeling workflows to drive operational efficiency Establish and improve metrics collection and reporting A Bachelor’s degree Strong attention to detail Strong project management skills An analytical mindset and an ability to find patterns Excellent written and verbal communication skills A strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive An ability to handle ambiguity and changing priorities Experience in a QA role (preferred) Experience working as a paralegal (preferred) Experience labeling ML data sets (preferred) Experience writing or editing content for a web product (preferred) Basic knowledge of Python or other programming languages (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID734:
Develop and support a best-in-class internal and external-facing API layer for application integration Using an Enterprise Service Bus architectural model, define systems integrations including integration, APIs, and dataflow designs Develops API using a combination of: Java, JBoss, JSON, XML, Queues (JMS, MSMQ, Active MQ), RAML Implement CI/CD best practices in the use of: AWS, GitHub, Maven, Jenkins, Nexus, MUnit, JMeter Create API Functional specifications and technical detailed design Perform API design and code reviews Create build artifacts using GitHub, Maven, MUnit, Develop unit testing artifacts using Postman and SoapUI Business Acumen Develop/possess an understanding of business processes in the banking industry Leadership Provide technical leadership in the area of integration development Project Management Jointly responsible with the Quality Assurance team to ensure systems are appropriately tested and meets requirements Provide subject matter expertise to support decision making on projects’ scope based on priority, business value and development resources Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or equivalent technology discipline Minimum 4 – 6 Years of Job-Related Experience Minimum 2 years of experience in integration development or related experience in a multi-application enterprise environment with mission critical systems. Minimum 2 years of experience with API development including defining and applying API management best practices. 2+ years of experience with Java, JBoss, JSON, XML, MS SQL Server or Oracle, Queues (JMS, MSMQ, Active MQ), RAML. Good understanding of Service Oriented Architecture, Enterprise Application Integration using an ESB (TIBCO or Mulesoft) and ETL processes. Integration & API Associate and demonstrated competency with API development with Mulesoft Mulesoft certification is an asset. Experience working with external vendors for software service delivery. Experience with using CI/CD tools such as GitHub, Maven, Jenkins Experience with financial services and knowledge of FI software an asset Experience with Spring Framework and Cloud technology such as AWS or Azure an asset Advanced ability to map complex business issues to elegant technology solutions Advanced experience with Mulesoft ESB, AWS, GitHub, Maven, Jenkins, Nexus, MUnit, JMeter Advanced experience with Java, C# .Net, JBoss, JSON, XML, MS SQL Server or Oracle, Queues (JMS, MSMQ, Active MQ), RAML Advanced knowledge in Agile development methodologies Ability to manage and prioritize a complex workload with minimal supervision Advanced knowledge of and adherence to Software Development Life Cycle methodology Advanced verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to write comprehensive technical documentation and coach or influence others We improve Canadians’ financial well-being through providing simple financial help. Employees do what’s best for our members. Every day. We believe in being a great corporate citizen so we invest in our local communities by donating our time, money and expertise. Our employees take advantage of the many opportunities to grow their careers. Employees love having a cool place to work, which includes wearing their jeans on Fridays & Saturdays and being recognized with a virtual (and, at times, an actual) high-five. Our inspiring leaders help our employees develop their talents and encourage them to be their fabulous selves. We have a unique culture where we take our business seriously, but ourselves, not so much. In 2018, we earned double kudos by being named one of BC’s Top Employers and one of Canada’s Best Managed Companies – two of the nation’s most coveted business awards, may we add. Extra exciting is the fact that we’ve been given the Best Managed award for 17 years in a row. 
ScrapedJobID735:
Based on contractual obligations work with our clients to scope out and plan for their implementation onto the Shareworks™ equity platform Work with clients ranging from startups to emerging tech giants to understand the needs and goals of their equity compensation program. Maintain and utilize the project workflow tools and checklists to manage your project deliverables and provide consistent transparency on project status Host regular meetings with the client, project team, and internal stakeholders to discuss upcoming deliverables, work though roadblocks and align around target completion dates. Work with clients to gather equity plan data in standardized templates. Identify data gaps/risk factors, review templates after submission, ensuring data templates are complete and are ready to be worked on by an Implementation Specialist. Achieve an expert level understanding of the Shareworks™ platform in order to support clients’ and internal stakeholders’ technical queries Be a subject matter expert on equity-based compensation plans and share best-practices with both clients and internal stakeholders Ensure continuous learning with regards to new product enhancements, and their integration into team processes through regular review of release notes and engagement with product team(s) Build strong relationships with software developers and other technical experts to facilitate requests as needed for: Perform quality assurance reviews, and request configuration updates by the Implementation Specialist where appropriate Analyze existing processes and tools, with the goal of identifying gaps and opportunities for enhanced efficiency and quality wherever possible Ensure quality control of all developed and modified solutions through testing and dedicated adherence to capture of standard audit evidences With a client life-cycle focus, ensure that internal and client-facing implementation-related documentation is complete and current, ensuring downstream teams are set up for success Degree or diploma in Data Management, Business, Economics, Finance, STEM, or similar field is preferred Advanced Excel skills, including formulas and functions for data manipulation Experience working with data migration, or the management and manipulation of large datasets that at times may be ambiguous Experience working in a client facing position, dealing with decision-makers and C-suite leaders Demonstrated experience with expectation management is strongly preferred Understanding of equity and employee benefit plans Proven time management proficiency Strong analytical, problem-solving skills, and high attention-to-detail Comfortable in a fast-paced and evolving environment which often requires self-driven ongoing learning and training opportunities Proven success working in highly collaborative, team-centric environments is a must Proven success at delivering an exceptional customer experience Exposure to, or experience with, agile methodologies and environments is desired Demonstrated proficiency with technology and technical concepts 
ScrapedJobID736:

ScrapedJobID737:
Directs and provides oversight for the commissioning and qualification of new and existing production equipment and instruments, including major capital projects. Develops new and optimizes existing process validation procedures and technical transfer activities, including assessments of Critical Quality Attributes and identification and analysis of Critical Process Parameters. Drafts, reviews and executes validation/qualification protocols and reports related to equipment, process validation and technical transfer of the manufacturing processes from development and research departments to production. Is one of the quality contacts and primary Subject Matter Experts (SME) for Validation and Quality Risk Management. Ensures the site Validation Master Plan remains current and aligned with corporate policies and industry standards/expectations. Represents the Validation Program for Quality Assurance Department in customer / regulatory audits and responds to audit observations and corrective actions. Identifies and implements improvement opportunities for established quality systems, validation processes, and technical transfer procedures. Understands and supports current industry practices for CAPA, Change Control, Deviation, Risk Management, and Investigation processes and procedures. Collaborates with cross functional groups, including Quality, Manufacturing, Process Development, Engineering, and Regulatory Affairs. Provides technical assistance and training for personnel. Files and maintains controlled documents. Exhibits a good working knowledge of current GMP, ICH, Health Canada and FDA guidelines and regulations related to quality systems and validation procedures that are being updated for the new industry trends and upcoming changes. Other duties as assigned. 
ScrapedJobID738:
Developing process to test pre-release features and verify functionality, content, usability and software compatibility Partnering with designers and developers to provide feedback and support to deliver on common goals Contributing to the advancement and improvement of the QA team through sharing of best practices, mentoring teammates, streamlining processes and test automation 2+ years testing experience in the games industry, ideally in free-to-play mobile games Familiarity with both Android and Apple devices Strong aptitude to learn quickly and effectively A sense of humour and a work hard, play hard attitude 
ScrapedJobID739:
Contribute in the full lifecycle management of software development, including requirement gathering and analysis, design, task/issue management, implementation, release, and support. Write code! Become familiar with our tech-stack and develop code that produces highly usable, robust, and reliable solutions for our customers. Use industry standard practices and patterns such Micro Services and APIs to design and develop complex solutions Write automated unit and integration tests to validate the code is doing what it’s designed for and saving effort for subsequent manual testing. Improve our DevOps and CI/CD pipelines which support our Development and Quality Assurance teams. Research and integrate with COTS solutions, 3rd party software, legacy systems, and peripherals. Be part of a great team! Learn, share, and work with your colleagues to bring ideas forward – we want to hear them! Full stack development experience using one of more of our core technologies is an asset (Micro services, APIs, JavaScript, CSS, .Net C#, Redis, NodeJS, React, SQL) DevOps and Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery Designing/developing scalable solution for cloud and on-prem Documenting solutions using UML, OpenAPI and other standards (or the back of a napkin) Planning and tracking work items/sprints Self-directed learner, continuously learning new technology Attention to detail and quality A passion for helping people Expert organization skills Good judgement and dedication to providing a quality product The ability to obtain, and maintain, Government of Canada Level 1 (Reliability) clearance. 
ScrapedJobID740:
Review requirements, specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases Estimate, prioritize, plan and coordinate testing activities Design, develop and execute automation scripts using open source tools Identify, record, document thoroughly and track bugs Perform thorough regression testing when bugs are resolved Develop and apply testing processes for new and existing product features to meet consumer needs Liaise with internal teams (e.g. developers and product managers) to identify system requirements Monitor debugging process results Investigate the causes of non-conforming software and train users to implement solutions Track quality assurance metrics, like defect densities and open defect counts Stay up-to-date with new testing tools and test strategies A demonstrable history of excelling in a team based collaborative environment. You also have strong interpersonal, critical thinking, analytical and problem solving skills You have a strong ability to learn and adapt in a fast paced changing environment You have solid programming background, experience with API, Python, Database, You have hands-on experience doing API testing using SoapUI, Postman or any similar tools You have experience with version control tools like Github You have an understanding of QA methodologies and strong ‘hands on' experience developing test scripts for functional, performance, and regression testing that include automated, ad-hoc, and manual testing elements We're a stable, funded startup with a highly determined and capable leadership team. We're still early-stage. If you've always wanted to be a part of something bigger, make a lasting contribution and disrupt the market, this is your opportunity. We are the future. Our product offering connects directly to DeFi (Decentralized Finance) protocols which are powered by Blockchain. We're pushing the envelope and challenging the status quo. We invest deeply in our team members through professional development budgets, coaching, and mentoring We offer team members a comprehensive benefits package from day one We are a remote work environment and exploring hybrid and co-working options for the future We will provide the resources, training, and tech stack to ensure you are successful (i.e. do you need a project management tool, an additional team member? A budget to set up your home office? Let's make it happen!) A minimum of 3 weeks of vacation, generous sick and personal day policies, and offer parental leave top-up 
ScrapedJobID741:
Review requirements, specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases Develop Standards and Procedures to Determine Product Quality and Release Readiness Estimate, prioritize, plan and coordinate testing activities Design, develop and execute automation scripts Capable of Using Source Code Repositories Identify, record, document and track bugs Act as an essential player in the liaison with internal teams (e.g. developers and product managers) to identify system requirements Track quality assurance metrics, like defects or issues densities Participate in risk management evaluations and meetings Validate conformity of internal standards Proven expertise with Web-based technologies, IIS, SQL Server, RESTFul Familiar with testing software: Visual Studio, Microsoft Test Manager, QTP and QC Proficient with programming in an OOP language concepts and .NET framework Hands-on experience with automated testing tools Knowledge of SQL and scripting Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process Experience with performance and/or security testing is a plus Experience in LMS (Learning management Systems) like Blackboard, Canvas, Brightspace is a plus C# a plus Drives innovation Outstanding problem solving/troubleshooting skills Attention to detail Creative, self-motivated, with good interpersonal skills Ability to work independently or within a team Ability to work under pressure/deadlines A self-starter that is proactive Analytical thinking Examiner les exigences, les spécifications et les documents techniques de conception pour fournir une rétroaction utile et pertinente Créez des plans de test et des cas de test détaillés, complets et bien structurés Élaborer des normes et des procédures pour déterminer la qualité du produit et la disponibilité des versions Estimer, hiérarchiser, planifier et coordonner les activités de test Concevoir, développer et exécuter des scripts d'automatisation Capable d'utiliser des référentiels de code source Identifier, enregistrer, documenter et suivre les bugs Agir en tant qu'acteur essentiel dans la liaison avec les équipes internes (par exemple, les développeurs et les chefs de produits) pour identifier les exigences système Suivre les mesures d'assurance qualité, telles que les défauts ou les densités de problèmes Participer aux évaluations et aux réunions sur la gestion des risques Valider la conformité des normes internes Expertise avérée des technologies Web, IIS, SQL Server, RESTFul Familier avec les logiciels de test: Visual Studio, Microsoft Test Manager, QTP et QC Maîtrise de la programmation dans les concepts de langage POO et du framework .NET Expérience pratique avec des outils de test automatisés Connaissance de SQL et de script Expérience de travail dans un processus de développement Agile / Scrum Expérience des tests de performance et / ou de sécurité est un atout Expérience dans les systèmes de gestion de l'apprentissage tels que Blackboard, Canvas, Brightspace, un atout C # un plus Stimule l'innovation Compétences exceptionnelles en résolution de problèmes / résolution de problèmes Attention au détail Créatif, motivé, avec de bonnes relations interpersonnelles Capacité à travailler seul ou en équipe Capacité à travailler sous pression / délais Une personne autonome qui est proactive Pensée analytique 
ScrapedJobID742:
Champion manufacturing efficiency by analyzing and planning workflow, space requirements, and equipment layout. Identify and implement new manufacturing technologies, processes, or equipment with a view towards industry 4.0 Select, propose, and design equipment and tooling for manufacturing as well as set up, process development, and implementation. Monitor manufacturing processes to identify ways to reduce losses, cycle times, and assure or improve quality. Implement and maintain manufacturing documentation: manufacturing process instructions, work instructions, shop travelers, process flow diagrams, and procedures within our digital manufacturing execution system. Perform root cause analysis of manufacturing non-conformance and recommend solutions. Examine and review drawings, blueprints, schematics, work orders, vendor catalogs and other technical data to ensure compliance with specifications and requirements. Prepare product and process reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information and trends. Trouble shoot, maintain, and optimize manufacturing equipment. Maintain professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies. Bachelor's degree in a relevant Engineering discipline 5+ years of work experience in EMS or similar manufacturing environment Strong knowledge of Lean manufacturing theory and practices, Lean for Process Improvement, and IPC Standards (IPC-A-610) Strong knowledge of PCBA and packaged electronics manufacturing processes Expertise in or knowledge of the following Lean tools is a strong asset: 5S, Waste Reduction, TPM (Total Production Management), OEE (Overall Equipment Effectiveness), Root Cause Analysis (5Why's, 5Ms, Ishikawa), Poka-Yoke (mistake proofing), Kaizen Events, Gemba ("the real place"), PDCA (Plan, Do, Check, Act) Experience with manufacturing software such as FactoryLogix Experience with CAD Software (Solidworks, AutoCAD, GC Prevue) Strong technical leadership and mentoring skills Strong data analysis and visualization ability Exceptional strategic thinking and process-oriented with systematic problem-solving skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Excellent time management, prioritization, and decision-making skills Highly professional, self-driven, creative, and goal-oriented personality with collaborative working style and ability to motivate and engage others Be a true change champion who is able to articulate the ideas and is not afraid of taking risk when necessary, in order to improve overall efficiency and productivity 
ScrapedJobID743:
Review requirements and design documents with a focus on End to End workflow across numerous systems or applications Develop and maintain automation frameworks that are appropriate to the range of infrastructure development Develop and maintain a library of automated test cases Analyze test requirements to assess test automation feasibility Execute manual testing as needed Develop new automated test cases based on the requirements Analyze automation test execution reports and assist in reproducing issues Design and maintain test automation processes Maintain and communicate a solid understanding of software testing best practices, methodologies and terminology Conduct research on new and emerging technologies in the software test area Assess and implement new automation tools and create innovative automated test systems Integration and potential aggregation of existing test automation infrastructure Build broad understanding of various applications and systems throughout the organization Apply risk-based testing to projects and report risk assessment back to client stakeholders Identify, analyze, and respond to project risks Provide feedback on feature specification and design based on customer requirements Provide feedback in the review of development code and unit tests Perform defect reporting and provide product feedback based on customer requirements Mentor other staff in test automation development University degree or college diploma in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering or related field Minimum 7 years of technical test, quality assurance or test-driven development Minimum 5 years of test automation development including framework and test cases development Experience with test case analysis and test case development applied to full testing lifecycle Experience with functional and other forms of manual testing Experience with IT Infrastructure testing and test automation Experience with Build / Release deployment – Definitions and Pipelines Experience with the Continuous Testing practice using Azure DevOps or other Continuous Integration enabler Experience with pipeline driven automation of infrastructure elements like laptops, operating systems, network elements, servers, public cloud infrastructure, etc Experience with any or all of: CodedUI Framework, Object Oriented Programming, Jenkins, Python, Azure DevOps Test Plan framework, Chef Inspec, PyTest, Visual Studio 2017+, Selenium Experience with Load and Performance Testing Best Practices Ability to understand business requirements and to translate business requirements into structured automated test scripts Strong problem-solving and software debugging skills coupled with strong attention to details Experience with bug reporting & tracking tools Knowledge of Agile methodologies, and/or demonstrates the competencies that support them Excellent time management, task planning and prioritization skills Ability to adapt quickly to changing client requirements Excellent communication and presentation skills Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment Experience with ITSM management tools like Cherwell or ServiceNow Industry experience with IT infrastructure development and testing Certification or successful completion of a recognized Software Testing /Quality Assurance curriculum Experience with Web Services and API Testing Experience with Load and Performance testing Experience with Robotic Process Automation tooling such as UiPath or similar 
ScrapedJobID744:
Design and execute manual and automation test cases Identify, isolate, replicate, report and manage defects and verify defect fixes Perform root cause analysis to identify root causes to issues and come up with preventive measures Perform thorough regression testing when bugs are resolved Develop, estimate, prioritize and coordinate test plans, test cases, test scripts and test reports Must have at least 3 years of experience developing, executing, and maintaining automated scripts for continuous quality assurance in mobile devices (Android and iOS) preferably using Appium that ensures the delivery of a high-quality user experience for mobile users Experience creating framework for mobile automation testing Ability to learn or experience in creating and maintaining Object libraries and Automation Framework Basic knowledge in Selenium - Java Participate in reviews of requirements, UX/UI designs and other deliverables for testability Proactively help improve quality methodologies /processes within the organization to increase efficiency and redundancy Represent and advocate for our customers when it comes to the high-quality expectation that is entrusted in us Liaise with internal teams (e.g. stakeholders, developers and product managers) to identify system requirements for System Integration testing (SIT) and User Acceptance Test (UAT) scenarios Track quality assurance metrics, like defect densities and open defect counts Stay up-to-date with new testing tools and test strategies Review requirements, specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback Create and execute comprehensible, repeatable, and measurable regression test suites for existing functionality Maintain and add Integration/Acceptance Tests as part of each story during development Assist in reviewing business requirements and identify gaps/conflicts with the existing system Escalate issues to Development and Product Management quickly and effectively Log defects and work closely with developers to investigate, troubleshoot and verify defect fixes Experience on github or similar code hosting platform 3+ years of relevant QA and software test automation experience Experience creating comprehensive test plans based on department OKRs, Business Requirements or verbal communication Strong troubleshooting and root cause analyses skills Understanding of software testing and testing methodologies, tools, processes and best practices Strong end-to-end knowledge of SDLC (software development lifecycle) Knowledge and experience writing simple SQL queries Deep knowledge of and experience with different testing methods, including REST API, and a willingness to adapt to current needs Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ability to create clear, concise and detail oriented test plans and cases Experience in analyzing data and extracting relevant and actionable insights Back end testing experience in both black box and white box A degree in Computer Science or a related program Defect Detection Efficiency (DDE) Quality of defects raised Test case coverage Test case Execution Efficiency Defect severity classification Effectiveness Number of critical defects in production Competitive Salary and Health Benefits Comprehensive Employee Assistance Program Flexible schedule and hours (currently those who can perform their jobs from home are working from home) Virtual events, socials and team building Virtual Learning and Development opportunities, lunch and learns and education Diverse, inclusive, and equitable culture 
ScrapedJobID745:
Review business requirements, system requirement specifications, design and other project documents for clarity and completeness and provide constructive feedback. Design, develop and document test strategy, test plans, test scenarios and test cases based on functional and non-functional requirements and best practices Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases Liaise with business users, business analysts, and developers to ensure that planned testing meets project requirements. Execute on test cases prior to customer review Provide timely, concise test progress /status reports. Facilitate test planning and review meetings with project team and stakeholders. Estimate, Plan, coordinate and prioritize the effort for executing on requests including testing activities Perform thorough regression testing when bugs are resolved Maintain positive and professional relationships with project or support stakeholders. Knowledge sharing with, and support of, other team members. Collaborate with the greater delivery team to improve quality assurance practices within the Managed Services practice Understanding of the solutions from a customer business point of view Respond proactively to both business and project issues, risks and escalate appropriately. Work with the customer to reproduce & conduct initial diagnostics of incidents Identify, record, document thoroughly and track incidents/requests Work with other consultants to execute on such requests or as part of resolution of an incident. You demonstrate BDO's core values through all aspect of your work: Integrity, Respect and Collaboration You understand your client’s industry, challenges, and opportunities; client describe you as positive, professional, and delivering high quality work You identify, recommend, and are focused on effective service delivery to your clients You share in an inclusive and engaging work environment that develops, retains & attracts talent You actively participate in the adoption of digital tools and strategies to drive an innovative workplace You grow your expertise through learning and professional development. Must have a solid background and understanding of all aspects of software quality and testing, including prior experience in cloud based solutions Must have the ability to accurately report testing to stakeholders and appropriately raise quality issues Experience with both Manual and Automated testing. You should have extensive manual testing experience and have at least participated in automation based activities (scripting, execution, evaluation) Webservice API testing using Postman, SOAP UI or equivalent Mature leadership and coaching abilities are required to help with co-ordination and guidance of other QA team members Excellent communication skills. Successful candidate will be a full member of a cross functional team and be expected to interact frequently with other stakeholders and the client. Ability to be flexible, move quickly in fast paced environment. Must be willing to own and learn new domain/industry expertise. Strong experience in test case management, including setting up a project from scratch. Azure DevOps experience an asset, but equivalent system is acceptable. TestRail knowledge and experience is an asset Experience with Selenium or io is an asset Automated API testing using Postman, SOAP UI, Rest Assured or equivalent is an asset Past experience working with and managing offshore team members is an asset We enable you to engage with the firm's strategic plan, and be a key contributor to the success and growth of the firm. We help you be the best professional you can be in our services, industries and markets. Achieve your personal goals outside of the office and make an impact on your community. 
ScrapedJobID746:
Perform Quality Control reviews of aircraft Technical Logbooks and Technical Records per company policies and procedures Work with development and maintenance of Aircraft Maintenance Programs including update of maintenance tracking programs Assist with evaluation of Key Performance Indicator data and development of processes to reduce errors Perform corrective actions in coordination with internal and external audits Assists maintenance personnel in administrative matters of airworthiness and inspection in general Review established procedures and submit changes as needed for continued improvement. Review tracking systems for inconsistencies and apply corrective actions as needed Review and audit Technical Libraries and access difficulties to those documents Review and Audit Airworthiness requirements and action inconsistencies accordingly Evaluate and processes trend monitoring, oil analysis and oil consumption requests and reports Address technical issues raised by the Maintenance team related to software and systems access Assist with and perform Technical Records functions as required Assist with and facilitate the implementation of continuous improvement programs 5+ years of aviation/maintenance experience or related aviation training Previous Technical Record processing and Quality Control or auditing experience preferred. Familiarity with Aircraft Maintenance Programs (AMPs) and tracking software preferred. Familiarity with Transport Canada Aviation regulations and standards. Familiarity with Transport Canada Aviation regulations and standards. Familiarity with Transport Canada and/or aviation-related technical manuals and documents. Proven proficiency in the MS Office suite; working knowledge of RAAS would be an asset Strong verbal and written communication skills Exceptional attention to detail. Ability to manage high volumes of documentation and paperwork on a daily basis Strong data entry skills with exceptional attention to detail Must be fully vaccinated and provide valid COVID-19 vaccination record (unless you have a legitimate recognized medical or religious reason for not getting vaccinated) 
ScrapedJobID747:
Provides vision and direction for accountability and compliance reporting, survey research, performance measures, evaluation frameworks, and decision-support analysis to support strategic priorities of the Institute. Working closely with key stakeholders, establishes frameworks in support of analytical research that assists BCIT in evaluating educational and service delivery. Oversees strategic projects and research, sets direction for interpretation, analysis and synthesis of internal information and external research that results in providing recommendations that can be actioned on by decision-makers. Leads generation of impact analysis, recommendations, and possible implication of results. Directs the development of the next generation of data analytics, dashboards, and reporting tools that support the strategic direction of the Institute. Accountable for reviewing and validating reporting and research, where applicable. Manages institutional research (qualitative and quantitative), data collection and analysis efforts, including survey design, predictive modeling, data mining, and advanced statistical analysis that support client needs and ensures objectives and privacy requirements are met. Provides recommendations and suggestions, flagging areas of concern for the Director and ensures adequate follow-up and closure, where necessary. Leads evaluation and monitoring of institutional, school and departmental performance which includes tracking, analyzing and interpreting data and key indicators, and oversees preparation of written reports (including supporting IRP analysts in identifying corrective strategies, as needed); accountable for high-quality, timely, accurate, and complete reports to inform consultation and decision-making at the institution. Manages external accountability reporting and compliance requirements, such as Institutional Accountability Plan and Report (IAPR), student Full-time Equivalents (FTEs), Central Data Warehouse (CDW) submissions, BC Student Outcomes, advocacy submissions, and other accountability reporting as required. Leads data reporting efforts related to compliance and external rankings. Manages and negotiates multiple client requests, at times with conflicting demands, and responds to urgent requests in a timely fashion. Communications with stakeholders, at all levels, to understand information needs, advise and consult on research methods, share best practices, and define project terms of reference in order to maximize utility and value-add of data and information. Acts as point of contact with external stakeholder such as the Ministry of Advanced Education and Skills Training (AEST), Polytechnics Canada, and BC Stats. Involved with professional organizations, such as BC Institutional Researchers and Planners (BCIRP), Canadian Institutional Research and Planning Association (CIRPA), Association of Institutional Research (AIR), and others. Remains current in strategic enrolment management, research assessments, political, economic, social, and educational trends that influence the effective implementation of BCIT’s academic operational and reporting strategies. Supports educational and administrative initiatives, works with IRP analysts to coordinate responses to information requests from internal and external stakeholders as assigned. Actively involved and significantly contributes to problem-solving of both a technical and non-technical nature at various levels within the institution and all levels of stakeholders. Maintains and builds trusted relationships with BCIT Schools, Financial Services, Registrar’s Office, BCIT International, Marketing & Communications, Student Services, Information Technology Services, and other key clients, partners, and stakeholders. Serves on committees, working groups, and taskforces, providing strategic research advice and expertise in support of educational enhancements and opportunities. Manages directly and indirectly reporting staff, overseeing and participating in selection, coaching, mentoring, development, performance management, and all other people-management practices. Promotes an environment of growth by working with staff to create learning plans; identifying training and development opportunities, and ensuring the team receives the support they require to grow. Oversees IRP operations as it relates to contracts, hiring process, cross-charges, procurement, software acquisitions and renewals, safety plans, and financial budgeting for the IRP Office. Relevant Bachelor’s degree in a business discipline involving advanced data analysis. Seven years related experience at progressive levels of responsibility, including in management role with emphasis on data management, data transformation, statistical analysis, and data analysis and reporting preferably within the unionized environment. An equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered. Strong understanding of labour market trends with demonstrated experience in advanced research assessment methods and knowledge of strategic enrolment management preferred. Advanced research and analytical skills, with ability to develop and implement operational plans and service delivery. Experience with enrolment plans/targets an asset. Advanced communication and interpersonal skills, with ability to collaborate and build positive relationships, internally and with government and external partners across education and industry sectors. Strong problem-solving skills, with ability to apply sound judgment, evaluate courses of action, and making decisions on complex matters. Strong analytical and reporting skills, including data analytics, visualization, and numeric/statistical literacy. Strong project management skills with ability to plan and manage projects and initiatives of varied scope. Strong leadership skills and ability to manage reporting staff, involving all aspects of people management practice. Experience and knowledge of public post-secondary education system is an asset Being a part of BC’s Top 100 Employers, and a member of the CCDI. A generous Total Compensation package which includes extended health and dental benefits and a superb pension plan. Eligibility for partial remote work upon Institute approval Access to Professional Development Funds and opportunities for career development. Increase your knowledge with Tuition waivers for BCIT courses. Enjoy discounted access to our fitness facilities (including classes like Yoga and Zumba). Additional Wellness and Employee Assistance programs. 
ScrapedJobID748:
Provides assistance for training required for the QMS and Food Safety systems Support the Quality Assurance system including the Standards ISO, BRC, HALAL, Kosher and NSF Performs internal audits. Participate in customer and certification audits Document administrator using ETQ documentation control software Promotes Food Safety Culture programs and participates on Plant Food Safety team Monitor and analyze
SQC data
Instrument NIR data
Shelf life studies
Food safety culture initiatives
Corrective actions
Preventive Control SQC data Instrument NIR data Shelf life studies Food safety culture initiatives Corrective actions Preventive Control Traceability Prepares reports as requested Follows all environmental, health and safety protocols Bachelor s Degree in Science Preferred areas of study: Chemistry, Biochemistry, Microbiology, Food Sciences Other: GMP/HACCP/Internal Auditor certificates Similar or related experience desired: preference in similar type plant or chemical ingredient industry, food safety background Essential skills/knowledge: Quality Assurance, QMS, Food Safety, auditing Strong customer focus, people skills, problem solving abilities Work is on-site, at our Port Maitland plant in Lowbanks, Ontario. Remote work not available Market competitive rate There are no housing, health, welfare, vacation, or sick benefits 
ScrapedJobID749:
7+ years of experience working directly within engineering teams Experience partnering with product OR program management teams 3+ years of people management experience, managing engineers 3+ years of experience architecting and designing (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems 5+ years experience planning, designing, developing and delivering consumer software 3+ years experience as a People Manager in a software development organization Hands-on experience with design and development of highly scalable web services and systems Knowledge of Unix/Linux, C++ or Java, OO, and Service Oriented Architecture Proven track record of delivering significant results Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, or equivalent Strong verbal and written communication skills Build a best-in-class engineering team that delivers excellent results through rapid iterations Design and develop state-of-the-art approaches to solving complex and ambiguous problems Cultivate engineering and operational excellence through metrics and continuous learning Develop long term strategy for your programs and translate it into roadmap and action plan Report on status of development, quality, operations, and system performance to management Mentor and grow superstar SDEs to take on increasingly higher responsibilities Masters in Computer Science or related field Deep hands-on technical expertise Project Management experience with agile development methodology Ability to take raw product requirements and create software architectures and designs to bring them to life. Excellent interpersonal skills; ability to work successfully with teams across the organization, including Engineering, Program Management, Quality Assurance, and Senior Leadership Strong analytical and quantitative skills; ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions and opinions 
ScrapedJobID750:
Conduct safety analysis using state-of-the-art nuclear safety analysis and reactor physics computer software Reactor physics support to operational CANDU power plants Development of new analytical methods and models The preparation of technical documents in support of regulatory submissions Understand and assess client problems and determine appropriate means of solution. Manage projects and act as team lead where appropriate. Interface effectively with other staff on multi-disciplinary projects. Stay current with developments within your field of expertise. Other duties as assigned Requires as a minimum, Bachelors Degree in Mechanical, Chemical, Industrial, Electrical/I&C, Nuclear Engineering and/or Engineering Physics, Mathematics/Statistics or Natural Science. Completion of a Masters Degree or PhD would be preferred. Minimum of three to five years’ experience in the area of deterministic safety analysis. Preference for candidates with working experience in reactor physics analysis industry toolsets (e.g.,RFSP, WIMS, DRAGON). Possess a sound foundation in nuclear safety methods and applications expertise, products and services. Experience in applications to operating nuclear and other industrial plants. Familiarity with relevant codes and standards is desired, along with a strong understanding of and commitment. to meeting superior quality assurance requirements. Flexibility to perform work over a wide range of areas for both operating and new facilities. A strong understanding of CANDU nuclear power plant design, operation and regulatory requirements, or equivalent for fossil and chemical plants. Excellent written and oral communication, time management, and problem-solving skills, and have demonstrated a high commitment to quality. Experience in leading technical projects to successful conclusions. High commitment to quality and to providing value to customers. Ability to provide value-added solutions and to consistently deliver projects ahead of schedule and under budget. Able to work in multiple locations including Toronto and client sites. Nuclear Security Clearance is an asset. 
ScrapedJobID751:
Culture: an organization that is guided by our fundamental principles of humanity, impartiality, neutrality, independence, voluntary service, unity and universality; Opportunity: to work with the best and brightest in the non-profit field, in an environment that promotes continuous learning, creativity and collaboration; Employee Benefits: achieve a work/life balance for you and your new team with competitive vacation time, generous personal days and flexible work arrangements; Meaningful Work: you will be creating technological innovations that support emergencies and save lives. Maintain and develop new features on our applications based on requirements; Keep an eye on security updates, issues and all project dependencies; Develop unit test code as part of overall quality assurance best practices; Participate in design review and code inspections; Collaborate with teams across the company to solve software, system design and implementation problems; Work with development and product management teams to define user story acceptance criteria, break down complex stories into tasks, estimates, plan and deliver; Convert technical and functional requirements into system level design specifications, to develop high-performance software; Contribute to improvement in our corporate software development methodology and practices; Troubleshoot and debug new or existing software programs; Write or update functional requirement documents and guides, as required; Other duties as required. Bachelor degree in computer software with a minimum 5+ years’ experience in Front End development or equivalent combination of education and experience; Major experience in implementing complex application with one of the major front-end framework (preferably with Vue.js); Familiarity with state management pattern, routing and Single Page Application; Expertise in HTML, CSS, Javascript, Typescript; Experience with both consuming and designing RESTful APIs; Vuetify usage an asset; Understanding responsive design principles and how to apply them on the client-side; Experience with DevOps tooling for development (e.g. Docker); English and French communications (oral and written); Experience in agile methodologies such as SCRUM; Ability to work well within a team – sharing information as appropriate, respectfully, while being approachable; Excellent interpersonal communication skills and experience in contributing to diverse teams is critical; 
ScrapedJobID752:
Connaissance des technologies de l’information LAN/WAN (Ethernet, VLAN, IP) et Metro Ethernet (MEF) Aptitudes en programmation Python Aptitudes à synthétiser les systèmes à mettre à l’essai Souci du détail et esprit critique Esprit d’équipe, débrouillardise et autonomie Familiarisation avec Linux Familiarisation avec les outils d’analyse de protocoles réseaux tels que Wireshark, tcpdump, etc. Habilité à communiquer en français et en anglais Interactions avec les diverses disciplines de la R&D : Hardware, FPGA, Software, etc. Unités de test disponibles à chaque poste de travail Stationnement gratuit et circuits d’autobus desservant le Technoparc de Saint-Laurent Activités sociales favorisant les interactions avec les employés des autres équipes Café à volonté et mercredis bagels! Knowledge of LAN and WAN networking technologies (Ethernet, VLAN, IP) and Metro Ethernet (MEF) Programming skills in Python Ability to synthesize the systems under test Attention to details in order to continually improve the quality of the products Team player, resourceful and open minded Familiarity with Linux Familiarity with protocol analyzers such as Wireshark, tcpdump, etc. Ability to communicate in French and English Daily interactions with various R&D profiles such as Hardware, FPGA, Software, etc. Test units available on every desk Free parking and bus routes serving the Technoparc in Saint-Laurent Social activities promoting interactions with employees from other teams Free coffee and bagels on Wednesdays! 
ScrapedJobID753:
Must be fluent in English with strong communication skills Expert knowledge of Spring MVC, Spring Security, REST Expert knowledge of JAVA, JDBC, JSPs, Expert knowledge of Spring Mobile, AOP, Transactions Database knowledge must include handling of large datasets in MySQL Working knowledge of AJAX, JQuery, JSON and JavaScript Knowledge of Angular JS and Web socket is an asset Knowledge of Micro services and Multi-tenancy architecture is a plus Experience with Solr and multiple cores Development environment knowledge must include Eclipse Application server knowledge must include Apache Tomcat, JBoss/Wildfly a plus Solid understanding of authentication protocols and methods – SAML, oAuth2 As part of the Development team, the candidate will also be required to participate in software architecture and quality assurance aspects of our products. Ability to work in a fast paced and dynamic team environment, supporting product release from Development into Production You can confidently provide estimates for development tasks, given sufficiently clear requirements. You can recognize requirements gaps or unintended consequences and you can engage other team members constructively to get the clarity you need. You're a team player who can distinguish pride of ownership from the need to be right. You advocate strongly for good ideas, and you adopt good ideas from others just as strongly. You know your stuff so well that you can explain it to non-techies with a minimum of jargon. You know waterfall from Agile and are not dogmatic when faced with either. Implement new features and update existing web application behaviors in accordance with evolving product needs. Provide daily updates on status in scrum meetings. Troubleshoot and correct defects present in the product throughout development, quality assurance, and in live client-facing systems. Document technical details as needed to support future maintenance of the product: requirements, configuration / installation instructions, implementation notes, limitations or assumptions. Refactoring code as needed to support long-term performance and maintainability goals. A Bachelors degree preferably in Engineering or Computer Science. 3 + years experience of development in J2EE. 3 + years experience design and development for large scale enterprise business applications. A major PLUS - Knowledge of C++ and ability to develop Adobe InDesign plugins for professional creative designers. Knowledge of Adobe Photoshop SDK would also be an asset. An understanding of design patterns and software development frameworks. See your hard work directly reflected in our client relationships Work with enterprise level clients such as Walmart, GAP, Kohls, Target, Amazon, REI, The Children’s Place and many more We provide a challenging environment for ambitious, self-motivated, goal oriented, energetic, passionate creators We are reinventing the collaborative marketing and communication platform workspace Team of solution-oriented individuals who thrive within a challenging environment and are passionate about what they do on a daily basis Casual dress Dental care Discounted or free food Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID754:
Prepare and assisting conceptual Design of the complex projects. Detailed designs of for following balance of plant system:
Generation Station service AC and DC power distribution system including motor controls.
Protection and Control System.
Grounding systems.
Powerhouse LV building services system (Fire Alarm, Lighting, security and access control, HVAC) MV/LV cable system.
Cable tray systems.
Instrumentation. Generation Station service AC and DC power distribution system including motor controls. Protection and Control System. Grounding systems. Powerhouse LV building services system (Fire Alarm, Lighting, security and access control, HVAC) MV/LV cable system. Cable tray systems. Instrumentation. Prepare detailed specifications for following components and system:
MV Switchgear including generator circuit breakers.
LV Station Service Equipment.
Generator Step-up Transformers and station service transformers.
High Voltage AIS and GIS Equipment. MV Switchgear including generator circuit breakers. LV Station Service Equipment. Generator Step-up Transformers and station service transformers. High Voltage AIS and GIS Equipment. Prepare protection and control panel layouts and schematics drawings Electrical Protection Systems and SCADA System. Prepare Power Single Line Diagram, Relay and Metering One-line diagram. Prepare AC three-line diagram, Elementary Schematics and Wiring diagrams. Prepare Bills of Materials and Cable Schedules. Using ETAP software for short circuit, grounding, load flow and arc flash calculations. Calculations and preparation of protection relay settings. Preparation of testing and commissioning procedures. Prepare the design basis memorandum and detailed engineering scope and guide the assigned discipline engineers to align the engineering deliverables according to project requirements. Work closely with peers and other discipline designers to ensure accurate delivery that will meet utility Standards, industry standards and meet good engineering practices, policies and procedures. Maintain complete project documentation. Maintain good working relationship with internal groups that support the project. A degree in Electrical Engineering from a recognized Institution. A minimum of 3-10 years strong experience in the power generation or/and utility section. Good knowledge of North American codes and standards such as CSA, IEEE and ANSI. Proficiency ETAP and Microsoft Office software. A Professional Engineer registered (or eligible for registration) with EGBC (British Columbia) or registered EIT. Good written and verbal communication skills. Opportunity to work on various projects of various sizes. Competitive salary. Motivational financial package & flexible benefits. Defined contribution pension plan in which SNC-Lavalin contributes. Work equipment provided according to the season (boot, bib, helmet, gloves, etc.). Employee Share Ownership Plan (ESOP). Employee Assistance Program (EAP). Learning and Development programs, training, career opportunities. 
ScrapedJobID755:
Review and understand product specifications and feature requirements Identify and create test plans and test strategies to ensure that translators can access and verify their translations in context during linguistic review Contribute to test automation efforts Assist in maintaining the translation team’s test methodology and test data setup Provide concise and accurate documentation of software defects and issues via bug-tracking software (JIRA) to product management, and application and tools engineering teams Support translators on use of translation tools Identify organizational and test data needed to support new functionality and new languages Acquire and maintain technical knowledge as well as product knowledge to offer support to translators Work with the technical translations team to identify issues with and enhancements to the translation tools Learn, if not already known, various translation tools Interact effectively with all stakeholders, including peers, translators, developers, product managers, and application QA team members Help pinpoint potential improvements to processes, or other aspects of our localization Clear and effective communication skills Minimum of 5+ years’ experience in the localization industry A degree in Translations or Computer Science, or equivalent work experience Functional knowledge of Human Capital Management (HCM) business applications a big plus. Experience scripting test automation. Flexibility to respond and react to changing priorities quickly and efficiently. Exceptional analytical, troubleshooting and problem-solving skills Understanding of software development life cycle Understanding of quality assurance methods and testing principles Experienced with software testing environments for web-based products and mobile applications Fluency in English and one other language A collaborative and enthusiastic personality Attitude and aptitude to be successful in a growing and rapidly changing company with new products and functionality continually emerging. Computer Software Human Resources Information Technology & Services Engineering Information Technology 
ScrapedJobID756:
1 year to less than 2 years Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Visual Studio Confer with clients to identify and document requirements. Conduct business and technical studies, Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions. Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery, Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware. Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches. Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle. Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems. Bachelor's degree Client focus, Organized, Effective interpersonal skills, Team player, Excellent written communication, Initiative, Judgement, Accurate Anyone who can legally work in Canada can apply for this job. If you are not currently authorized to work in Canada, the employer will not consider your job application. 
ScrapedJobID757:
Work closely with front-end engineers to design and implement new features. Build internal and external API's. Maintain and improve our back-end search algorithms. Maintain and improve our messaging back-end. Identify and address performance bottlenecks. Great command of python, or a similar server-side scripting language. Experience writing simple, straightforward, testable code. A disciplined approach to testing and quality assurance. A love of what you do and a positive, can-do attitude. An understanding that you're not just an engineer, you're a driving force for the success of the company. Startup experience is a huge plus Experience with large scale web services Django experience a plus 
ScrapedJobID758:
Develop project plans, goals, and budgets: identify resources needed, develop schedules and measure results in PSA Understand overall project objectives, as well as the role and function of each project team member Ensure the project objectives and requirements are clear and agreed upon by all team members Coordinate delivery and installation of technology that meet quality assurance standards Assist project team in design and development tasks Organize and manage all phases of the project to ensure on-time completion with budgetary requirements Drive problem investigation and resolution as required Ensuring that risks are identified, communicated, and mitigated and that projects are delivered successfully Design and maintain technical and project documentation Improve customer perception and satisfaction Escalate project issues that cannot be completed within agreed service levels Communicate to customers: keeping them informed of progress, notifying them of impending changes or agreed outages, etc. Develop in-depth knowledge of the service catalog and how it relates to customer’s needs Document internal processes and procedures related to duties and responsibilities Responsible for entering time and expenses in PSA as it occurs Enter all work as activities, service tickets, or project tickets into PSA Review IT publications and online materials to remain up-to-date with current and future technologies emerging in the industry Knowledge and experience in cross-functional project management methods and techniques Knowledge of IT applications, processes, software and equipment Five years of experience in IT Infrastructure projects using agile, waterfall and/or hybrid methodology. Experience managing data practice projects is an added advantage Strong organizational, presentation, and customer service skills Service awareness of all organization’s key IT services for which support is being provided Understanding of support tools, techniques, and how technology is used to provide IT services Business awareness: specific knowledge of the customer and how IT relates to their business strategy and goals Exceptional verbal, written, and presentation skills. Ability to work effectively both independently and as part of a team. Competency in Microsoft applications including Word, Excel, and Outlook. Ability to multi-task and adapt to changes quickly; Ability to work on tight deadlines. Knowledge of the business, customer and how IT relates to their business strategy and goals. Certified Scrum Master is an asset. Fluent in MS Project and PowerPoint Professional IT Certifications, such as: PMP, ITIL are desirable Casual dress Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Work from home Monday to Friday IT Infrastructure project management: 5 years (required) IT consulting/ solutions firm: 2 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID759:
Conduct testing during all stages of product development, including integration, regression, verification and validation. Design, develop and maintain test cases to test targeted areas of product functionality based on product, development, infrastructure, business and user requirements. Execute test cases covering the entire system: software, hardware, and mobile and web interfaces. Identify missed requirements as early as possible by considering technical and user requirements during test design and execution. Design and execute automated and performance-based tests at various levels of the system. Document all defects in the defect tracking system, ensuring accurate and complete reporting of all details required to reproduce the defect and determine the impact on the user and the business. Actively participate in root cause analysis of defects, including investigative testing. Analyze test data to identify problematic components and user workflows. Proactively report test progress, results and status, escalating any issues that impact the test or project plans. Troubleshoot system and environment problems, identify root causes, and propose solutions. Comply with all legal requirements, corporate policies, health and safety guidelines, and basic ethical practices. Other duties as required by Management. 3 years of experience in a Quality Assurance testing role. System, hardware and software testing experience preferred. Proven, solid track-record with manual testing. Test tools - Microsoft Team Foundation Server, Microsoft Test Manager. Programming Languages - C# and SQL Server. Operating Systems – Windows 8, Windows 10, Server 2012. Bachelor’s degree/diploma in Computer Science or related field. ISTQB Level – 2 Certification is an asset. Understanding of both front-end and back-end web technologies (HTTP, AJAX, XML, JSON and CSS) is an asset. Test automation (C# Coded UI Tests, Selenium) is an asset. Actively participate in Agile methodologies: scrum, sprint planning and retrospective meetings. Partners closely with other departments to provide investigative testing, documentation review and knowledge transfer: Software and Hardware Engineering, Product, Documentation, Infrastructure and Technical Support. Participate in product definition and design reviews to provide input and recommendations on requirements, including functional specifications, product design, feature descriptions, epics, user stories and use cases. Also use this information to assist in test planning, defining Schedules and identifies potential problems regarding testability. Free exchange of ideas for improvement within and between teams. Must be able to prioritize and multitask in a fast-paced environment. Must be able to work effectively with minimal supervision and adapt quickly and efficiently to changing product and business requirements. Strong interpersonal skills. Must be able to work as a team player. Very strong communication skills (both written and oral). Must be able to efficiently and effectively communicate complex and detailed technical information to a wide audience. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. 
ScrapedJobID760:

ScrapedJobID761:
Lead Functional and Non-functional test projects for our cloud-based product which includes Web and REST API components Lead within QA and cross functionally with Development, Design and Product teams to gather requirements to execute all aspects of verification for major releases, negotiate scope, provide release estimation and report risks to stakeholders Prioritization and negotiation with Development & Product teams to ensure maximum reduction of risk for major product releases Implement, participate and manage execution of manual verification activities as part of the software development process Driving the Quality Roadmap contributing ideas to testing processes and procedures based on best practices and industry standards Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent experience with 5+ years of professional experience in Quality Assurance Experience leading in an Agile environment Expert at exploratory testing and the role it plays in the user based E2E journey Proven ability to analyze customer impact and risk of software changes before you can even see the working product Familiar with performing non-functional tests such as Web Load, Stress, Performance (JMeter) is an asset Effective communication skills with proven ability to convey technical concepts to an audience of varying technical backgrounds Passion for improving products and processes Passion for continuous learning and keeping up to date with testing trends 
ScrapedJobID762:
In order to deliver the right solutions right, you verify requirements with key-users to ensure fully operational deliverables. In turn, they become confident in the product and committed to the project. Provide technical direction involves establishing a technical vision, resolving technical disagreements and managing the technical quality of project Ensures the team uses appropriate software development practices, invests in continual improvements to tooling or technical debt, and that the system evolves to meet its changing needs and environment Contribute to system design and software architecture to provide technical guidance and leadership Design, develop, implement, and maintain large scale applications Deliver scalable, reusable, testable and clean code with proper commenting and version control Work with developers, quality assurance specialists, designers, and product managers to implement new features Participate in the complete lifecycle of software development using Agile development techniques like sprint planning, task estimation and development Coordinate sprint planning sessions, backlog grooming, daily stand-up, sprint reviews and retrospectives Lead a group of developers in various projects Involve in recruiting talent and carry out onboarding process for new team members Support the technical service team in solving production issues Stay current with new technology, evolving solutions and industry standards Perform code review for peer, and provide succinct and relevant feedback Create and maintain internal documentation that communicates product design, implementation and changes 1+ years’ experience as a full stack software developer Demonstrate experience to lead Strong experience with JavaScript, React, Node.js, C++, SQL Bachelor's degree in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent experience Have 6 months minimum of related working experience, and or equivalent transferrable technical skills that were acquired through either a non-traditional degree, community college, coding bootcamp, academy and or technical certification(s). Post-graduate designation such as MBA, CPA. ACCA Experience in FinTech, Crypto, Blockchain, and Solidity Ability to demonstrate understanding of algorithms, data structures and other systems architecture factors that affect code quality, performance, and customer experience Have some proven experience building software outside of the classroom environment like a hackathon, research project, coding camp, or equivalent skills. Can demonstrate time management and a drive for results by completing technical and or software projects in a cooperative team environment. Optional working from home as requested Respect is expected from all team members and stakeholders Open, modern and pleasant office near highway Competitive remuneration package Group medical benefits included A learning environment where one can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Stock options Tuition reimbursement Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID763:
Creates exception reports and oversees the data validation and update process for the CAFM system Assists with monthly and quarterly service line reporting Leads data gathering and validation process to include: floor plan accuracy, space types, space ID numbers, and seating assignments with business Proactively monitors the execution of the client space allocation model and delivery of reporting in accordance with client Space Allocation Process Develop/coordinate/provide regular space data management system training for Serraview users Leads process to gather, validate & load seat assignment/ Headcount Data Establishes governance program and data quality assurance reporting for consistency of portfolio space and occupancy data Creates ad-hoc reporting as requested leveraging reports within the Serraview suite to understand space metrics and portfolio usage statistics. Subject matter expert on complete reporting functionally of Serraview. Supports the CAFM system implementation and configuration to support client required reporting including establishing allocations and charge back methodology. Conducts regular data audits cross-referencing HR and space data to assure alignment. Assists with documentation of new CAD / CAFM and data governance processes Maintains work instructions for service line processes 2-5 years of related experience Proactively curious detail orientated personality Advanced Microsoft Office Excel skills CAD experience preferred, Revit experience a plus Proficient in CAFM software (Serraview preferred, Manhattan, Center Stone, etc) Proficient Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Access, and PowerPoint) skills Excellent organization and documentation experience required Collaborative personality enabling the development of key partnerships with outside “data owners” to advance the capability and accuracy of the CAFM system Anticipates, identifies, quantifies, and resolves problems in a timely and positive manner Consistently meets deadlines and completes tasks as previously defined Works with integrity, trust and commitment, setting an example for others Solves practical problems and deals with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists Interprets a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form Holds Bachelors or greater in data management, IT or Business 
ScrapedJobID764:
Enable and lead practice improvements through test automation Provide QA on developed code for the Manhattan implementation project Build an automation framework that scales and caters to functional and operational needs Engage in complex projects to identify testing optimization by levering proper tools and technology Continuously improve capability and refine feature sets of existing automation framework Implement holistic functional and test automation strategies to maximize test coverage and productivity while tightening test cycle time Guide the geographically located test automation engineers on the project(s) Responsible for manual and automated test execution as needed Implement cost-effective solutions, best practices, standards, and guidelines for automating tests Optimize product quality by participating in architectural and technical design sessions Recommend, apply, manage, and support effective test automation technologies, tools, and techniques Drive process improvement, innovation, and automation Act as technical QA liaison to IT and Business groups 4+ years related experience including strong familiarity with multiple test automation frameworks, processes, and technologies Must have extensive experience with automation including helping companies transform to automation environment Resource needs to be strong in Automation and must do manual testing/ end to end testing as required The ability to test Applications with Real-Time Messaging based integrations is highly desired Knowledgeable of test automation best practices, technologies, tools, techniques, and metrics Experienced with fast-paced software development lifecycle using Waterfall, Agile and hybrid methodologies on proprietary and/or packaged software Strong automation experience with Selenium web driver and Java along with CI/CD expertise Excellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skills with exceptional attention to detail Strong ability to mentor, coach, and train junior test engineers Strong ability to recognize opportunities and translate them into actionable items Passion for service excellence and customer satisfaction Strong collaborator with excellent communication and interpersonal skills in a highly matrix organization Passion for elevating quality through technology, innovation, and continuous improvement Accomplished leader, motivator, and enabler of change Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, Computer Applications, or related field Monday to Friday Quality Assurance: 4 years (required) Test automation: 4 years (required) Selenium: 3 years (required) Manhattan WMOS: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID765:
Prepare conceptual and detailed design layouts, sketches, and specifications which meet Brandt’s needs using a combination of 2D/3D CAD technology and which, comply with best of practice standards Develop electrical designs for Commercial Buildings, Low Voltage Motor Control, Instrumentation and Automation, and Mobile equipment Provide contract administrative services during construction/manufacturing including supplementary document and drawing creation, verbal/written design support, and quality assurance field inspections Use of IEC 61131-3 Programming languages, especially ladder logic and function block programming Operator interface and safety system design Travel as required by projects Produce engineering deliverables that meet Quality, Cost and Schedule requirements Implement and maintain Quality Control procedures Aspire to continuous improvement, while mentoring, monitoring and supporting interdisciplinary project team members Develop electrical specifications as required for all projects Develop project budgets at various stages of design Other duties as assigned A undergraduate degree or diploma in an electrical related field Experience in electrical design using Revit Software experience in SolidWorks Electrical/AutoCAD Electrical is preferred Knowledge of the Canadian Electrical Code (CEC) Ability to meet aggressive deadlines Sound judgment and decisiveness with strong problem identification and problem resolution skills Ability to manage several projects at once, effectively multi-task and work in a fast paced, high change environment and determine priorities Strong work ethic and positive team attitude Flexibility to adjust to shifting priorities and deadlines Excellent communication skills – written and verbal 
ScrapedJobID766:
Deploying, maintaining and managing all stages of Technology Product life cycle including prototyping/inception, testing, and production. Work collaboratively with software engineering to deploy and operate our systems. Ensure/monitor the availability, performance, scalability and security of productions systems. Help automate and streamline our operations and processes. Build and maintain tools for deployment, monitoring and operations. System troubleshooting and problem solving across platform and application domains. Suggesting architecture improvements, recommending process improvements. Evaluate new technology options and vendor products. Create documentation including design, operational support documents. Regularly conveying status to team and management. Manage operations and support of all APIM platforms (Mulesoft / APIgee) 3+ years of software engineering industry experience Bachelor (equivalent or higher) degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related discipline. Solid experience in application support in a 24x7 uptime environment. Ability to use a wide variety of open source technologies and cloud services Experience with version control systems such as Git, and other CICD dev tools such as Jira, Jenkins, and Confluence. Solid concepts and experience in Quality Assurance processes on IT Platforms Experience in Linux Previous experience / knowledge on APIGee, Mulesoft or some other APIM Platforms Experience with Agile software development and project management methodologies. Understanding network topologies and common network protocols and services (DNS, HTTP(S), SSH, FTP, SMTP). Good understanding of API / API orchestration / Proxies / Gateways concepts and architecture Good knowledge about DevOps scripting tools such as bash, nodejs, java, python. The opportunity to join a forward-thinking company surrounded by a collaborative team of innovative thinkers. A rewarding career path with diverse opportunities for professional development. Internal development to support your growth and enhance your skills. A competitive compensation and benefits package. An organization committed to making a difference in our communities– for you and our customers. 
ScrapedJobID767:
Laser-cutting CNC Machining Bending/Brake Press Sanding Fasteners and Hardware Chem-film Conversion Welding Paint Prep & Powder coat Painting Digital Printing Silk-screening Assembly & Packaging Operating machinery Transporting materials and finished products Sanding/grinding Sorting Quality assurance Welding CNC Machining Experience in a supervisor/managerial role Proactively solve issues to serve our customers, company and employees. Develop and drive our ethical guidelines regarding trust, respect, openness and honesty. Coach and personally support employees in order to maximize Productivity, Quality and Organizational Health. Lead by a high standard of personal conduct. Communicate clearly and effectively with peers Demonstrate selflessness, strong work ethic, drive and reliability Providing your team members with a sense of leadership and support, in order to maximize their success Ensuring adherence to safety standards Preparing production reports on a regular basis Communicate issues Build Teams Complete Checklists Create Relationships Administrative work Operating machinery Must be able to lift up to 23 kg (50 lbs) Medical, Dental, Life Insurance, Group Insurance Benefits, cost-shared YMCA membership and Pension Plan (RRSP and DPSP) at six months of employment Two weeks' vacation (three weeks' vacation at three years of employment; four weeks' vacation at five years) Regular social events including seasonal parties and monthly lunches 
ScrapedJobID768:
Support the business through technical expertise and building in-depth functional knowledge of the business workflows Create testing strategies, test scenarios, test cases, and review these deliverables with developers and BA team and acquire sign-offs to meet complex business requirements Work with Developers to ensure defects are correctly managed - classified, triaged, and fixed within required timelines Provide assurance on SIT testing and suitability to hand over to User Acceptance Testing Support the UAT environment and ensure its stability Contribute to overall process improvement initiatives, actively review and challenge current process Participate in story creation to ensure that acceptance criteria are sufficiently clear Implement quality gates on release artifacts Identify usability challenges and suggest possible improvements Identify any production issues due to inadequate testing Monitor and constantly refine the testing strategy Minimum 5 years hands-on experience in software testing, ideally within an agile environment A good understanding of the software change life-cycle, including system integration testing is essential Capital Markets knowledge is required, Derivatives being a distinct advantage Basic knowledge of UNIX, shell scripting, SQL Knowledge of Testing lifecycle and methodologies Proficient with test management and defect tracking tools and associated reports A recognised testing qualification would be beneficial, though not essential if you have solid commercial experience in coordinating/conducting QA/UAT activity Self-motivated individual who will take ownership and accountability Demonstrated ability to effectively work both independently and within global teams Strong attention to details Ability to multi-task Ability to organize and prioritize work effectively Excellent verbal and written communication skills Positive attitude and ability to work under pressure 
ScrapedJobID769:
Graduate of a recognized Biomedical Engineering program or equivalent education and experience - Recent graduates are encouraged to apply Ability to work effectively and efficiently as a team member in a fast paced environment in stressful situations. Customer service, interpersonal and telephone skills. Computer literacy in a Microsoft environment. Ability to maintain successful working relationships with the interdisciplinary team to achieve positive patient outcomes. Ability to organize time effectively to perform the duties of the position. Ability to lift heavy objects (up to 50 lbs). Ability to meet and interact with people in a pleasant, professional, responsible and reassuring manner. Behaviour consistent with Hospital Mission, Values and Standards of Performance. Ability to read, write and communicate to perform the duties of the position. Knowledge of Relevant CSA and IEC standards. Knowledge of evidence based treatment modalities Knowledge of relevant legislation – Health Canada requirements for medical device licensing. 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID770:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Organized 
ScrapedJobID771:
Responsible for performing routine tests as required on raw materials in process components and the final product Participate in the validation of tests, inspections, processing methods and material qualification Responsible for checking the accuracy of formwork, reinforced steel, and concrete placement Monitor concrete temperature, slump, chemical additives, air content and strength on a daily basis Testing all aspects of the product before and after casting to ensure the product meets the quality that Eagle Builders is known for Follow all policies and procedures set out in the Quality Control manual and Safety manual Previous quality control/assurance experience Previous experience in precast concrete PCI, CCIL certifications Familiar with methods of curing, vibrations, and pre-stress procedures A valid driver’s license with reliable transportation to drive to the shop every day Available to work a two-week rotating shift of days then nights Monday-Friday, occasional Saturday Minimum 40 hours per week, must be flexible and willing to work overtime Physically able to perform demanding work for extended periods of time Able to read and interpret blueprints and measurements Comfortable working in a team environment with minimal supervision Must be punctual and reliable Able to work in a fast-paced environment with attention to detail Adequate knowledge of computers and ability to learn new software Local to central Alberta or willing to relocate to central Alberta Must be eligible to work in Canada. Currently, we are unable to sponsor international candidates. Unlimited growth and opportunity for advancement within the company Outstanding benefits after 300 hours Competitive hourly pay based on experience and skillset Overtime pay after 8 hours day/44 hours a week 3 weeks’ vacation to start and 6% vacation pay Guaranteed every Sunday off and Statutory Holidays Eagle clothing program after 3 months of employment Full-time year-round work 
ScrapedJobID772:
Create test plans and test cases based on software specifications, performance, and regression requirements Communicate with business analysts and developers to improve the quality of the platform Execute functional, performance, and regression test cases and track defects accordingly Assist in deployment verification to production environments Develop and automate test cases that align with the test strategy to ensure an effective risk-based approach while validating the integrity of the platform Refresh and maintain test environments Build and maintain automation scripts to support development changes 2+ years of formal testing experience 2+ years of test automation experience Strong SQL skills and experience with relational databases Strong Python and PHP skills Experience with testing APIs using API testing tools such as Postman Experience with automated testing environments such as Ghost Inspector Understanding of and experience in all aspects of testing from unit, integration, system, functional, and regression to acceptance Attention to detail and sound decision-making skills Experience with DevOps principles and practices Familiarity with newer JS Frameworks and testing: Angular JS, React Familiarity with AWS Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday DCS / DEC (required) quality assurance: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID773:

ScrapedJobID774:
Prepare review and notice to reader engagements in Caseware Prepare adjusting entries and financial statements Prepare account summaries and reconciliations Complete corporate tax returns and liaise with our tax professionals Assist managers with client meeting preparation Prepare correspondence to clients and the Canada Revenue Agency Respond to other duties as required Qualifications & Behavioral Competencies A university degree in accounting A college diploma in accounting with a minimum of 3 years of work experience Must have strong attention to detail Must be able to work under pressure and meet deadlines Must have good interpersonal skills and able to liaise with clients, staff and outside parties Must have initiative Must be a team player Must be bilingual Proficiency in Excel required Accounting software knowledge with Sage or similar would be considered an asset 2-4 years of work in an accounting position would be considered an asset Support and coaching from some of the most engaging colleagues in the industry Learning opportunities to develop new skills and progress your career The freedom and flexibility to handle your role in a way that’s right for you 
ScrapedJobID775:
Work with product managers, developers, and designers to analyze requirements to develop and execute test cases for new and existing features. Develop, iterate, and refine automated tests, test suites, and infrastructure to deliver a product that is high quality, easy to use, and stable. Evaluate and implement the latest frameworks and services to write automated end-to-end, integration, and performance tests. Document product defects and provide details to the development team using our issue tracking system (JIRA). Monitor multiple channels for defect reports, conduct defect verification, and track defects in the issue tracking system. Continuously participate in the improvement of QA processes. Generate reports to identify trends and problem areas in the product. Work with talented, knowledge-driven individuals and share your ideas to improve the product with the team. We are a close-knit team that is eager for new ideas. We embrace sharing our own knowledge and enriching each other's experiences Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related work experience in a quality assurance role. 2+ years professional experience Quality Assurance Experience with modern testing tools such as Jest, React Testing Library, Nightwatch, Enzyme, Taiko, Gauge, or other similar frameworks/libraries Strong interpersonal and communication skills. Must be able to explain technical concepts to an audience with varying technical backgrounds and communicate clearly with the engineering team. 
ScrapedJobID776:
Systems, Applications and Products (SAP) Certified Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Organized 
ScrapedJobID777:

ScrapedJobID778:
Able to oversee all aspects of the Visa application procedure, ensuring that the process runs smoothly. Able to counsel, guide and evaluate the client and design their case in the best presentable manner. Oversee the completion of all relevant visa and immigration documents and ensure that they are received within the time limit set by the government. Ensure that all of the information provided by the client is accurate and correct, preparing and checking all legal documents. Fill immigration forms as per the requirements and necessary collect information from the clients. Maintain records, prepare report on all fees paid, refunds requested, files placed and visas obtained. provide periodic reports to the management. Must maintain strong working relationships with all clients and colleagues. Must take full responsibility of all Immigration issues and operations, remaining up to date with any changes to legislation. May be required train supporting staff to enhance their understanding of immigration rules to help them to fulfil their roles to a high level. Work experience directly related to Visa processing, and records management; Work experience in professional office environment; Experience using a computer, word processing and spreadsheet software, electronic mail and other web-based applications used in an office environment; Experience working in a client-service environment, including the delivery of courteous and effective in-person service; Knowledge of records management preferably within immigration and visa sector; Knowledge of general office procedures and practices; Knowledge of quality assurance and quality control in document management; Ability to take direction and follow instructions; Ability to plan and organize work flows, set and manage priorities; Ability to work effectively in a high pressure environment; Ability to analyze and interpret information (such as policies, procedures, and/or legislation in an efficient manner; Ability to use computers and work with various programs; Display initiative, professional integrity and sound judgement; Strong interpersonal skills; Adaptability and flexibility; Strong focus on client service 8 hour shift Day shift No 
ScrapedJobID779:
Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Word processing software Internet Networking software Networking hardware Networking security Extranet Servers File management software Project management software Web service design Website creation and management software Business intelligence Cloud Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) 
ScrapedJobID780:
Plans and monitors the performance of the processes of making ethanol, bread flour and gluten. Applies knowledge, skills, tools, techniques and systems to define, visualize, measure, control, report and improve processes with the goal to meet customer requirements and profitability. Focuses on the design, operation and maintenance of chemical and material manufacturing processes. Develops new processes, project engineering and troubleshooting. Develops systems to ensure products or services are designed and produced to meet or exceed customer requirements. These systems are often developed in conjunction with other business and engineering disciplines using a cross-functional approach. Manages improvement of current product designs, product cost reduction efforts, operational efficiency improvements including design for assembly and manufacturing and new product development. Develops and implements new designs for current products to meet customer requirements. Assists in identifying the root causes of a problem and instituting corrective action such as changes to operation sheets, generation of Engineering Change Requests, changes to inspection analyses and changes to process procedures. Develops processes needed for the quality management system to ensure they are established, implemented and maintained, and the authority to request corrective action from all employees interfacing with this system. Provides quality-assurance support to the assigned program and/or area to ensure that the product is built in accordance with customer and division quality requirements while maintaining production flow. Reviews all design drawings and changes, operation sheets, process procedures, test procedures, procurement documents, quality manuals, and inspection analyses to ensure that the division's and customers quality requirements are met on assigned products, programs, areas, and functions Provides support to assigned operation group including visual aids and inspection analyses and includes a key role serving as referee in making accept or reject decisions Reviews quality trends based on quality data system information and interaction with inspectors and production personnel, and participates in the generation and implementation of defect-reduction programs for assigned product or program Oversees client Operations to ensure continuous quality improvement as seen through our customer’s eyes, reduces internal quality costs and losses, improves the robustness of our processes, and is certified for proper market positioning. Performs quality improvement assessments and changes Performs internal and vendor audits Oversees organizational training as it relates to the Quality Management System and continual improvement. May plans human resource needs for the area by maintaining an optimum staff compliment and optimizing the cost-effective utilization of staff during non-production periods. May lead and participate in the recruitment, selection, orientation, training & development of employees May develop performance plans, evaluate and assist employee in performance improvement including discipline Develops and builds effective teams, resolves conflict, mentors and coaches employees. Develops and maintains a highly motivated team ensuring each member of the team has adequate knowledge and skill to fulfill their jobs in a professional manner. Directs, sets priorities and delegates work assignments for employees Manages staff scheduling, time off requests, overtime and the direction of work Provides direction to engineers, designers, and service technicians as required regarding project management, conflict resolution, and professional development. Acts as lead in the development, implementation and maintenance of the Food Safety programs. Provides training and support to ensure the programs are in compliance with all the program requirements Manages Standard Operating Procedure and Data Collection Form processes Assures GMP training of employees Assures facility compliance and maintenance Provides leadership and management of assigned projects Assists in improving technological and competitive position. Leads organizational projects to ensure timely completion and proper prioritization. Interfaces with new product engineering group to introduce new products to manufacturing and tool makers and service technicians to ensure plans and programs are being completed in a timely manner. Computer Skills – understanding of the functions and applications of computer software used to perform the job -excel, word, power point, access and any particular safety-related software that is used. Problem Solving / Trouble Shooting – examining, analysing or diagnosing probable causes and solutions to an existing problem; systematic search for the source of a problem; a process of elimination may be used to isolate possible causes. Statistical Analysis – applying principles of statistical theory to make meaningful conclusions in problem solving and decision making. Communication – Uses verbal and written skills to get ideas across and provides clear and concise instruction to others Team Work – works collaboratively and cooperatively with others to achieve a common goal Safety – demonstrates awareness and prevention of risks to self and others. Casual dress On-site parking 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID781:
Plans and performs the installation, configuration, testing, quality assurance and maintenance of computer hardware and software, related auxiliary equipment and assists in the support of network servers and corporate databases. Provides basic network administration and maintenance, security, inventory, technical support services for problem resolution services for computers and for interconnectivity issues for computer network components and remote access communications. Provides advice and input to recommendations to management and staff regarding the purchase and installation of new hardware and software to optimize the use of IT systems and improve client service delivery. Prepares documentation and provides advice, guidance, coaching and training to staff and clients on the use of computers, peripherals, applications and platform software. Performs operational programming from specifications, writes utilities such as macros, batch files or templates/forms, maintains change control procedures and captures and inputs data to provide information to clients. Generates and analyzes data and produces reports, user guides and statistical information regarding hardware/software inventory, locations and sign outs. Participates as a member of project teams, committees, meetings, conferences, workshops and special events. Maintains a program of continuing study of trends and developments in all aspects of information technology advancements. EDUCATION: EXPERIENCE: Recent experience is defined as experience acquired within the last three (3) years. KNOWLEDGE: ABILITIES: PERSONAL SUITABILITY: ASSET CERTIFICATIONS: ASSET EXPERIENCE: Recent experience is defined as experience acquired within the last three (3) years. OPERATIONAL REQUIREMENTS: As positions become vacant or needs arise you may be contacted by hiring managers. If you are interested in being considered for the opportunity, information will be provided about the qualifications and assessment process at this point in time. You may not be contacted immediately after submitting your application, but please be assured that your information will be retained for the duration that the inventory is open. How will you communicate with me? How does an inventory work? Why was my application automatically rejected when I submitted it? What does "Registered in the inventory" mean? What happens if my application expires? My personal information has changed, what should I do? Who can I contact if I have technical difficulties with the GC Jobs website? 
ScrapedJobID782:
Contribute to website development, testing, documentation, and ongoing maintenance. Code websites (both frontend and backend) working primarily with WordPress, custom dashboards, and marketing API integrations to meet client digital marketing needs. Write clean and efficient code for the design and modification of websites from layout to function, featuring user-friendly design and clear navigation. Develop WordPress themes, plugins and integrate marketing tools to enhance clients’ end-to-end online experience. Customize out-of-the-box plugins and themes Build software applications that improve client and firm reach, results, and reporting. Implement WordPress security best practices and tools. Quality assurance testing and debugging across common browsers and devices (including UX testing). Front end design experience within Adobe CC, you’re able to convert XD and Photoshop files into pixel-perfect WordPress themes. Ensure digital functionality, security, and software updates are consistently in good standing. Manage and monitor basic SEO and site speed optimization. Collaboration with the digital team to launch campaigns and implement appropriate tracking to measure campaign success. Generate ideas with creative and digital teams and offer insightful solutions. Manage multiple projects and ensure milestones and project deadlines are met. Provide clients and the team with exceptional experiences. Post-secondary education in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Systems, or similar area of study. Two years of professional web development experience with HTML, CSS, PHP, MySQL, Javascript / jQuery, Advanced Custom Fields). Two years of experience using web content management systems (CMS) platforms such as WordPress. Experience working in a consultative client-focused environment (agency or in-house agency model preferred). Experience building responsive, end-to-end websites and landing pages. Working knowledge of Google Analytics/ Google Tag Manager and Google Search Console. Strong organizational and multitasking skills; must be confident working in a fast-paced and high-pressure environment with multiple tasks, priorities, and deadlines. Natural problem-solving ability, paired with a proactive mindset and an energetic attitude. Unlimited paid vacation. No, it is not a typo. Yes, we really mean it. Work-life balance. We take care of the work, ourselves, and each other. Flexibility for remote work. Our office is where the magic happens, but sometimes you just need some focused time. Employer-paid benefits. Generous ones, too. Want to expense a concert ticket? Go wild. Growth-oriented. In the business and your career. Let’s help each other do great things. Training and mentorship. Grow into the career you are passionate about and learn from the best. Diverse Team. We’re very into being ourselves and want you to be yourself. How could any of us be anybody else? Casual dress Company events Employee assistance program Extended health care Paid time off Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Wordpress CMS: 2 years (required) Adobe XD: 1 year (required) Responsive Web Development: 2 years (required) marketing agency: 2 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID783:
Expert understanding of Performance Testing, scaling, and performance optimization with experience in Digital performance testing (web & native app) and optimization with cloud architecture. Participating in and contributing to non-functional requirements, architecture, and design reviews to ensure performance and availability is addressed early in the delivery cycle Implement and execute various forms of non-functional tests (Spike, Scalability, Failover, Volume, Load, Endurance, and Stress) Analyze Results, compare against SLAs, Benchmarks and Provide tuning recommendations to improve End User Experience both for Digital Web Portal and NativeApp Works with development and testing teams to implement and maintain Performance standards Providing technical leadership and assist with performance planning. Thought leader in performance optimization: Proposes and researches tools, scripts, processes to improve performance testing methods Identify risk areas, understand performance requirements, Identifying infrastructure related issues during functional and non-functional test phases Acts as a steward of performance in product and feature design with Product Owners, Tech Leads, Architects, and Dev teams. 8+ years of experience in performance testing, tuning, and engineering Expert in compiling, Analyzing and interpreting performance test results and provide recommendations especially perceived performance metrics. Use diagnostic tools Dynatrace/AppDynamics/NewRelic to isolate bottleneck areas in the code, or tune configuration and resource parameters to optimize performance and scalability Experience in cloud-based performance testing, understanding cloud concepts and fine tuning is key to have. Create & Review Non-Functional Test Scripts Software development experience (eg Java, C++/C#, JavaScript, Python, etc) Experience working with logging tools ELK/Sumologic Solid comprehension of the Agile (Scrum) methodology practices Experience working in complex multi-vendor environment Fast learner, adaptable, self-starter who can work both independently and collaborate well within a dynamic team environment. Computer Science degree or equivalent. Certification in Quality Assurance and/or Performance Testing is an asset. 
ScrapedJobID784:
Analyze user stories with a functional analysist and the design with a software architect. Develop solutions from the backlog of user stories (both Backend and Frontend). Ensure the product is up to quality standards & implement improvements requested by QA, UAT and customer feedback (Feedback loop). Participate in the production launch for aeronautics industry customers based worldwide. Follow a combination of both Agile (Daily) and Waterfall (Strategic Plan) methodologies. React.js CSS NodeJS TypeScript JAVA NextJS MySQL / MariaDB PostgreSQL AWS S3 Integration GitHub JIRA CI/CD Process Linux Docker Technologies AWS Cloud Technologies 
ScrapedJobID785:
Partner with the business to develop business case and feasibility studies for project intake. Engage with business stakeholders to understand changes in business needs, elicit and document business requirements. Translate business requirements into detailed functional technical specifications and design documents to support application development and process improvement initiatives. Partner with business stakeholders to analyze and map current processes, identify future state, and fit gaps analysis between processes and application workflow. Develop technical writing materials, including user guides, process guides, operations manuals, business analysis work products (BRD, matrix, etc.) data dictionary, testing reports, training documentation. Actively support projects through different project stages, including development, quality assurance, user acceptance testing and production implementation. Develop and execute test plans, test cases and test summary to facilitate Go/No Go decisions, coordinate testing activities and facilitate issues resolution. Create and review with the business stakeholders relevant change management documents, including internal guides, training materials and ensure they are approved and filed per Bird’s defined change management process. Assist support staff where necessary in troubleshooting and resolving production application issues. Build and manage business relationships. Undergraduate degree or diploma in Computer Science or Information Systems Minimum of 3 years practical business analysis experience, with demonstrated experience analyzing business needs, translating those needs into structured business requirements documents, and working with the development team to translate them into technical requirements Experience facilitating workshops and training sessions with diverse groups of stakeholders Knowledge and experience creating value stream maps is an asset Experience leading fit gap analysis on application solutions and contributing to business case development Demonstrated leadership capabilities working with executive leadership, technical and business resources Experience with ERP implementation Demonstrated experience creating and leading application testing Business process management practitioner, CBAP, Lean Six Sigma or other certification an asset Demonstrated experience analyzing business and technical requirements with the ability to promote and lead organizational change Expertise in designing, developing, and implementing re-engineered business processes and associated software and hardware Direct knowledge of database management, various data retrieval methodologies (including data importing to spreadsheets, graphs, etc.) and data modeling Stays abreast of industry technical and business trends through participation in professional associations and individual learning Flexible and able to manage multiple priorities simultaneously; meet the time demands of unpredictable activities; capable of handling pressure and challenges in a dynamic business environment Effective and efficient problem solving and decision-making skills; thoughtful, proactive and creative Demonstrates a sense of urgency and strong commitment to achieving goals; ability to work in a challenging, fast-paced environment Ability to forge, grow and maintain positive relationships with multiple groups Strong written and oral communication skills Able to manage multiple priorities simultaneously and meet the time demands of unpredictable activities, capable of handling pressure and challenges in a dynamic business environment Ability to work within tight deadlines and prioritization of work to achieve them Strong analytical, critical thinking, problem-solving skills, and a high degree of accuracy and attention to detail 
ScrapedJobID786:
Develop test scripts Develop/provide to Commissioning Strategy/Plan development Coordinate commissioning, testing and results capture Manage punch list and ensure punch remediation Build and maintain relevant documentation including Test strategies, Test plans and Test Summary Reports in alignment with Client specific methodology Assess testing risk during planning and mitigating degree of risk going into production Provide status update on QA activities to the testing group and Project teams, partners at defined frequency and proactively communicate during all phases of the project. Advance testing issues if any on timely manner Size test effort, identifies tasks, and documents task for inclusion in the project plan and test plans Depending on the size of the project, the Test Lead will also play the Tester role for the project Build and maintain well organized test case libraries Lead Entry and Exit Criteria reviews Coordinate SIT and UAT Test phases. Set up expectations and provides direction to the UAT testers. Manage the defect management process across multiple projects. Schedule and coordinate access to the appropriate test environment Provide mentorship and standard methodologies for testing 5 years Testing Lifecycle 3 years Data Analysis Experience in Industrial/Commercial/Construction testing – eg. Survey & coverage etc. Testing knowledge of network performance testing Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Diploma in IT with equivalent IT experience Industry recognized testing certification(s) LI-AJ1 Quality Assurance/QA Strategy Data Analysis Communication (Oral/Written) Test Case / Script Development Test Planning & Implementation 
ScrapedJobID787:
Freedom and a healthy work-life balance – Embrace our flexible work environment with flex hours, telecommuting and digital workspaces. Be part of exciting and innovative projects that help solve some of the world’s most significant health problems. Engaging, challenging, and fast evolving, cutting edge technological environment. Opportunities to advance your career. Competitive total rewards package. Rewarding vacation entitlement with the opportunity to buy and sell your vacation depending on your lifestyle. Contribute to our social responsibility initiatives focused on access to education and technology, and sustainability, making a positive impact on communities. Participate in our celebrations and social events. Opportunities to contribute your innovative ideas and get paid for them! Employee perks and discounts. Diversity and inclusivity focused. Siemens Healthineers is proud to be a Great Place to Work-certified company® in Canada for 2020-2021, 2021 Best Workplaces in Ontario™, and 2021 list of Best Workplaces™ for Women. 70% of critical clinical decisions are influenced by the type of technology we provide. More than 31 million Canadians benefit from Siemens Healthineers products every year. An average of 85,000 Canadians per day receive treatment or tests from a Siemens Healthineers device. Siemens Healthineers participates in 30 healthcare research collaborations in Canada and around the world. Designs, develops, implements and documents application software for Epocal’s internal tools (Analytical Tools). Uses applicable technologies that include: C#, .NET, JSON, WPF, WCF, Relational Database design and development (MS SQL Server), Unit testing Windows applications development, including dynamic libraries, user interfaces, databases, services and communication protocols Analyzes software application performance; devise and implement optimizations Develops software unit tests and perform manual quality-assurance testing Compiles technical documentation of software features and functionality Recommends and develops software architecture and high level design Works within the development team and independently, conduct integration of software component and interfaces Improves operations by conducting systems analysis; recommending changes in policies and procedures Manages with minimum supervision medium scaled projects and assignments Communicates with engineers and manufacturer's technical support staff regarding programming needs and performance, gather requirements, fulfill user requests, provide assistants and conduct training Reports to Director, Applications Software Coordinates with technical staff (engineering and scientific) Supports corporate quality systems and policy via software QA and company QA / regulatory department interfaces Requires a degree of independent requirements analysis and liaison with internal and external sources FDA/GMP/ISO - highly regulated operating environment Solid software engineering skills with knowledge of multiple technologies Well organized work habits Good written and oral communication skills Good analytical skills Good people skills Bachelors’ degree in software related engineering or related discipline and/or an equivalent combination of education and technical experience acceptable to Epocal. 3-10 years related experience and/or an equivalent combination of education and technical experience acceptable to Epocal 
ScrapedJobID788:
Overall architecture, design, and quality of applications and data pipelines On time and on spec delivery of product roadmap commitments as well as short term pilot and proof of concept projects Providing scope and complexity assessment as well as time estimates for new systems and feature implementation Prioritization of internal and external feature requests based on the business unit objectives Building a strong client focused engineering culture Ensuring that software that is deployed meets quality standards as well as functional and non-functional requirements Maintaining currency with trends and technology for web and mobile application development Technical leadership, coaching, mentoring, and performance management of the Software Team Performs other related duties and tasks as required Post-secondary degree in Computer Science or related field 10+ years of development experience covering the full cycle of web development and deployment 5+ years of management experience 3+ years of experience with mobile application development (iOS and/or Android) Proven experience with complete design of scalable systems Experience implementing and managing quality assurance programs Experience with database design, offline storage, and data synchronization Excellent analysis and problem-solving skills Strong experience with Agile/Scrum methodologies Understanding of machine learning approaches Understanding of GIS Prior experience with ag tech and the corresponding user base A passion for sustainable food systems and agricultural technology Exceptional communication, teamwork, and follow-up skills Bias for action, experimenting, and rapid prototyping Ability to communicate effectively and work effectively in a cross-functional environment Responsive to feedback and applying it for continuous improvements Exceptional verbal and written communication skills Vancouver, BC Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis. 
ScrapedJobID789:
Work with product management team and internal customers to understand the business requirements and transform them into scalable solutions on the Force.com platform. Determine scope and corresponding effort estimates for development projects. Perform standard Salesforce administrator tasks such as setting up users, profiles, roles, sharing rules, approval processes etc. Develop/Enhance/Maintain the integrations of Salesforce with any external systems. For any give business requirement, analyze the requirements to make the appropriate choice between point and click tools vs custom apex code. Develop high quality, reusable and maintainable code respecting the governor limits and API limits. Create and execute Unit and Integration tests ensuring proper test code coverage of above 75%. Assist with quality assurance testing, both internal testing and guiding user acceptance testing. Release management, including preparation and deployment of Salesforce Packages as well as maintaining version control. Follow established Salesforce development standards and best practices. Work with end users to troubleshoot the issues they are facing and resolving the issues in a timely manner. Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent. 3-5 years Salesforce development and administration experience Proven ability to analyze, design, and optimize business processes on Salesforce platform. Solid technical and functional knowledge of Salesforce Platform. Hands-on, in-depth experience with Salesforce.com design, configuration, and custom development using Apex Classes, Triggers, Visualforce pages, data migration tools, SOQL & SOSL. Experience with Sales and Service clouds is a must. Strong development background including reusability, unit testing, code review, source control, change sets and migration tools. Demonstrated experience and knowledge of relational databases, data modeling, and ETL tools. Experience with Agile development methodologies. Experience with web services (REST & SOAP, JSON & XML, etc.). Salesforce Developer certification(s) is preferred. Previous experience working with lightning is a plus. Previous experience working with Salesforce CPQ (Configure, Price, Quote) tool is a plus. Previous experience of using code versioning tools, such as Git/BitBucket is preferred. Ability to effectively communicate with both technical and non-technical team members. Desire to keep current on new technologies, functionality and desire to work in small fast paced collaborative environment. Excellent organizational, verbal and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID790:
You’re an experienced Accountant with a high interest in serving publicly listed clients. You’re a results-oriented leader who is committed to delivering high-quality service with high-performance results. You’re tired of big CPA firms with no company culture – you want the magic that comes with being part of a tightly-knit group of people! You THRIVE in a fast-paced work environment – your natural leadership skills allow you to take charge of projects and confidently navigate competing deadlines. You’re looking to establish yourself, build a professional career, and are excited by the opportunity to further develop your leadership skills into an eventual partnership with a fun, inclusive, and established firm. OWNING end-to-end external audits of publicly listed clients – you’re the pro! Proactively consult with key clients to deliver excellent service, gather information, resolve problems, and make recommendations for business and process improvements. Supporting, mentoring, and training junior staff on the audit process to deliver high-quality audit, assurance, and advisory services. (Remember what we said earlier about being a natural leader?) Reviewing file statements and other documents in your core areas of expertise for accuracy and quality – attention to detail is key! Keeping on top of ALL the current business and economic trends! You’ll be the go-to for all relevant trends related to our clients’ businesses which will help you improve audit processes, procedures, and techniques. Possess your CPA designation and have at least 2-3 years of public company audit experience under your belt. Equipped with the knowledge of IFRS and US GAAP in audits of public companies. Possess strong accounting and audit technical knowledge and are proficient in searching reporting handbooks and providing advice to clients. An ambitious, analytical, collaborative, organized, and self-directed mindset and the ability to effectively manage your time. (A.K.A. You’re a PRO multitasker!) A collaborative and effective communicator that is passionate about ensuring they deliver the best customer service in a courteous and professional manner. Experience with accounting software such as Caseware, TaxPrep, Sage, and Quickbooks Competitive compensation package and paid overtime to reward you for your hard work. Generous paid time off for an opportunity to rejuvenate and prioritize work-life balance. Comprehensive health, medical and dental benefits to care for you and your family’s health. Continued career development opportunities to grow and learn from your partners. Great downtown location with the flexibility to work remotely from the Cloud. Education and professional dues reimbursement to support your accounting career. Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Tuition reimbursement What are your salary expectations? Senior Audit Accountant or Audit Manager: 2 years (required) conducting external audits using IFRS: 2 years (required) Chartered Professional Accountant (required) No 
ScrapedJobID791:
Develop test plans and review written test cases to ensure complete test coverage. Perform manual testing on our products to ensure product quality standards are achieved. Oversee others that are performing/writing test cases to ensure they properly test according to test plans. Identify ways to improve on testing for efficiency, reliability and improved overall quality Provide status reports to track progress. Assist in identifying ways to improve progress tracking. Assist in reviewing current QA trends to find new tools and methods to keep QA process is economically up to date. Bachelor’s degree or associate’s with experience in the field. Technical proficiency must be able to use computers and generate reports. Ability to analyze data and create and review processes. Excellent communication skills. A desire to help others achieve their best. Willingness to assist other departments to develop solutions and metrics. Eye for detail. 
ScrapedJobID792:
Oversight of Research Quality and Compliance across research facilities for Plant Performance team Ensuring accurate inventory management for research sites and compliance with corporate SOPs through the use of specialized research and corporate software Coordination with the logistics team for research transfers Coordination of Quality Management System tasks across the department Support research department in timely completion of pending documents (NC’s, CAPA’s, PD’s, CC’s, Reference documents and FORMs) Follow up with Quality and Operations departments to ensure all documents and experiments are being completed on time Coordinate with Research Scientists and technicians on quality and compliance requirements related to experimental designs Conducting accurate sampling and sample submission for analytical purposes, both internally and to third parties when required Contribution towards seed production and cultivation tasks when applicable, including coordination with quality control on associated activities General plant care and maintenance, when applicable. Regular communication of inconsistencies and procedural improvements to the Director, Production Research Other duties as assigned Degree in a field of plant biology and/or horticulture, or 2 years of experience in a related setting Familiarity with aspects of experimental design and statistical data analysis Excellent oral and written communication skills Ability to work independently as well as to organize and lead a multidisciplinary team Strong computer skills and familiarity Microsoft Office and Google Docs High attention to detail, record keeping abilities and ensuring data quality Knowledge of the Cannabis Act and associated regulations 
ScrapedJobID793:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems 
ScrapedJobID794:
Lead regular team meetings, including reviewing work in progress, conducting roadmap planning and setting/adjusting department priorities and strategic objectives Line manages Data Quality Coordinator staff members, monitoring performance and developing individual capability Provide guidance and support for goal creation and achievement through Performance Management Program Perform routine assessments on performance, providing and soliciting feedback from team members Document employee feedback and performance as well as initiating corrective action procedures as required Approve vacation days and office equipment requests Resolve Data Quality issues to: Triage activities according to business impact Record and report findings using standardized processes Conduct root cause analyses, as necessary Propose corrective actions Manage the creation of weekly/monthly data quality scorecards Coordinate, interpret, apply, and communicate Policy Reporter data quality principles to the wider company, including data stewards, technical owners, and company stakeholders. Inculcate data quality principles in processes and projects Make data quality initiatives and complex technical information understandable to audience specific stakeholders Oversee the creation and maintenance of data quality resources, including a company-wide data quality library of Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) Manage the allocation of DQAT members to act as data quality Subject Matter Expert (SME) on projects and initiatives, as needed Coordinate the execution of data profiling by using appropriate tools such as Splunk or SQL Ensure data quality meets client Service Level Agreements (SLAs), if applicable Collaborate with Product, Software Development and Data Analytics teams on initiatives in order to achieve Policy Reporter’s strategic objectives Act as a communication bridge between DQAT and other PolicyReporter teams. Foster positive working relationships with colleagues from other teams, in turn encouraging the rest of the DQAT to do so Directs the training of new DQAT members to ensure new hires meet their target learning objectives. Collaborates with other departments to ensure a comprehensive curriculum across the company. Solicits feedback on training programs and collaborates with the team to develop an enriched curriculum Responsible for assessing an applicant’s skill set, and likelihood of success and fit in DQAT. Collaborate with People & Culture to manage the hiring process Manage the documentation of procedures and guidelines for the DQAT Work with People & Culture and the Department Head to create an organisation structure that supports DQAT development as well as a safe and healthy working environment. Collaborates with team members to organize social events for team bonding and morale Champion the DQAT cause within Policy Reporter. Act as an ambassador for the DQAT to the rest of organisation, promoting team successes and championing initiatives to overcome team challenges Utilize established leadership competencies as the driving force behind the team’s success Teach, coach, and mentor team members as their primary trainer upon hire and on an ongoing basis Serve as the first point of escalation for issues; inform manager of escalations as needed and appropriate Manage internal issues or conflicts as the first point of escalation; resolve all issues peer-to-peer at the lowest possible level 3-5 years experience in a data quality or quality assurance role 2 - 3 years previous line management experience Interest and ability in solving complex problems using data-driven decision making Ability to communicate complex, industry specific subjects and ideas clearly, adapting your communication to technical and non-technical audiences Familiarity with Data Quality tools (SQL, DQS, pgAdmin, data visualization (e.g. Tableau), Splunk) Ability to develop cross team relationships Demonstrated understanding of statistics Demonstrated understanding of healthcare, health insurance, device and pharmaceutical industry products and processes Exceptional organizational skills Intimate familiarity with Microsoft Office Suite and Google Drive applications an asset Competitive compensation package including extended health benefits. Paid vacation, paid sick leave and Paid Volunteer Leave Remote work arrangement Employee Assistance Program Excellent opportunities for personal and career development. Collaborative and supportive Company culture 
ScrapedJobID795:
Review requirements and design documents with a focus on End to End workflow across numerous systems or applications Develop and maintain automation frameworks that are appropriate to the range of infrastructure development Develop and maintain a library of automated test cases Analyze test requirements to assess test automation feasibility Execute manual testing as needed Develop new automated test cases based on the requirements Analyze automation test execution reports and assist in reproducing issues Design and maintain test automation processes Maintain and communicate a solid understanding of software testing best practices, methodologies and terminology Conduct research on new and emerging technologies in the software test area Assess and implement new automation tools and create innovative automated test systems Integration and potential aggregation of existing test automation infrastructure Build broad understanding of various applications and systems throughout the organization Apply risk-based testing to projects and report risk assessment back to client stakeholders Identify, analyze, and respond to project risks Provide feedback on feature specification and design based on customer requirements Provide feedback in the review of development code and unit tests Perform defect reporting and provide product feedback based on customer requirements Mentor other staff in test automation development University degree or college diploma in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering or related field Minimum 7 years of technical test, quality assurance or test-driven development Minimum 5 years of test automation development including framework and test cases development Experience with test case analysis and test case development applied to full testing lifecycle Experience with functional and other forms of manual testing Experience with IT Infrastructure testing and test automation Experience with Build / Release deployment – Definitions and Pipelines Experience with the Continuous Testing practice using Azure DevOps or other Continuous Integration enabler Experience with pipeline driven automation of infrastructure elements like laptops, operating systems, network elements, servers, public cloud infrastructure, etc Experience with any or all of: CodedUI Framework, Object Oriented Programming, Jenkins, Python, Azure DevOps Test Plan framework, Chef Inspec, PyTest, Visual Studio 2017+, Selenium Experience with Load and Performance Testing Best Practices Ability to understand business requirements and to translate business requirements into structured automated test scripts Strong problem-solving and software debugging skills coupled with strong attention to details Experience with bug reporting & tracking tools Knowledge of Agile methodologies, and/or demonstrates the competencies that support them Excellent time management, task planning and prioritization skills Ability to adapt quickly to changing client requirements Excellent communication and presentation skills Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment Experience with ITSM management tools like Cherwell or ServiceNow Industry experience with IT infrastructure development and testing Certification or successful completion of a recognized Software Testing /Quality Assurance curriculum Experience with Web Services and API Testing Experience with Load and Performance testing Experience with Robotic Process Automation tooling such as UiPath or similar 
ScrapedJobID796:
Build and lead AMD’s Quality Assurance team for the Advanced Technology Group, overseeing all of ATG’s QA activities Oversee tools development across our projects, including QA Test and Automation, Camera tuning, Machine Learning development and deployment, KPI attainment for power and performance, and mobile graphics Grow and prepare the group to take on new challenging projects, breaking new ground for AMD and industry Position AMD as a world-class solution in next-generation technologies Deep experience leading & developing distributed teams of software quality engineers and tools developers, while being closely involved in recruitment and training of new and existing employees Experience delivering commercial quality software solutions in consumer electronics Experience driving positive change within software development groups, improving test and quality practices Experience in building and executing on automation test frameworks to improve validation throughput of AMD solutions Experience delivering software tool products to customers, evaluating and satisfying customer needs, leading software developers to iterate on customer-focused tool solutions Demonstrated technical expertise in the domains of computer vision, mobile graphics, or other relevant field Bachelor of Computer Systems, Computer Science, Software Engineering, or similar degree 
ScrapedJobID797:
People Leadership
Manage a team of direct and indirect reports with diverse experience;
Encourage a positive team culture and build team cohesiveness;
Align team roles and goals to overall objectives of the organization;
Oversight on day-to-day operations of the team. Manage a team of direct and indirect reports with diverse experience; Encourage a positive team culture and build team cohesiveness; Align team roles and goals to overall objectives of the organization; Oversight on day-to-day operations of the team. Strategic Planning
Supports leadership to develop comprehensive strategic plans and programs for Independent Brands, consistent with market demands and long-term profitability while considering bottom line impacts;
Researches, analyses and recommends action based on financial, technological, and demographic factors of markets to capitalize on market opportunities and minimize effects of competitive activity;
Ensures effective control of all operational and logistical elements of supply chain for our operations team and takes corrective action to mitigate risks and improve systems. Supports leadership to develop comprehensive strategic plans and programs for Independent Brands, consistent with market demands and long-term profitability while considering bottom line impacts; Researches, analyses and recommends action based on financial, technological, and demographic factors of markets to capitalize on market opportunities and minimize effects of competitive activity; Ensures effective control of all operational and logistical elements of supply chain for our operations team and takes corrective action to mitigate risks and improve systems. Partnership & Stakeholder Management
Working closely with our Warehouse and Inventory Supervisors to ensure in-house operations are streamlined and functioning at an optimal level;
Key escalation point for the Fulfilment and Procurement teams to ensure ongoing needs are being met;
Managing existing vendor relationships and exploring new opportunities to partner with vendors in new and existing markets to decrease costs (trades shows; internet, etc);
Developing internal KPIs and provide robust reporting on an ongoing basis;
Oversee any new supplier or partnership relationships to ensure proper due diligence completed when a relationship is created;
A key member in continued improvement and delivery of our OHS program and requirements;
An expert source of information for cross-functional teams across the company. Working closely with our Warehouse and Inventory Supervisors to ensure in-house operations are streamlined and functioning at an optimal level; Key escalation point for the Fulfilment and Procurement teams to ensure ongoing needs are being met; Managing existing vendor relationships and exploring new opportunities to partner with vendors in new and existing markets to decrease costs (trades shows; internet, etc); Developing internal KPIs and provide robust reporting on an ongoing basis; Oversee any new supplier or partnership relationships to ensure proper due diligence completed when a relationship is created; A key member in continued improvement and delivery of our OHS program and requirements; An expert source of information for cross-functional teams across the company. Financial Accountability
Responsible for supporting the Managing Director, Independent Brands in achieving key financial targets within the P&L including annual top line revenue growth with a keen focus Gross Margin targets and continuous improvement;
A “cost expert” that is the essential source of truth for all of our core cost centers;
Accountable to work with the Finance department to evaluate monetary impacts of any changes or new initiatives prior to execution;
Work with Finance team to review key metrics throughout the year ensuring targets are on track with existing operations and find opportunities to adjust or realign business to meet targets; Responsible for supporting the Managing Director, Independent Brands in achieving key financial targets within the P&L including annual top line revenue growth with a keen focus Gross Margin targets and continuous improvement; A “cost expert” that is the essential source of truth for all of our core cost centers; Accountable to work with the Finance department to evaluate monetary impacts of any changes or new initiatives prior to execution; Work with Finance team to review key metrics throughout the year ensuring targets are on track with existing operations and find opportunities to adjust or realign business to meet targets; 5+ years of Inventory, leading practice procurement/supply chain experience; Understanding of the alcohol industry and regulatory framework would be considered an asset; Proven experience in forecasting, capacity/inventory management, quality assurance, and distribution; Experience in the global shipping industry would be valuable: Post-Secondary Education, preferably a Bachelor’s degree in a related field; Strong problem solving skills; Strong analytical and technical skills; A natural negotiator who can navigate difficult conversations; Financial acumen as related to supply chain considered an asset; Ability to prioritize tasks from various sources both inside and outside the organization; Intermediate to advanced spreadsheet skills (Google Sheets preferred); Experience working with an ERP preferred. We’re scaling, fast: We are an established company with 10+ years in the high growth field of ecommerce for the alcohol industry. We are now taking that experience global and scaling fast! We have an amazing team: Our culture is centered on strength in collaboration. Through trust and support, we have built a high performing team that is growing and learning every day. We take the work seriously but not ourselves and are always up for a laugh. You will be challenged: All our employees have the autonomy to stretch and grow as professionals, pushing themselves to make a real impact. If you are looking for a calm, consistent role where each day is the same then BlackSquare probably isn’t for you. Medical, dental and vision insurance package; Disability and life insurance; Employee assistance program; RRSP matching; Quarterly in-person or virtual events; Flexible working hours; 
ScrapedJobID798:
Implement solutions that solve complicated challenges around performance, scaling, and security while instrumenting services to provide high quality insight into emerging issues. Design and develop applications, system-to-system interfaces and complete software solutions, and create documentation such as user guides and software development guides. Bachelors of Computer Science, or equivalent degree or equivalent work experience; 3+ years of experience in DevOps Knowledge of testing frameworks and source control systems; Knowledge of ASP.Net using C#, SQL Server. Experience of owning CI/CD pipelines and creating branching strategies including release tagging and versioning. Experience of deploying *js applications managed by npm Experience in writing documentation and creating diagrams; Experience with public cloud providers such as AWS and Azure and their native tools; Experience in managing servers, networks, and infrastructure with broad knowledge of the following: networking, servers, virtualization, security, availability, resiliency, redundancy, alerting, and monitoring; Experience in quality assurance and testing, including unit testing, integration testing, load testing, performance testing, etc. Experience in Designing and developing automation test scripts for the test cases using utilities from established automation framework while following industry best practices Effectively communicate testing activities, findings and project risk in oral and written formats Experience working in an Agile/Scrum/DevOps environment supporting testing for web and Mobile technologies Experience working with medium sized team(s) Happy with a delivery oriented culture Bachelors of Computer Science, or equivalent degree or equivalent work experience; Effective verbal, written, empathy, problem-solving and active listening communication skills Ability to work independently with minimum supervision Ability to work under pressure and maintain a calm focus during short deadlines Good judgment and ability to prioritize assignments Must be in BC Role requires to be on site in BC 
ScrapedJobID799:
Lead Functional and Non-functional test projects for our cloud-based product which includes Web and REST API components Lead within QA and cross functionally with Development, Design and Product teams to gather requirements to execute all aspects of verification for major releases, negotiate scope, provide release estimation and report risks to stakeholders Prioritization and negotiation with Development & Product teams to ensure maximum reduction of risk for major product releases Implement, participate and manage execution of manual verification activities as part of the software development process Driving the Quality Roadmap contributing ideas to testing processes and procedures based on best practices and industry standards Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent experience with 5+ years of professional experience in Quality Assurance Experience leading in an Agile environment Expert at exploratory testing and the role it plays in the user based E2E journey Proven ability to analyze customer impact and risk of software changes before you can even see the working product Familiar with performing non-functional tests such as Web Load, Stress, Performance (JMeter) is an asset Effective communication skills with proven ability to convey technical concepts to an audience of varying technical backgrounds Passion for improving products and processes Passion for continuous learning and keeping up to date with testing trends 
ScrapedJobID800:
Provides information to program participants and visitors, assists with the intake process and responds to queries with regards to the agency and the services provided including making informal referrals to other resources. Researches, compiles, reviews, reconciles and/or maintains a variety of information and records. Ensures that filing systems, records, and program folders on the Shared Drive are current, accurate, and effectively meet service delivery requirements. Assists staff and managers with preparing a variety of reports and records required to meet accountability and quality assurance requirements. Maintains program participant and program information using spreadsheets and/or database software. Produces and organizes resident and program summary reports including monthly, quarterly, and annual statistical reports. Ensures that reports are sent out to various stakeholders as required. Tracks individual contract details and communicates information effectively between Program Managers, Residential Service Coordinators, and Finance staff. Acts as the liaison with regards to the gathering of detailed information for family pay (i.e., per diem amounts, resident support costs, respite amounts, educational amounts, etc.) Prepares financial reports, including occupancy statistics, for resident-specific contracts. Tracks deliverables and provides data and cost analysis. Acts as the administrative liaison with funders and provides first line resolution of issues. Administers and tracks resident funds held by the organization where applicable. Provides practical assistance to staff with regards to program operations and administrative requirements - and respond to inquiries from stakeholders regarding the services provided, and the process for making referrals. Transcribes referral data from hard copy forms to CAMS (Case Administration Management System), and ensures that all statistical data is current, complete and accurate. Includes Youth Court Orders and extensions where applicable. Provides orientation and ongoing support to program staff on using CAMS, including the development of tutorials to provide readily accessible assistance. Serves as the receptionist when required; answers telephones and in-person inquiries and routes to appropriate staff members; sorts and distributes incoming mail and prepares outgoing mail; operates a variety of office equipment (i.e., computer, printer, photocopier, fax, etc.) and ensures these are regularly maintained and in good working order. Helps troubleshoot computer and internet issues prior to referring to IT services. Makes arrangements for meetings, appointments, and travel as required. Assists in making arrangements for special events, conferences and other community initiatives. Prepares agendas and records minutes at meetings when required. Ensures that all records, reports, and documentation pertaining to service delivery are accurate, complete and in compliance with PLEA's policies and procedures. Ensures that the agency's records are safely stored, and organizes retrieval and control of records as required. Adheres to all policies and procedures established by PLEA, and meets the performance expectations of the position in a manner that demonstrates compassion and respect for all persons served. Exercises the responsibilities of the position in a manner consistent with the philosophical approach and mandate of the program. Performs other related duties as required. University degree in a discipline relevant to the work of the position. Experience in responding to inquiries from members of the community, and providing support and service to a wide range of personnel. Experience in handling confidential and sensitive information, communicating effectively with members of the community and managing difficult situations constructively. Demonstrated proficiency in Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Office (in particular, Excel) and familiarity with database programs. Demonstrated ability to type 60 words per minute and efficiently operate a telephone switchboard, PC and other office equipment. Excellent organizational, time and general management skills. Ability to communicate effectively orally and in writing and to deal with the public, and agency personnel n a friendly and effective manner. Ability to organize work including managing different priorities, adapting to changing circumstances, and carrying out the duties of the position with independence. Sound understanding of the culture in which the agency operates, the mandates of contracting and referring authorities and the ability to work effectively in a multidisciplinary environment. Demonstrate the ability to develop supportive relationships with a range of individuals, and to be sensitive and understanding of their social realities including issues of race, culture, religion, gender identity, sexual orientation, poverty, and lifestyle. Satisfactory Criminal Record Clearance. Must posses a valid Occupational First Aid Level 1 Certificate or be willing to obtain one prior to hire. A valid B.C. Driver's License (Class 5 or Class 7), and a suitable driver's abstract. These positions require travel to the Lower Mainland and the Fraser Valley. The usual hours of work in this position are based on Monday to Friday flextime scheduling arrangement of 37.5 workings hours per week. Documentation that applicant is legally entitled to work in Canada. 
ScrapedJobID801:
Perform inorganic/organic analyses on samples of various matrices including but not limited to waters, ground waters, wastewaters, sediments, and soils using an array of analytical instrumentation and various sample preparation methodologies Assist in the development and documentation of analytical methods in conjunction with professional staff Assist professional staff in writing operating procedures and laboratory protocols and train junior/less experienced staff on methods used in the laboratory Use common system operating platforms, data handling software and computers to process chemical analysis data using statistical analysis techniques to account for propagated uncertainties Receive and handle radioactive samples from customers according to established laboratory procedures Apply standard QA/QC procedures including maintaining appropriate quality records Prepare routine progress and technical reports (including standard analysis reports) Select and purchase lab supplies and maintain and troubleshoot a variety of instruments required for analyses Graduation from a recognized institute of advanced technology in Analytical Chemistry, Chemistry, Chemical Technology or another field relevant to the position. A Bachelor Degree is desired. Excellent working knowledge of inorganic analytical chemistry analysis techniques including sample handling, preparation, wet chemistry separation techniques, colourimetry, spectrophotometry and data calculations. Experience with a LIMS system is an asset. Knowledge and understanding of statistical analyses of data and propagated uncertainties is desirable. Experience in the application of standard QA/QC procedures, experience in an ISO 17025 accredited lab is highly desirable. Strong organizational skills to effectively manage the variety of samples and analyses, with demonstrated attention to detail. Strong interpersonal skills to work as part of a team, as well as ability to work independently to accomplish tasks with excellent communication skills, both written and oral. 
ScrapedJobID802:
Responsible for completing the activities of the business office, including but not limited to: Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivables, Collections, Payroll, Benefits Administration, HR activities, Resident Trust Accounting, Scheduling, Time Tracking and Open Shift Management; establishes and monitors workflow and makes changes as necessary to improve quality of service. Supports the Management Team with trouble shooting and resolving HR and Payroll and benefit related inquiries. Adheres to established policies and procedures regarding quality assurance, fire, occupational health and safety, environment, and infection control. Maintains internal records and prepares internal reports for facility as required; maintains confidentiality of all financial, personnel and resident data; maintains accounting records. Handles payments from families and all queries concerning billings from residents and /or families; prepares and completes bank deposits Greets visitors, determines purpose of visit; directs visitors to proper location as appropriate; informs staff of visitor’s arrival; presents a positive image of the facility to the public; monitors comings and goings of residents from facility. Supervises Business Office staff Participates in rotational on-call schedule with the Management Team Clerical Duties such as directing phone calls, completing job postings, seniority lists, photocopying, covering reception, meeting minutes etc. Other duties as assigned by the Administrator Post secondary diploma/certificate in office or business administration, bookkeeping, accounting or equivalent 3 – 5 years of secretarial skills and experience with office procedures required Supervisory experience 2-3 years required Experience working with seniors in a long-term care setting is an asset Knowledge and experience working with Workday, PointClickCare or cloud-based software preferred Knowledge and experience with office and computer equipment Demonstrated proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Teams) Must have an understanding of banking practices i.e. deposits, trust, etc. and sufficient accounting knowledge to determine proper journal entries. Working knowledge of HR, payroll, scheduling, benefit administration, interpretation and application of collective agreement provisions, accounts receivable, and accounts payable practices. Ability to work in a fast-paced environment with changing priorities, have exceptional time management skills and to perform well under pressure with tight deadlines Strong data analytics with high attention to detail; critical thinker Pro-active and solutions focused individual with ability to foresee issues and correct them before they turn into large issues Knowledge of Occupational Health & Safety practices, principles, and legislation Ability to read and write English as well as to understand complex verbal and written instructions in English. 
ScrapedJobID803:

ScrapedJobID804:
Ensuring that quality assurance methods and standards are maintained QA web content such as bilingual French and English copydecks. Also conduct accessibility, spelling and grammar checks across website content QA graphic layouts such as banners, images and graphics optimization and quality. Text layouts and formats, alignment of elements and colour accuracy QA usability and browser compatibility such as platform and cross-browser testing QA legibility of font sizes, links, and underlining plug-in performance. Also the overall usability responsive and cross-device testing Identifies, investigates, reports and tracks issues to closure with designer, copywriters and developers Complete functional, performance and User Interface Testing, such as testing user friendliness 3+ years proven work experience as a proficient QA Analyst Prior experience working in a creative team environment, complemented by an ability to self-manage for deadlines Basic HTML, and CSS skills with an ability to create semantically clean mark-up that is readable and easy to scale and maintain Ability to work with multiple deadlines and multiple projects simultaneously in a fast-paced, changing environment Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes; Excellent communication skills and ability to work independently or as part of a team Ability to learn fast and take on new systems and technologies Handles multiple projects with changing priorities and meet concurrent deadlines Develops and executes manual and automated testing using a multitude of tools Background in user centered design principles across pc, tablet, mobile formats Post-secondary degree or diploma in Web Design, Computer Programming, Web Development or equivalent Knowledge in using project management platforms, such as Workfront would be incredibly valued. Working knowledge of Adobe Experience Manager is an asset. Bilingual preferred (English/French) 
ScrapedJobID805:
Great interpersonal skills and team player Write well-designed, testable code following the codding standards Participate in code reviews, document design and ability to identify areas for improvement and make recommendations Integrate software components into a fully functional software system Work with team to develop software test plans and quality assurance procedures Maintenance of the existing application via enhancements and production defect support Interact with business stakeholders, end user, peers, help desk, and management personnel to resolve issues Great interpersonal skills and team player Excellent problem solving and analytical skills Development experience with MS SQL Server and T-SQL. Strong T-SQL skills desired Experience of TypeScript and any modern JavaScript frameworks (Angular, React, Vue) Experience in C# .NET Framework 4.5 or higher Experience of Unit testing using NUnit or XUnit Some experience in Agile methodologies and practices Exposure with Python, Angular 2, .NET Core, and Docker is preferred Automated end-to-end test experience is highly valued Bachelor’s degree in Computing Science or equivalent required 5-7 years of related work experience 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID806:
A university degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a related discipline, coupled with relevant, ongoing education in quality assurance, project management, business processes, and/or information systems solutions. A minimum of 2 years of experience in a technical environment, testing applications using different types of testing: Functional (Unit Testing, Smoke Testing, Sanity Testing, Integration Testing, Regression Testing, UAT Testing, Accessibility Testing) and Non-Functional (Compatibility Testing, Load Testing, Stress Testing, Security Testing). Experience using technologies such as Java, HTML, databases (DB2 & Microsoft SQL Server) and AS/400 exposure would be an asset. Experience using automated testing tools such as Selenium, Rational Performance Tester and JMeter, as well as accessibility tools such as Jaws and NVDA would be beneficial. Proven data analysis, data verification, and problem-solving abilities. Experience with statistical reporting and analysis. Good project management skills and/or substantial exposure to project-based work structures. Strong interpersonal skills related to needs identification, business process consultation, solution selling and relationship management at all levels of the organization. Understanding of business unit processes, workflows and management control structures. Understanding of performance measures, cost/benefit analysis and ROI. Speaks in a clear, articulate manner for individual and/or group situations. Interprets and applies complex information. Knowledge of system testing best practices and methodologies, coupled with experience with core software applications, including web client, desktop client and server applications. Hands-on experience with automated testing tools, and reporting software is an asset. Knowledge / experience in AS/400 and Windows/Linux platforms, and leveraging same to meet business unit needs, is an asset. Relevant practical experience in Information Services, business processes, control structures and information systems design, development and implementation will be considered in lieu of a university degree. In conjunction with the Information Technology team and client department representatives, facilitates business and end-user testing with respect to applications solutions. Works with business analysts and developers to quantify end-user requirements to help build test cases and conduct quality audits to ensure that problem free solutions are implemented. Collaborates with team to establish and document test processes that are automated/repeatable. Works with Senior Quality Assurance Analyst with respect to application testing and quality assurance standards and works with the development team to ensure that the applications being developed meet the needs of the business. Participates in requirements and design reviews to ensure test plans are traceable to requirements. Provides support to the development team and business units throughout the life cycle of a project. Evaluates system performance and effectiveness and provides ongoing and support for IT solutions. Applies proven analytical and problem-solving skills to help validate IT processes through careful testing to maximize the benefit of business investments in IT initiatives. Works with various business units on creating and executing test cases that ensure the requested business functionality is being developed. The incumbent is required to assist the business units with development of test scenarios and scripts as required. Provides regular reports to business units and department management regarding the status of assigned projects and initiatives from a quality assurance perspective. Researches and quantifies the development and implementation of test processes and tools for high-quality, cost-effective applications solutions in keeping with the defined and agreed needs of client departments and industry best practices. Remains current on new products and tools via technical journals, Internet sources, conferences and courses, and networks with other professionals. Ensures awareness at all times of organization objectives with respect to current and projected plans for provision of IT functionality to business users. Contributes and participates on new initiatives based on best practices in Information Technology and quality assurance as assigned by Senior Quality Assurance Analyst or IT Management staff. Works closely with other members of the Information Technology team and client departments in the identification, diagnosis, isolation and resolution of complex problems. Shares expertise regarding Law Society business systems, and regularly communicates with team members regarding systems issues, projects and initiatives. Acts as a key contributor, facilitating needs identification, and promoting the effective use of information technology solutions to business process and performance objectives. Works towards achieving a service-focused culture with emphasis on delivering on-time, high-quality solutions to internal and external customers. 
ScrapedJobID807:
Integrate accessibility and WCAG-compliance into requirements, design and implementation phases of client projects Collaborate with client technical team members to provide remediation support and guidance throughout the eA customer journey Conduct wireframe/design reviews and create comprehensive test plans Work closely with accessibility testing teams to ensure highest level of quality and on time delivery of audits Be the Subject Matter Expert (SME) for eA platform to answer technical questions and successfully enable our valued clients Act as the technical interface between the client and eA cross functional teams “Customer First” mindset and drive technical value for our clients Partner with Customer Success Managers to provide best in class client experience throughout the customer journey Lead technical conversations with client stakeholders and ensure that they are making progress/improvements towards their compliance Conduct formal reviews with clients on test results provide consultative advice on accessibility best practices Look ahead and provide advice and guidance for potential future accessibility road blocks Recognizing our clients digital properties and having the ability to identify relevant best practices for their specific situation BSc. or equivalent in Computer Science, Engineering or related field experience 5+ years of experience as software engineer and at least 2 years of technical leadership 2+ years of experience in digital accessibility Strong technical skills in front-end technologies HTML, JavaScript, CSS Experience with assistive technologies including NVDA, JAWS or VoiceOver Resourceful and you take pride at being accountable in your role Experience working with JIRA and Confluence Excellent communication skills, both written and oral Basic knowledge of disability law including, but not limited to the ADA and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act (Section 504) Knowledge and experience with WCAG 2.0 AA or later accessibility standards and
Guidelines Experience remediating issues across browsers (IE, Chrome, Firefox, and Safari) Experience with accessibility audit and quality assurance tools and processes Experience evaluating the accessibility of a digital product using a
variety of tools and providing feedback to website owners, web developers and
designers Any related certifications such as:
IAAP Certified Professional in Accessibility Core Competencies (CPACC)
Web Accessibility Specialist (WAS) Certification IAAP Certified Professional in Accessibility Core Competencies (CPACC) Web Accessibility Specialist (WAS) Certification Competitive salary Healthcare benefits effective from first day of employment 3 weeks of vacation to start Stock options Passionate group of coworkers who are performance driven and aligned to the company’s success Growth opportunity as the company scales Fully remote 
ScrapedJobID808:
By delegation from the Engineering Manager, Construction Services, the Materials Technician has responsibility for providing effective and competent support to Intertek Testing Services NA Ltd. in a safe, legal, and ethical manner. This is a position which will appeal to a self-motivated individual with a strong technical/practical background, excellent interpersonal/communication skills, and a solid work ethic, coupled with an interest in career growth. Listed examples are illustrative and representative of the tasks required of this position and are not intended to be complete or exclusive. Conduct Laboratory and field materials testing on concrete, soil and aggregate materials to within CCIL certification for Concrete and Aggregate. Conduct field and laboratory testing on materials and geotechnical projects for various clients throughout the Greater Vancouver Area. Conduct field materials sampling on materials and geotechnical projects as required working with the Engineering Manager, Laboratory Supervisor and clients. Become proficient in various CSA and ASTM Materials Testing Standard and Procedures for concrete and aggregate materials testing. Assist the Laboratory Supervisor in conducting and completing materials testing and certification as required. Provide Materials Testing Services and Inspection on site and in the laboratory as required. Responsible for maintaining work order and unit posting process along with the Laboratory Supervisor. Carrying out all responsibilities in a supportive manner with total adherence to: The Company’s Health, Safety and Environmental Policies and Procedures, Quality Management System, Compliance and Ethics Policies, Vision, Mission and Strategy, and exercises good judgment, common sense, and diplomacy. Diploma in Civil Engineering Technology is preferred or, alternatively, equivalent technical experience. 2 years progressive experience in soil, aggregate, geotechnical and concrete materials testing. Eligible to CCIL Concrete Testing Category CCIL Type C and D Aggregate Certification and CCIL Concrete Category “0” and “1”. Familiar with civil engineering construction QA/QC inspection and test standards and procedures to ASTM and CSA standards. ASTTBC Membership preferred. Excellent customer service skills. Excellent communication skills in both verbal and written format (Technical Memo’s for project need to be clear and legible). Excellent organization and time management skills. Effective business writing and composition skills with a good command of the English language. Ability to complete tasks. Ability to work independently in a fast-paced, multi-tasking environment. Microsoft Office software knowledge. 
ScrapedJobID809:
Monitor contacts across all channels to assess agent demeanor, technical accuracy, customer service performance, and conformity to company policies and procedures Develop and maintain channel-specific, category-specific QA grids to score performance and share feedback with team leads for coaching Responsible for QA and Coaching trackers; central location for feedback that needs delivered to individual agents; monitor for patterns and trends Partner closely with the Direct Sales Category Leads, Training & Development Manager, and Sales Development Lead to further develop processes and procedures, enhance training materials, and provide guidance on effective coaching Determine KPIs, track results, and regularly report out on team performance; analyze metrics regularly to identify areas of opportunity to focus on Proactively provide regular actionable data to various internal teams as required Host recurring calibration sessions with DS Team; work cross-functionally to calibrate with key stakeholders across the business Other related duties as required Post-secondary education in Business, Ecommerce, Sales or related area of study Minimum 10 years working in a sales-focused contact centre Minimum 3 years’ experience managing retail / ecommerce operations Minimum 3 years of experience performing contact centre QA or a similar capacity Exceptional verbal and written communication skills are mandatory; confidence, compassion, and high-energy when handling with difficult conversations Superior customer service and sales skills, strong business acumen Critical to have experience managing own work priorities in order to meet personal & team goals Must have strong analytical skills and an understanding of system databases, data elements, and application software solutions to maximize data gathering and data analysis Must be proactive and results oriented with strong organization, communication and influencing skills, a self-starter who takes initiative, seeks opportunities for improvement, and creatively and constructively challenges the status quo Proven ability to lead, coach, and provide feedback to team members and direct reports for ongoing support, with a proven ability to build and maintain strong relationships Highly-advanced Excel skills are a must-have; other Office applications such as Access, Visio and PowerPoint are an asset Ability to effectively manage multiple priorities and demands in a fast paced, time-sensitive environment Thrives in an environment of change and ambiguity Salary and bonus is based on experience and highly competitive for the right candidate Benefits package An opportunity within a growing, fast-paced company, well established in its industry Fun! We celebrate successes, and hold special events to build strong teams. 
ScrapedJobID810:
Lead and manage project activities and client relations related to complex quality assurance and testing projects Communicate progress of testing activities to the Test Manager and stakeholders Facilitate and run defect triage meetings for multiple initiatives Train, mentor and coach junior test team members and provide performance feedback Collaborate with client team to collect, create, present, maintain, and store knowledge transfer assets Maintain solid understanding of software testing best practices, methodologies and terminology Act as a mentor for test team members and provide performance feedback Act as a test subject matter expert for solution and functional areas within assigned projects Develop or assist in developing strategic/tactical testing deliverables such as Test Strategies & Plans Perform requirements analysis and quality risk analysis Accountable for monitoring and reporting test progress & status to project management and stakeholders Oversee the development of test conditions/scenarios and traceability matrix(ces) for multiple teams Oversee the identification and preparation of test data Manage tasks and assignments of team members Monitor and manage completion of assigned testing scope and deliverables Ensure quality processes are followed Produce internal and client facing status reports, as required Participate in and facilitate test retrospective reviews Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science and/or Business or 2-year diploma in IT and/or Business with Equivalent IT Experience Industry recognized Testing Certification to be acquired after 1 year of employment Must hold a valid Canadian passport and be eligible to apply for a US work visa Minimum 5+ yrs. working in Software Testing, Quality Assurance 5+ yrs. working with a Test Case & Defect Management system 5+ yrs. working on teams in Business/IT Sector, 3+ yrs. team lead experience preferred Lottery and gaming experience considered an asset Demonstrable experience with project and client management for complex quality assurance and testing projects Strong interpersonal skills Strong verbal and written English communication skills Strong negotiation skills Critical eye for detail Able to positively motivate team members and instill accountability for on-time, on-budget project delivery Critical thinker Self motivated and ability to work effectively with minimal supervision Ability to build strong relationships with clients and team members Demonstrate the ability to provide information and ideas in a clear, comprehensive, concise and organized manner Maintains excellent time management, task planning and prioritization skills Must have the ability to travel up to 50% 
ScrapedJobID811:
Work closely with development team based on company defined development processes and methodologies Lead on multiple projects with changing priorities and meet concurrent deadlines Contribute in sprint planning and user story grooming Design test plan and test cases from user stories, identify opportunities to employ automation to reduce time/cost Provide Estimates for testing tasks Assess risk of test scope adjustment and escalate to team / manager for any impediment Apply different test methods to achieve balance between coverage and agility Analyze and troubleshoot application / environment issue Review and oversee test cases from teammates, as well as take part in test case execution Create and maintain automated test suites You have a University degree or college diploma in Computer Science or equivalent industry experience You have more than 5 years of QA experience with SaaS application You have worked in an Agile environment as QA You have knowledge of a spectrum of software development methodologies You have QA experience with microservices architecture, container and docker You have basic knowledge of github branching and merging You have knowledge in MSSQL and have written numerous queries You always work and prioritize multiple tasks applying excellent time management skill You are familiar with computer programming language and concepts, .Net technologies You are an excellent problem solver who enjoy challenges You are comfortable working off hours occasionally You have prior testing experience on Azure Cloud or AWS or Google Cloud Platform An opportunity to work in a stable and exciting work environment with growth opportunities Tuition reimbursement program Medical and dental benefits without a waiting period Three (3) weeks paid vacation Location! We are in Don Mills with free parking, close to the 401 and DVP, with bike racks, and a TTC stop outside our office Defined Benefit Pension Plan Employee Assistance Program Various perks such, gym membership, Fitbit for monthly team challenges, Perkopolis and socials for everyone from book club to sports A culture that encourages volunteering, giving back, collaboration, and team activities, check out @lifeatangussystems on Instagram for more An open concept, bright office with access to Wilket Creek and Sunnybrook Park 
ScrapedJobID812:
Français parisien Exécuter et mettre à jour des scénarios de test. Vérifier la qualité de la traduction, ainsi que l'uniformité et la correction du langage employé pour les produits et jeux conformément aux spécifications fournies. Signaler les erreurs selon les exigences du projet. Effectuer des analyses de produits approfondies dans le cadre de l'expérience de jeu et de test afin de mieux en comprendre le fonctionnement du jeu, de recueillir de la rétroaction et de fournir des suggestions d'amélioration. Acquérir une connaissance des méthodologies de test et du marché du jeu vidéo. Partager vos connaissances avec les autres membres de l'équipe de test. Accomplir les tâches administratives assignées par le superviseur. Effectuer d'autres activités nécessaires à l'exécution du travail, et conformément

aux directives du superviseur. Suivre les procédures associées à l'emploi. Aptitudes de rédaction et de communication dans l'une des langues cibles susmentionnées; Une année d'expérience en localisation ou en localisation de jeux vidéo; Bonne connaissance du marché du jeu vidéo et des méthodologies de test, et grand intérêt pour ce marché; Bonne capacité de communication en anglais; Études dans le domaine des langues ou de la technologie souhaitées; Bonne maîtrise du suivi des tests d'assurance qualité, des outils de localisation et de la suite Microsoft Office; Excellentes aptitudes communicationnelles. Accès et participation à l'un des jeux sur ordinateur les plus populaires dans le monde; Accès au matériel et aux logiciels utilisés aux fins du projet; Accès aux fichiers du projet et aux droits d'administrateur; Occasion de travailler avec un chef de file mondial en croissance dans les services liés aux jeux vidéo; Accès aux plus récentes technologies de jeu; Occasion de contribuer à bâtir la meilleure organisation en matière de test dans le monde; Travailler au sein d'une équipe créative et dans un environnement convivial. Perspectives de perfectionnement professionnel au sein d'un environnement multiculturel : Lionbridge compte des bureaux dans plus de 20 pays, et ces bureaux collaborent régulièrement sur des projets, ce qui fait découvrir à nos employés toutes sortes de cultures et de méthodes de travail. Accès à une plateforme de formation. Parisian French Execution and updates of test cases. Testing product/game translation quality, consistency and language correctness according to given specifications. Reporting bugs in line with project requirements. In-depth product analysis as part of playing and testing for better understanding of its functioning and gathering feedback, providing suggestions for product improvements. Acquiring knowledge on testing methodologies and video game market. Sharing knowledge with other members of testing team. Performing administrative tasks assigned by the supervisor. Performing other activities necessary for the proper conduct of work in accordance with the supervisor's instructions. Observing procedures related to the job. Have native writing and speaking abilities in one of the target languages. Have 1 year of experience in Localization or Game Localization. Have good knowledge and passion of video game market and testing methodologies. Have communicative English. Preferred education - in languages or technology. Have good command of test tracking, support tools and MS Office. Have excellent communication skills. Access/make impact to one of the most played PC games in the world. Access to hardware and software used for the purposes of the project. Access to project files with administrative rights. Opportunity to work with a fast-growing global leader in Games services. Access to the latest gaming technology. Opportunity to help us build the best global testing organization. Work in a creative team and friendly environment. Professional development opportunities in a multi-cultural environment. Lionbridge has offices in over 20 countries and many of these offices work collaboratively on projects, exposing our employees to a wide range of cultures and work styles. Access to training platform 
ScrapedJobID813:
Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable C++/C# code according to best practices and standard procedures Provide time estimates for feature delivery Diagnose and fix defects identified by Game Integration Testers and Quality Assurance Help maintain code quality and organization Clearly and regularly communicate with team lead, management, and technical support colleagues Perform peer code reviews Mentoring more junior colleagues Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field, college diploma in software development, or equivalent experience 5+ years of software development experience Strong proficiency in C++/C#, Windows Good understanding of Object-Oriented Programming principles and concepts Must be able to pass a security investigation Able to work on assigned tasks with minimal supervision Flexible and willing to accept changes in priorities as necessary Game engine experience such as Unity is considered an asset Experience with Shaders, 3D, physics, and OpenGL is considered an asset Game development experience is considered an asset Experience with source control software (svn, git, Perforce) considered an asset Experience with development tools, such as Visual Studio and JIRA, is considered an asset Familiarity with continuous integration Building collaborative relationships Decision making Drive results Foster innovation Personal energy Self-leadership 
ScrapedJobID814:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems 
ScrapedJobID815:
Build the Software Operations Quality Scorecard, Software Release Readiness, and new Configuration Management System for vehicle launches and software releases. Metrics automation includes: process, configuration management, and product KPI’s. Develop software tools and features to assist with reporting and development process automation Develop and maintain Web UI features using ReactJS Work with and / or develop API using Django (python) Use RestAPI from other 3rd Party tools to fetch Data Work with a SQL Server database to fetch data – able to write SQL queries efficiently Contribute to team deliverable through involvement in agile scrum development sprints Able to work relatively independently Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field of study (Successful candidates will be required to provide proof of degree completion for the highest level of education attained. If the degree was obtained from a school outside of Canada, an Education Credential Assessment report showing Canadian equivalency is also required.) 3+ year experience with Web UI development ReactJS 3+ year experience in Python development 3+ year experience working with Django Experience working with databases and writing SQL queries (Ideally SQL Server) Experience with REST API Analytical with the ability to produce creative and effective software solutions to problems Strong communication skill Experience GitHub or other SCM tools Experience building RestAPI using Django Strong aptitude for troubleshooting and problem solving Strong verbal and written communication skills Ability to work in a multi-site team environment where self-driven and self-motivate capabilities are key qualities 
ScrapedJobID816:
Research, analyze and develop solutions to improve efficiencies in the manufacturing facilities; Oversee, manage and implement technical systems and support tools related to manufacturing processes; Design, implement, and maintain technical manufacturing related reporting and tracking systems to include business intelligence solutions that highlight critical information; Identify and interpret manufacturing data and business trends, analyze results using statistical techniques; Develop and maintain reports and forms in various business applications, including business intelligence solutions; Collaborate with key stakeholders to plan, implement and execute business/manufacturing initiatives, while ensuring alignment with overall strategy and delivery on objectives; Use statistical techniques and applications to provide and apply Quality Assurance (QA) processes for manufacturing data submissions; Compile, analyze and interpret user requirements, documenting workflows to support and guide developers in manufacturing, business and functional requirements for new systems or enhancements to existing systems; Train staff on manufacturing related technology; maintain technical and procedural documentation for manufacturing related systems applications; Assist with the prioritization of initial feature development and ongoing change requests; Perform extensive testing on developed software and developed reports to ensure accuracy, performance and desired results are present; and Respond to and resolve user requests related to manufacturing/business system applications. Ability to analyze detailed information and make appropriate decisions; Ability to analyze complex technical problems and implement solutions; Ability to think logically and consistently; Excellent organizational and time management skills; Ability to adapt quickly to changing circumstances; Sound judgment, tact and confidentiality; Excellent interpersonal skills; Ability to communicate effectively with business system users, co-workers, senior management; Ability to work independently and in a team environment; Knowledge of manufacturing business workflow processes an asset. Preferred Bachelor’s degree in Business, Computer Science or related field. At least 5 years’ related experience in a business or manufacturing environment. Experience in requirements management, including requirements gathering, analysis, and specification documentation. High level of interpersonal skills to handle sensitive and confidential situations and documentation. Ability to manage competing priorities, work independently, work with strict deadlines, and attend to projects and work processes with excellent organizational skills and strong attention to detail. Strong written and verbal communication skills, with meticulous attention to detail and commitment to quality. Ability to maintain confidentiality and discretion regarding sensitive issues. Ability to build effective relationships with all levels of management and employees within the company. Excellent computer skills, including but not limited to Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft NAV, Jet Reports, Workday Planning. Ability to travel cross border (US/Canada) for team meetings or project assignments. Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance Profit sharing Vision care Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID817:
Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Vision care 8 hour shift Day shift Overtime Shipping & receiving: 3 years (preferred) Driving Licence (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID818:
Products and updates are released with exceptional quality (defect free) Accurate and timely delivery of property data Fast performing websites Server reliability and scalability Employee motivation and engagement Recruit, coach, retain and lead best in class talent that include Product Delivery, Dev Ops, and Data Ops teams Work closely with the Project Managers to drive implementation of technology projects based on project objectives and business requirements Lead product development, coach developers, perform code reviews, and advise internal and external teams of development standards, requirements, and processes Implement the CEO's product strategy in collaboration with VP of Product & Experience across the complete product delivery lifecycle Act as technical leader and expert for the senior management team Understand, improve and scale technological infrastructure on Google Cloud Platform Drive engineer quality and scalability team skills and practices; not afraid to be hands on if needed Align technology recommendations and solutions with organization objectives Explore, develop and maintain relationships with 3rd party technology partners like Google, SADA, Stackpath and others whose products & services form REW's SaaS ecosystem 8+ years of strong experience of leading product development, dev ops and data teams Deep expertise and experience with scaling SaaS platforms and businesses from legacy to modern cloud architectures Cloud certification in GCP, AWS or relevant experience Experience with attracting and retaining top engineering talent Critical Thinking Stakeholder Sensitivity Adaptability Self Awareness Data Driven See the direct result of your work through our teams, business, and Clients' successes. Be part of a founder led organization where decisions are made soundly yet quickly. 
ScrapedJobID819:
Eligible for top secret security clearance: No criminal activity No criminal records Ten years of verifiable history Canadian Citizen Strong English verbal and written communication skills Experienced with test automation using Javascript, Selenium and .NET TestComplete or similar COTS automation tools Good working knowledge of Jenkins Comfortable at looking for ways to automate and optimize common tasks Professional experience in software quality assurance Experience with VMWare, Kubernetes, Helm Knowledge of the telecommunications industry, particularly telephony and networking Looks for opportunities to improve test automation tooling and code Familiar with best practices for test automation Skilled in working with distributed systems Knows the difference between a road block and a hurdle Can independently troubleshoot and investigate issues that arise Ability to read and understand Arabic, German, French, Spanish or any other language Well-organized and looks for ways to provide value Passionate about software testing and quality 
ScrapedJobID820:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems 
ScrapedJobID821:

ScrapedJobID822:
Analyze business and technical requirements to identify opportunities to reuse existing technology or develop realistic new software solutions. Develop, enhance and support core business Angular 10/12 applications and API’s for a project. Creation and improvements of solution implementation and deployment documents and scripts. Diagnose and troubleshoot problems with existing applications and restore normal operations in a timely and accurate fashion. Participate in software architectural changes, solution design and technical specifications Under the guidance of senior staff, design, develop, test, and implement new software solutions as well as enhancements to existing ones. Collaborate with ONE ID application team, business analysts, architects, quality assurance and system owners in the testing (unit, system and integration) of newly developed software applications. Work with internal IT groups, vendors and other third parties to define/design information technology solutions to business problems Adhere to Ontario Health processes, security and privacy. Perform Rotational On-call duties. Provide application Tier 3 support (24x7x365) Occasionally, working outside of normal business hours, and on weekends, is necessary to accommodate system implementations, maintenance, and responses to outages Maintain test environments for development and quality assurance Implement software patches to ensure software is current and supported by the vendor (if required) Undergraduate degree in computer science or computer/electrical engineering or equivalent from a recognized institution At least 5+ solid years of experience in software development using Angular 8+ and Java Experience with Single Sign On (SSO), SAML or OpenID Connect/OAuth 2.0 3+ years is highly desired 3+ years of Docker container development and deployment is desired Experience with continuous integration and delivery (CI/CD) practices Experience in creating application and solution artifacts such as technical requirement and design documents. Strong communication skills, to liaise between internal technical and external client business teams Team player with track record of meeting strict deadlines Knowledge of application development using current continuous integration and continuous deployment tools It would be an asset to have DEVOPS knowledge and experience Strong analytical and innovative problem-solving skills Proven experience of User Interface (UI) web development using Angular Experience in building and deploying Angular web based applications and application integration using API’s Experience in API development Knowledge of Node.JS software development is an asset Experience with scripting and testing tools Knowledge of authentication technologies such as SAML, SSO, Secure Token Service, SSO Federation, OpenID Connect or OAuth is an asset Good understanding of Linux systems and IP networking Ability to troubleshoot and resolve a multi-platform deployment issues Understand how public key infrastructure (PKI) is an asset Process oriented with good analytical skills and sound judgment Proven ability in working with matrix organizations and conflicting priorities and multiple tasks Commitment to client delivery and satisfaction 
ScrapedJobID823:
Define test strategies and test plans based on software development plan Design detailed test cases based on requirements and test plan Create and maintain traceability between requirements and test cases Design and develop test tools and test scripts to automate test cases and test workflow Prepare test reports, provide initial problem analysis, and contribute to defect prevention Setup and configure necessary test equipment and environments for test execution and automation. Test environments may include both simulation and target hardware. Participate in the continuous improvement of test processes and methodologies 2+ years of embedded software test experience, preferably in mobile or automotive industry 2+ years of experience in testing Android code Excellent programming skills in common languages such as Python, Java, or C++ Strong experience with test automation, tool development, and scripting, but also very comfortable with manual testing when necessary Solid knowledge of software quality assurance methodologies and tools Outstanding verbal and written communication skills Self-motivated, curious, able to deliver on time, a quick-learner, and able to work in a fast-paced & flexible work environment Knowledge of, and experience with, Scrum/Agilesoftware development process Strong problem-solving and analytical skills, coordination skills, and interpersonal skills Product development or testing experience in Audio, Connectivity, Android Auto, or CarPlay domains is a plus Experience with vehicle communication network protocols (CAN, MOST, etc.) is a plus Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, or equivalent field Advanced degrees are a plus 
ScrapedJobID824:
Ensure the overall quality of Jonas Premier, our web based construction accounting software Identify and log defects found both internally and externally, working closely with developers to investigate and ensure the issue is correctly addressed and resolved Create and execute manual test cases to validate that all business requirements are met Test reports to ensure accuracy and correct accounting Improve test automation by managing and expanding upon our automated test suite Work closely with the support and development teams to triage incoming support cases Develop specifications based on business requirements from both new and existing features 5+ years of QA technical experience with business applications Ability to interact effectively with developers and end users maintaining a strong customer focus Excellent verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills; approachability and able to develop strong, positive peer relationships Self-motivated to drive for results with the ability to work well individually or as part of a team Ability to translate business requirements to test cases, with experience writing and executing detailed test cases Proven priority setting skills, time management skills the perseverance to meet deadlines Experience testing accounting based applications Experience with Construction ERP packages would be a major asset Experience testing web/cloud based applications Past experience working with change management systems and issue tracking software, such as Microsoft Team Foundation Server Experience working with Salesforce Experience with Microsoft SQL, databases, and the ability to write basic queries Designing, deploying and supporting automated tests with Selenium C# or similar automation tools 
ScrapedJobID825:
Manages system development, configuration and implementation analysis for the HR, Finance, and/or Student application(s) within the ISC product. This includes, but is not limited to, the collection and interpretation of stakeholder needs, enterprise risk analysis of change requirements and impact, and communicating to senior leadership the impact to the organization’s Community relating to configuration updates. Leads the translation of business requirements to technical specifications and manages implementation projects with support from functional product leads. Responsible for leading events management and utilizing subject matter expertise to resolve issues, performing related prototyping, configuration and unit-testing releases, enhancements and changes, and providing future mitigation recommendations to leadership. Develops and maintains effective partnerships across the ISC and the broader client’s community The Incumbent is the configuration subject matter expert and main point for configuration inquires across the ISC and technical professionals across campus where it relates to the ISC; collaborates across the ISC to align work, priorities, and practices and to assess design needs for continuous improvement. Actively promotes best practices in the security and privacy of personal information and data; makes recommendations to improve processes and procedures where necessary. 5+ years of experience managing configurations in large ERPs Experience working with Workday in an HR, Finance, or Student function is strongly preferred Experience working in complex, academic environments is preferred (and specifically within the organization) Proven experience in end-to-end configuration practice within an evolving complex product Experience working a variety of software including Jira, Confluence and ticketing systems, such as ServiceNow Proven knowledge of HR and/or finance business processes and related interactions within complex
 organizational contexts. Working knowledge of quality assurance disciplines including best practices for continuous improvement. ITIL certification (minimum basic level) is an asset 
ScrapedJobID826:
Supports manufacturing operations by cleaning, tear-down, evaluation and repair of existing molds within the facility. Assembling, repairing, inspecting, cleaning and polishing molds using skill and care while handling and polishing critical surfaces. Laying out, fabricating and assembling metalworking dies, molds, and machine tool fixtures by analyzing blueprints, sketches, models and engineering or shop specification. Provide constructive feedback and input to engineering regarding mold performance and preventative maintenance issues Work with the team to meet completion repair / PM dates Document cleanings, corrective actions, modifications, spare parts installed, and other relevant information for all molds within the facility Perform preventive maintenance / work orders as required Requests/Work Orders for troubleshooting molds currently in production and installed in injection molding machines. Manufactures, alters, and repairs gauges, jigs, fixtures, special machines, and other devices Responsible to ensure quality, reliability, maintainability and durability of tooling which meets or exceeds both internal and external customer requirements as directed May assist product designers by providing information about potential manufacturing difficulties with new product designs. Complete work order and inspection records & maintain records as per company policy Reads and interprets blueprints or works from verbal or written instructions, sketches, or from the actual part to be copied or fitted Maintain compliance with the quality assurance manual Review the Non-conformance Report and assists quality committee to implement corrective and preventive actions Uses precision measuring and gauging tools, performing required inspections before, during, and after machining Keep work area and equipment clean and orderly and/or follows all safety rules Hot runner function and repair including electric, hydraulic and pneumatic valve gates Update date codes on molds at the beginning of every month Operates lift truck, overhead crane, and related equipment to lift, move, and handle molds Order mold supplies, necessary tools to perform job Additional duties as required High School Diploma/GED required. 2 years of Technical or trade school preferred with an emphasis on mold making Minimum 1-year of previous experience in related position Mechanical comprehension of complex plastic injection molds a plus Knowledge and understanding of tooling drawings/specifications and engineering standards Ability to interpret and understand design software (CAD, SolidWorks, NX) Familiar with Hotrunner systems and SVG’s, able to trouble shoot Dexterity to work with precision equipment and tools, as well as have great math skills and judgement High degree of mechanical aptitude, highly focused and driven to learn Strong written and verbal communication Strong attention to detail Good problem-solving skills and ability to work with minimum supervision. Computer skills, comfortable with Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook) Able to learn & use Tooling / maintenance software Fork Lift and Crane Certifications preferred Rigging skills to manage assembled molds and mold plates safely Have your own tools Be a self-starter, be motivated, and able to work in a team environment A positive can-do attitude with willingness to learn Experience in the Automotive Industry is an asset Bonus pay Company events Dental care Extended health care On-site parking Paid time off Profit sharing Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID827:
Specification or technical writing Quality assurance or control Project management Project planning Operations or production Installation, maintenance and inspection of equipment or facilities Design Computer software development AutoCAD Networking hardware Supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) system MS Office Program programmable logic controllers (PLCs) Power Line Systems, computer aided design and drafting (PLS-CADD) WAN LAN Supervise technicians, technologists, programmers, analysts and other engineers Plant maintenance engineering Industrial robotics Computer design Communications Electrical Control system System integration Electrical or electronic equipment manufacturing Supervise and inspect the installation and operation of electrical and electronic systems and equipment Prepare material cost and timing estimates, reports and design specifications Develop maintenance and operating standards for electrical and electronic systems and equipment Design electrical and electronic components, systems and equipment Conduct feasibility, design operation and performance research of electrical generation and distribution networks Investigate electrical or electronic failures Conduct micro or nanodevices simulations, characterization, process modeling and integration in the development of new electronic devices and products Own vehicle Willing to travel Valid driver's licence Travel expenses paid by employer Willing to travel internationally Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Combination of sitting, standing, walking Tight deadlines 5-10 people Programmable logic controller (PLC) Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Client focus 
ScrapedJobID828:
Automate Infrastructure as Code (Terraform) to manage development, test and production environments Design and implement CI/CD pipeline for container-based and serverless applications Ensure that development teams use appropriate tools and processes to deploy code and operate environments. Manage change requests in accordance with platform strategy, standards and governance. Improve Monitoring, Incident management processes, Backup & Disaster Recovery (DR) strategy, Software Quality Assurance Keep pace with the evolving cloud technologies and recommend and implement improvements to our hosting standards Proactively identifying and mitigate risks on the running environments Collaborate on standardizing of a reusable and modular DevOps toolchain. Debug production infrastructure issues and develop optimizations for cost and performance Maintain a close relationship with other engineering teams to drive and communicate DevOps automation. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering Minimum of 3 years experience in a similar position Must have thorough understanding of a cloud continuous delivery/continuously integration release process and best practices Strong knowledge of the Dev Ops tool chain on Linux/windows platforms; Terraform, Jenkins, Python, nodejs, git, Powershell etc. Experience with Docker container related technologies like Kubernetes, EKS, ECS and Fargate Familiarity with AWS serverless technologies, services, or infrastructure architecture Deploying automation solutions in AWS cloud environment Proficiency in system design & architecture Experience designing, building, and operating distributed complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers. Ability to work in a team, solid interpersonal and leadership skills Very good oral and written communication skills in English. (French is an asset) Persistent in the face of roadblocks; dispatches them efficiently, pulling in others as necessary. Requires minimal direction/oversight Takes the initiative to fix issues before being assigned them Ability to stay on top of projects and confidence in taking decisions to resolve or escalate issues Ability to take a project from scoping requirements through actual launch of the project. A fast-growing international company A stimulating, fast and friendly work environment An opportunity to highly contribute to the success of the company Competitive global compensation 
ScrapedJobID829:
Support the business through technical expertise and building in-depth functional knowledge of the business workflows Contribute towards test planning, test scenarios, test cases, and review deliverables with developers and BA team and acquire sign-offs to meet complex business requirements Perform Regression testing, Functional testing, & Migration testing Provide verbal and written testing status updates Work with Developers to ensure defects are fixed within the required timelines 3 years hands-on experience in software testing, ideally within an agile environment Experienced within the banking sector (Must have worked in Core Banking and or Corporate Banking) Experienced within Capital Markets is preferred Experienced within Cryptocurrency is ideal Must be proficient in reading, writing and speaking in English Must be able to work in a fast-paced environment, work under pressure, and meet tight deadlines Must have 3 years or more of experience in writing, modifying, integrating and testing software code Experience with SQL, ETL, JSON, API is ideal Must hold a Diploma or Degree in Computer Programming / Science 8 hour shift quality assurance: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID830:

ScrapedJobID831:
Working in a team setting to establish project scope, budget and schedule, and other project or client expectations Leading survey crews on projects; communicating scope and scheduling information to crew members Managing project budgets and financial reporting Managing various survey project types including statutory surveys including land development (subdivisions) and infrastructure, topographic, engineering and construction layout Liaising with both internal (McElhanney) and external Project Managers and clients Managing information flow from field to final deliverables Ensuring quality assurance procedures are carried out for proposals, field returns, drawings, legal plans, documents, and other deliverables Providing advice to clients on property and legal survey matters Other duties as required. Registered Land Surveyor in Training or eligibility to register Two-year technical diploma in Geomatics and previous experience in a similar role Proficiency in computer applications (MSCAD and GNSS processing software at minimum) Ability to travel out of town for periods of time Must possess and maintain a valid driver’s license and clean driving record Physical ability to work in mountainous/forested/coastal terrain and remote areas Good written and verbal communication skills, attention to detail, good attendance, sound judgment skills, and general computer knowledge. Great benefits, including extended health & dental coverage, healthcare spending account, & RRSP matching Maternity leave top-up and parental leave Competitive salary and participation in our generous Performance Bonus Plan Financial assistance with relocation if applicable A workplace culture that is characterized by respect and inclusion for all Continuous support for your professional development and growth Employee and Family assistance program, which offers 24/7 support for all employees and their families either online or over the phone 
ScrapedJobID832:
4 Years of experience with performance testing using various Performance Testing tools Able to assess Non Functional Requirements and create performance plan & strategy Able to work closely with the solution architect/software development team, gathering requirements and feedback Able to write or leverage scripts that have been written in PT tool (Loadrunner/JMeter) Experience with one or more Infrastructure as a Service cloud providers (AWS/Azure/Google Cloud). Positive attitude and a willingness to be flexible and learn new technologies Very strong communication skills quality assurance: 4 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID833:
Help develop the next generation of smart virtual orthodontic software Create test automation to perform functional, regression, performance and integration testing Design and implement automated tests for research and development software Modify and extend existing automation frameworks. + Set up, configure and maintain test automation frameworks. Create and support new frameworks as needed Implement / monitor regular test execution (new builds and regression), analyze the reports, follow-up, troubleshoot & investigate the failures on a daily basis Analyze functional and non-functional software requirements, work with manual SQA Engineers to identify automation needs Work closely with geographically distributed Automation team to follow new improvements, resolve issues, coordinate on process to deliver releases, enhance the overall processes. Research test tools, test methodologies and trends and upgrade existing practices and processes. Operate as part of a Scrum team focused on research and development Participate in sprint planning, demo and retrospective Work with development teams, biomechanical engineers and business owners, handle technical communications BS in CS or equivalent, master’s degree preferred, or equivalent years of experience 5+ years in Software Quality Assurance and development and/or test automation 3+ years Python programming experience related to QA test automation Hands on experience in creating API test framework and in API level testing Working experience with Agile methodology Experience with Software Development methodologies and best practices Familiarity with object oriented programming Experience testing HTTP, and Messaging systems preferred Experience in startup or research team is a plus Experience with 3D software testing is a plus Experience with the following tools is a plus: PyCharm, Visual Studio, Jira, Confluence, Bamboo, GIT, Jupiter notebook Experience with AWS management services is a plus Experience with testing Linux applications is a plus Experience of automation for 3D / Geometry-based software is a plus 
ScrapedJobID834:
Post-secondary 3-year Electrical Engineering Technology diploma or a related field Basic knowledge of codes and regulations governing electrical system design in Ontario Excellent computer skills in software programs commonly used in an engineering office environment, including AutoCAD and/or Microstation and Microsoft Office Strong interpersonal skills to ensure effective communication with team members Good project and time management skills to be able to handle multiple projects Bonus pay Overtime pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Profit sharing RRSP match Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday AutoCAD: 1 year (preferred) Electrical Engineering Technology diploma (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID835:
Comprendre et déterminer les règles et la logique d’affaires propres à chaque station de ski et assurer que les solutions technologiques développées répondent et soient constamment alignées aux besoins des clients Effectuer l’intégration de produits logiciels existants avec des APIs externes afin d’améliorer notre offre de services Collaborer avec l’équipe de front-end dans le cadre du développement des nouvelles fonctionnalités Contribuer au design et à l’architecture de la logique d’affaires ainsi que de la structure de données afin de permettre une optimisation de la performance et la possibilité d’améliorations futures Participer aux meetings scrum quotidiens, aux sprint reviews ainsi qu’aux rétros de sprint. Participer aux show & tell hebdomadaires afin de prendre connaissance du travail réalisé par tes paires, présenter ce que tu as réalisé et ainsi rester informé de l’avancement du produit Participer aux planifications de sprint à toutes les deux semaines T’assigner, à partir du backlog de sprint, tes futures tâches selon ton expertise & tes intérêts Accès à une rétroaction directe des clients Mettre en place et suivre des standards de développement Java (bonnes pratiques). Bien utiliser et gérer la dette technique (identification, documentation et résolution) Participer à la mise en place de stratégies afin d’augmenter la qualité et faciliter l’assurance de la qualité (tests automatisés, tests end-to-end, tests unitaires, etc..) Personne aimant mettre à profit son souci du détail Excellentes habiletés techniques et à l’aise avec un grand éventail de technologies Capable de gérer multiples dossiers à la fois Capacité de respecter les délais de livraison dans un contexte de multiples livrables Débrouillard et autonome Capable de travailler avec des collègues à distance Passionné de la montagne et/ou du plein-air Capable de comprendre la réalité et les besoins des stations de ski et des adeptes du ski/planche à neige Baccalauréat en informatique, génie informatique, génie logiciel, ou expérience équivalente Expérience en développement back-end en Java Spring Expérience de développement en micro-services Expérience en conception d’API REST et GraphQL Expérience avec la technologie Kafka Expérience avec ElasticSearch Expérience avec la base de données MongoDB Expérience avec les pipelines CI/CD Expérience dans l’industrie du ski, un atout Bonne capacité à lire, écrire et comprendre l’anglais Améliorer l’expérience numérique des skieurs via de nouvelles fonctionnalités sur les plateformes web et mobiles Améliorer l’efficacité des écoles de ski via une meilleure communication entre les gestionnaires, clients et instructeurs Définir des algorithmes de définition de prix des billets journaliers afin d’optimiser le revenu des stations de ski Augmenter les automatisations lors de l’achat de services offerts par les stations de ski afin de diminuer l’interaction entre l’employé et le client lors des transactions En raison du Covid, l’équipe Paradocs a dû rapidement aider les stations de ski dans leur gestion de capacité de skieurs autorisés sur la montagne via de nouvelles fonctionnalités e-commerces, IoT et la plateforme de gestion MtnOS. Un environnement jeune, dynamique, décontracté et flexible où vous pouvez vous amuser Une équipe soudée et épanouie de 20 employés passionnés par la technologie et le ski, où les gens y restent. Une forte culture d'entreprise où l’engagement, la rigueur, la loyauté et la passion pour les sports en montagne et le plein-air sont au coeur de celle-ci Une entreprise en pleine croissance Une ambiance conviviale et une grande proximité entre les membres de l’équipe - Family hub Sillonner dans un environnement hautement technologique avec des technologies de fines pointes (ex : Architecture en micro-services, Java Spring, MongoDB, Kafka, Rancher, Gitlab, Kubernetes, Balena, React Native, Angular, Electron) Salaire concurrentiel, promis! Assurance collective payée à 100% par l’employeur Télé-médecine avec Dialogue Horaire variable Accès à des passes de ski gratuites (ce qui est un avantage considérable pour les amateurs de ski ou de planche) Possibilités d'avancement L’emploi du masculin est utilisé à des fins d’alléger le texte Understand and determine the business rules and logic specific to each ski resort and ensure that the technological solutions developed meet and are constantly aligned with the real business of customers Perform integration of existing software products with external APIs to enhance our service offering Collaborate with the front-end team in the development of new features Contribute to the design and architecture of the business logic and data structure to enable performance optimization and future enhancements Participation in daily scrum meetings, sprint reviews and sprint retros Participate in the weekly show & tell in order to see the work done by your peers, present what you have done and stay informed of the progress of the product Participate in bi-weekly sprint planning Assign you, from the sprint backlog, your future tasks according to your expertise & interests Access to direct customer feedback Follow and implement Java development standards (best practices) Good use and management of technical debt (identification, documentation and resolution) Participate in the implementation of strategies to increase quality and facilitate quality assurance (automated tests, end-to-end tests, unit tests, etc.) A person who likes to pay attention to detail Excellent technical skills and comfortable with a wide range of technologies Ability to manage multiple files at once Ability to meet deadlines in a context of multiple deliverables Resourceful and self-directed Ability to work with remote colleagues Having a passion for mountains and/or the outdoors Ability to comprehend the realities and needs of ski areas and ski/snowboard enthusiasts Relevant training (e.g.: Bachelor's degree in computer science, computer engineering, software engineering, or equivalent experience) Experience in Back-End development in Java Spring Experience in microservices development Experience in REST and GraphQL API design Experience with Kafka technology Experience with ElasticSearch Experience with MongoDB database Experience with CI/CD pipelines Experience in the ski industry is an asset Good ability to read, write and understand English Showcase the digital experience for skiers through new features on web and mobile platforms. Enhance better communication between managers, clients and instructors thereby improving the efficiency of ski schools. Redefine a new component library for the MtnOS application. Create a unique and effective style within the MtnOS application. Due to Covid, the Paradocs team had to quickly assist ski resorts in their management of authorized skier capacity on the mountain via new e-commerce, IoT and MtnOS management platform features. A place where you can have fun due to its young, dynamic, relaxed and flexible environment. A close-knit and fulfilled team of 20 employees who are passionate about technology and skiing, where people stay. A strong corporate culture based on commitment, rigour, loyalty and passion for mountain sports and the outdoors. A growing company A close relationship between the team members and a warm atmosphere- Family hub. Work in a cutting-edge and a high technological environment (e.g.: microservices architecture, Java Spring, MongoDB, Kafka, Rancher, Gitlab, Kubernetes, Balena, React Native, Angular, Electron) Competitive salary, I promise! 100% employer-paid group insurance Telehealth with Dialogue Variable schedule Access to free ski passes (which is a great benefit to ski and snowboard enthusiasts) Career advancement opportunities 
ScrapedJobID836:
Updating the GIS electrical maps by reviewing project instructions and "As Built" drawings. Performing commercial, industrial and residential electrical service design in GIS. Performing field data collection upon construction project completion to ensure the GIS data integrity. Survey and GPS data collection to assisting site planning with engineering staff. Producing cartographic and analytic maps as required. Assisting with annual asset inspection process with data quality control and updating inspection results in the GIS system. Three-year Electrical Technologist Diploma. Certified Engineering Technologist (C.E.T) certification is required. Minimum of one (1) year experience working with G.I.S., data and records management in an engineering environment. Previous work experience in an electric utility is an asset. Valid class G license. Knowledge of computer terminology, GIS systems and mapping. Requires a working knowledge of relevant MS Office software. 
ScrapedJobID837:
Casual dress Dental care Extended health care On-site parking Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Quality Assurance: 3 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID838:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements. Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions. Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management, and service delivery. Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware 
ScrapedJobID839:
Define, listen and contribute to design discussions and make detailed notes and documenting requirements and technical design. Perform quality assurance by doing peer review, ensuring coding standards are followed, looking for logic errors and other bugs. Analyze call stacks, trace files, performance data to troubleshoot and identify the root cause of bugs. Participate in development of prototypes and proofs of concept. Write quality, in-depth software in a variety of programming languages and environments. Provide assistance to our support staff and resellers from a technical perspective. This may be in the form of on-call or ad-hoc questions relating to how certain features work or verifying the behaviour by reviewing code. Research new language features, frameworks and other relevant technologies and offer recommendations. Assist in defining best practices to be used in the team. 5+ years of demonstrated experience of coding at a high competency, enterprise level with low tolerance to error. Solid understanding of object-orientated or functional programming in C#, Java, or Python. Knowledge of front-end languages and libraries (e.g. HTML/CSS, JavaScript, XML, ES6, jQuery) and JavaScript frameworks(e.g. Angular, React, Node.js, Vue.js) and experience with UI/UX designers. Experience with SQL database design, optimization and writing queries. Working knowledge of web services including REST and MVC. Working knowledge with Git and Jira is preferred. Knowledge of Docker required, Kubernetes is preferred. Working knowledge of Cloud computing experience with GC, AWS, or Azure is essential. Bachelor of Computer Science, Electrical/Software Engineering or other related degree. 
ScrapedJobID840:
Assist with installation of laboratory equipment and test fixtures Conduct high current lab tests on safety equipment (PPE) and electrical apparatus (e.g. switches, breakers, transformers, etc.) Perform routine electrical tests, investigations, and technical studies for customers in one or more disciplines such as mechanical, electrical, chemical, non-destructive evaluation, and material science. Perform sample preparations, job safety analysis, custom test setup, and execute tests. Adhere to Kinectrics quality assurance protocol. Participate in the analysis of test results and data by use of standard software packages Write reports of a predominantly routine nature; complete data log sheets Ensure customer satisfaction by following good quality and safety practices in all aspects of the work performed. Perform shipping, receiving, calibration, housekeeping, inventory control, and maintenance Perform clerical duties, such as word processing, maintaining filing and record systems Perform other duties as required. Completion of High School plus additional specialized courses related to Electrical Technology Diploma at the community college level or equivalent in the area of electrical technology/engineering. Graduate of three-year Electrical Technology Diploma at the community college level is preferred. A period of at least 1 year experience in a high current lab is required. A period of up to 5 years of relevant industrial experience in a power utility or service company is required. Minimum 4 years of advanced education may be considered towards fulfilling this requirement. Requires knowledge of electrical theory and testing standards to understand the requirements for electrical testing of transmission and distribution components. Requires some knowledge of high current and high voltage test requirements. Requires experience with mechanical and electrical testing practices, procedures and safety standards; or equivalent advanced education in related field such as electrical engineering technology is required. Experience working in accordance with ISO 9001 and ISO 17025. Ability to utilize computer software programs for data management, such as Microsoft Excel, and some programming skills Familiarity with data acquisition systems is a must, and the requirements for performing precision measurements. Basic understanding of continuous improvement techniques; experience with workplace organization. Motor vehicle skill: holding a valid driver’s license that allows for operating motor vehicles independently; forklift license is preferred. Craning and rigging experience: ability to operate lifting devices (e.g. scissor lift, work platforms) Requires experience in solving problems where solutions require considerable investigation to resolve and often require integration of technical fields. Ability to exercise judgment and resourcefulness in resolving technical problems Physically fit: ability to move/lift/rearrange heavy items up to 50 lb; standing for extended period, crouching, kneeling etc. General experience operating hand tools, drill press, saw, grinder, hydraulic pumps etc. General understanding of electrical power utility components and related tests Ability to work effectively both alone and in teams Must be self-motivated, and have strong prioritizing and time management skills; have demonstrated the initiative and ability to make positive contribution to project team Ability to travel and flexibility to meet tight deadlines Strong written (technical and non-technical) and verbal communication skills Strong customer service orientation 
ScrapedJobID841:
Implement applications and merge related data Create seamless content management systems Build websites that dazzle both the client and the end user Create mobile solutions and apps Continuously improve application architecture Graduate of or enrolled within a university computer science program 1-2 years professional development, work placements or related industry experience Development in Drupal 6.x and Drupal 7.x; custom themes and views creation Excellent CSS3 skills to customize existing themes or create new themes Proven experience in web development: PHP, CSS3, HTML5, JS, and AJAX Working knowledge of graphic design tools such as Photoshop for integration Proficient in cross browser testing and development using all current browsers Strong educational background in software development Knowledge of MySQL an asset Mobile smartphone development experience (iPhone, Blackberry, and/or Android devices) Experience with Subversion and/or Git Setting up and running LAMP and IIS servers Excellent organizational skills and working knowledge of standard office software suites Knowledge of project management and software development life cycles Understanding of quality assurance, testing & development protocols Excellent interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills Ability to work independently and effectively as part of a team Detail oriented, ensuring accuracy of information, objectivity and advanced research capabilities Ability to work in a fast paced, demanding, challenging and multi-tasking environment Customer service oriented, creative problem solving skills A sense of humour and a positive energy 
ScrapedJobID842:
Own QA of our Regulatory Information management (RIM) application being built from the Toronto office Strategize and deliver on test methodologies and best practices that will get our applications into GA (General Release) on time and with quality Understand platform dependencies and application separation and be responsible for identifying risks and working with the appropriate product development owners to ensure critical and high-risk items are prevented prior to release Drive multi-team interaction and collaboration to meet product release readiness Define and own metrics and key performance indicators Lead a team of QA Managers and QA engineers, delivering quality applications Manage career paths and grow the QA team, meeting engineering goals Work with offshore/remote teams to enhance automation regression Be the thought leader in ensuring the QA team is up to speed on the latest tools, and technology that will help them successfully test Vault applications on time and with quality Work closely with Pleasanton QA leadership in defining common processes and testing tools that will help the overall QA org Work with cross-functional team members (dev and PMs) in getting code coverage numbers which will show an increase in automated regression coverage. Solid understanding of software development life cycle as well as expertise in quality assurance processes and methodologies Experience leading multi-function teams with at least 25 - 50 team members including Automation, and Quality Assurance Engineers Enough level of technical background to provide highly credible leadership to QA teams and to be able to evaluate complex project risks and issues accurately and objectively Ability to develop trusted relationships with cross-functional stakeholders to drive quality releases Able to jump in and get your hands into testing the application and understanding the application you own Prior experience in the pharma domain (regulatory preferred) testing software is a plus BA or BS or equivalent experience is required; MA or MS is a plus 10+ years of management and leadership experience, leading both technical and QA orgs Strong interpersonal skills including mentoring, coaching, collaborating, and team building Strong analytical, planning, and organizational skills with an ability to manage competing demands Proven ability to release web-based software products with quality and ensure objectives, goals, and commitments are met Innovate and contribute to the evolution of Quality Assurance best practices while successfully releasing quality applications to customers Excellent oral and written communications skills and experience interacting with both business and engineering individuals at all levels Solid understanding of agile Project Management tools such as Jira, Jenkins, automation frameworks using Selenium/Cucumber Experience with Java and Python 
ScrapedJobID843:
Co-develop user stories and refine requirements with product managers, designers, business team and other engineers. As necessary, coach product team members on how to create high quality development-ready stories that best achieve the team’s goals. Determine feasibility of proposed solutions by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, existing environment, and proposed solutions. Help product management prioritize and sequence stories for development, providing development estimates and other inputs as needed. Help business team members understand technical constraints and possibilities, and explore creative alternatives for achieving business goals. Collaborate with other engineers to produce and evolve software architecture that is fit for purpose. Write clean, efficient, secure, maintainable, and testable code. Conform to team coding conventions, and help the team evolve better coding conventions. Contribute to all areas of software products, building competency over time as needed in the different technologies within the software stack. Draw on your front-end experience to foster best practices. Document solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code. Test your work using a combination of manual and automated approaches, biased towards automation. Work with and help other engineers to achieve Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment for the products you contribute to. Provide tactful, helpful feedback, and gracefully request and receive feedback from others (e.g. reviews of your own work). Support production software by implementing improvements as needed, and by ensuring that software is secure, available, maintainable and performant. Improve operations by monitoring production software alerts, conducting systems analysis, and recommending changes in policies, procedures, and system architecture. Participate in the definition and evolution of the Software Engineering job discipline and related best practices across MaRS Update your own job knowledge by studying state-of-the-art development tools, programming techniques, and computing equipment, participating in educational opportunities, reading professional publications, maintaining personal networks, and participating in professional organizations. Support and develop other software engineers by providing advice, coaching and educational opportunities. Assist in establishing and promoting engineering guidelines, best practices and standards. Assist in establishing and promoting UX design guidelines, best practices and standards. Undergraduate university degree or equivalent 5+ years of experience as a software engineer in the technology industry, with demonstrated progression of responsibilities Proven record of successfully designing, building and operating business or consumer software products, internal tools, and/or creative platforms Experience leading cross-functional teams through influential leadership Deep understanding of software development process, quality assurance, system architecture, and software operations Deep understanding of modern web application technologies Excellent organizational skills Excellent communication skills Confidence talking directly with co-workers and leading projects by working autonomously and presenting high level findings & direction Familiarity with AWS application services Fluency in a modern JavaScript application framework such as Svelte, Vue, React. Ability to inspire, motivate, and lead engineers, designers, data scientists and others Learn-fast mindset A desire to build great products and learn leading edge technologies 
ScrapedJobID844:
Consulting firm Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Criminal record check Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID845:
Lead our QA team, with skills in manual testing and software test automation while cultivating team members’ growth through feedback, coaching and career development. Provide technical guidance and direction while overseeing the delivery of commitments across all team members Implement strategies to improve efficiency, accelerate time to release, improve software quality, and reduce defect occurrences Establish consistent methods for assessing and communicating product quality Collaborate with development teams to drive automation, enable the testing of new features, and to ensure proper test coverage and approach Creating and managing estimates, test strategy, planning, scheduling, resource allocation and expenses to meet the targets Coordinate with the product, engineering, and design teams to meet key objectives, and advocate for quality Lead the hiring, onboarding and training of the quality assurance team A computer science degree or equivalent experience. Strong experience with Appium & Selenium, as well as manual testing experience 3+ years managing teams Ability to design automation frameworks for different applications Experience in supporting release management A strong working knowledge of SDLC - Agile and Scrum Thorough understanding and experience with the Testing Pyramid and how to put it into practice Strong leadership skills with a commitment to continuous improvement and professional development A strong belief in the Shift Left philosophy and experience in implementation A proven ability to motivate and lead a team to meet tight deadlines 
ScrapedJobID846:
Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable C++/C# code according to best practices and standard procedures Provide time estimates for feature delivery Diagnose and fix defects identified by Game Integration Testers and Quality Assurance Help maintain code quality and organization Clearly and regularly communicate with team lead, management, and technical support colleagues Perform peer code reviews Mentoring more junior colleagues Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field, college diploma in software development, or equivalent experience 5+ years of software development experience Strong proficiency in C++/C#, Windows Good understanding of Object-Oriented Programming principles and concepts Must be able to pass a security investigation Able to work on assigned tasks with minimal supervision Flexible and willing to accept changes in priorities as necessary Game engine experience such as Unity is considered an asset Experience with Shaders, 3D, physics, and OpenGL is considered an asset Game development experience is considered an asset Experience with source control software (svn, git, Perforce) considered an asset Experience with development tools, such as Visual Studio and JIRA, is considered an asset Familiarity with continuous integration Building collaborative relationships Decision making Drive results Foster innovation Personal energy Self-leadership 
ScrapedJobID847:
Analyze business and technical requirements to identify opportunities to reuse existing technology or develop realistic new software solutions. Develop, enhance and support core business Angular 10/12 applications and API’s for a project. Creation and improvements of solution implementation and deployment documents and scripts. Diagnose and troubleshoot problems with existing applications and restore normal operations in a timely and accurate fashion. Participate in software architectural changes, solution design and technical specifications Under the guidance of senior staff, design, develop, test, and implement new software solutions as well as enhancements to existing ones. Collaborate with ONE ID application team, business analysts, architects, quality assurance and system owners in the testing (unit, system and integration) of newly developed software applications. Work with internal IT groups, vendors and other third parties to define/design information technology solutions to business problems Adhere to Ontario Health processes, security and privacy. Perform Rotational On-call duties. Provide application Tier 3 support (24x7x365) Occasionally, working outside of normal business hours, and on weekends, is necessary to accommodate system implementations, maintenance, and responses to outages Maintain test environments for development and quality assurance Implement software patches to ensure software is current and supported by the vendor (if required) Undergraduate degree in computer science or computer/electrical engineering or equivalent from a recognized institution At least 5+ solid years of experience in software development using Angular 8+ and Java Experience with Single Sign On (SSO), SAML or OpenID Connect/OAuth 2.0 3+ years is highly desired 3+ years of Docker container development and deployment is desired Experience with continuous integration and delivery (CI/CD) practices Experience in creating application and solution artifacts such as technical requirement and design documents. Strong communication skills, to liaise between internal technical and external client business teams Team player with track record of meeting strict deadlines Knowledge of application development using current continuous integration and continuous deployment tools It would be an asset to have DEVOPS knowledge and experience Strong analytical and innovative problem-solving skills Proven experience of User Interface (UI) web development using Angular Experience in building and deploying Angular web based applications and application integration using API’s Experience in API development Knowledge of Node.JS software development is an asset Experience with scripting and testing tools Knowledge of authentication technologies such as SAML, SSO, Secure Token Service, SSO Federation, OpenID Connect or OAuth is an asset Good understanding of Linux systems and IP networking Ability to troubleshoot and resolve a multi-platform deployment issues Understand how public key infrastructure (PKI) is an asset Process oriented with good analytical skills and sound judgment Proven ability in working with matrix organizations and conflicting priorities and multiple tasks Commitment to client delivery and satisfaction 
ScrapedJobID848:
Overtime pay 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID849:
Apply Agile Methodology (preferred) in the product functionality design and development. Perform efficient program coding and reviews as a developer. Develop testing scripts and perform unit and integrated tests in accordance with system and program specifications. Ensure Quality Assurance is followed throughout the design and development lifecycle. Ensure adherence to the best practices in design and development; these include but not limited to Systems Design Principles, Coding Standards; Unit and Integrated Tests Standards. Develop and maintain updated and high level system and program documents for internal and external references. Research, study, learn and embrace new technologies in the ever- evolving and progressing IT fields. Be able to work and coordinate with external business partners in resolving products issues involving multi-vendors and multi-phrases projects. Be able to coach and train junior programmers as opportunity arises. 5 years of experience in combined Java and C/C++, and Assembly. Be able to support software development for multiple platforms, including Windows, OS X, Linux, embedded and web applications with a strong emphasis on the Internet of Things. Working experience with POS (Point-of-Sale) system and IoT(Internet-of-Things) Strong experience in firmware and software developments for embedded systems Good background with UI and Core Architectural Design patterns In-depth knowledge of computer hardware, BIOS, Linux, Ethernet and system design. Familiar with Linux OS / Kernel / driver programming and debugging tools. Excellent analytical, problem-solving skills, with strong attention to details. Solid experience in writing unit and integrated test scripts and testing models. Actively participate in design discussions and suggest improvements. Self-starter and be able of working on projects independently but at the same time a good team player in collaborated projects. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills. Knowledge of hardware, digital circuit and wireless technologies are preferred assets. Familiarity with instruments scope, LCR metter, network analyzer, 3G/4G RF measurement tools, spectrum analyzer are preferred assets. Knowledge of Android and MAC IOS operating systems are assets. Degree or higher Diploma in Computer Science, Electrical/Electronic Engineering or a related field. 
ScrapedJobID850:
Applicants must show evidence of managing and being accountable for a budget, including responsibility for sound financial planning, forecasting and reporting. 
ScrapedJobID851:
Establish and evolve formal QA processes, ensuring that the team is using industry-accepted best practices. Oversee all aspects of quality assurance including establishing metrics, applying industry best practices, and developing new tools and processes to ensure quality goals are met. Act as key point of contact for all QA aspects of releases, providing QA services and coordinating QA resources internally and externally. Lead and mentor QA team members, as well as manage outside contract testers. Work with Scrum team to define the project's testing methodology and manage the test execution for small to large sized projects. Responsible for developing and executing the following: test strategy, test estimation, project planning and identifying test goal as per sprint, test scenarios / user stories / test cases, test data strategy, defect tracking, test coverage (traceability matrix), status report / dashboard metrics, test summary completion report. Work collaboratively with test teams composed of staff drawn from various IT, business units and 3rd party resource providers. Maintain the facilitator role for the testing team; keep team focus on tasks at hand and clear roadblocks. Lead and monitor the testing execution for each sprint (Agile). Prioritize testing tasks, scenarios and test cases and track and report on testing activities. 5 + years Digital QA experience (web and mobile) 3 + years of Agile / Scrum experience 2+ years of experience with test automation tools (TestComplete, HP QuickTest Professional or UFT, Selenium, other) Experience with automation testing and scripting Experience working in a fast-paced agile environment with weekly releases Excellent communication (Oral & written) and documentation skills along with good organizational abilities Knowledge of SQL Server, IIS Good debugging and problem solving skills Excellent troubleshooting Ability to multi-task and prioritize Ability to work effectively in a team environment University degree or college diploma in computer science or related discipline is desired Experience with source control platforms (Subversion, Helix, Git, etc.) Strong communication skills including verbal, written and listening Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Quality Assurance: 3 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID852:
Complete verification audits on airworthiness documentation Reviews work packages for completeness and compliance Participates in airworthiness compliance reviews Reports identified non-conformances for resolution Supports divisional teams in the application of the defined quality program Ensures all relevant documentation is current and compliant based on ongoing project and production requirements Reviews procedures and metrics that impact quality and makes recommendations for improvement Other duties as assigned Holder of a valid Transport Canada AME license is required. Equivalent level of related maintenance or flight operational experience will be considered. Knowledge of AS9110 C is considered an asset Knowledgeable regarding the Canadian Aviation regulations and Maintenance Control Manual are required Must possess proven problem solving skills Technical knowledge of aircraft types operated and maintained by the company Able to communicate effectively Quality assurance background including audit experience considered an asset. 
ScrapedJobID853:

ScrapedJobID854:
CSS, HTML5 and JavaScript Net Environment (ASP.NET MVC) jQuery, LESS/SASS, Bootstrap, AJAX and RWD Front-End Debugging Tools (ex. Chrome) Git, JIRA, Confluence and Slack Create, integrate and maintain responsive design Collaborate in an Agile environment along with a dynamic team composed of software developers, architects, product managers and quality assurance specialists Innovate and optimize Web structure to maximize reuse and facilitate maintenance Ensure the trusty performance of our sites on all platforms: mobile, Web and tablet Configure and test the display of each site on multiple platform screens (responsive design) ensuring its compatibility with different Web browsers Optimize and improve website user experience (UX) Recommend and apply best Web practices Technical or Collegial diploma pertaining to Web Development or Multimedia Integration 7-8 years’ experience in a similar position Excellent knowledge of French and English (spoken and written) Excellent knowledge of our technologies, especially CSS and HTML Excellent Knowledge of JavaScript Knowledge of Frameworks Javascript (Angular, VueJS) Strong interest for technology watch Critical spirit related to Visual Design Ability to communicate, write and synthesize information Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Strong sense of organization and prioritizing Basic knowledge of Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator applications Competitive compensation package Comprehensive employee benefits Career Development opportunities Flexible hours and collaborative working spaces Possibilities of international assignments 
ScrapedJobID855:
4 Years of experience with performance testing using various Performance Testing tools Able to assess Non Functional Requirements and create performance plan & strategy Able to work closely with the solution architect/software development team, gathering requirements and feedback Able to write or leverage scripts that have been written in PT tool (Loadrunner/JMeter) Experience with one or more Infrastructure as a Service cloud providers (AWS/Azure/Google Cloud). Positive attitude and a willingness to be flexible and learn new technologies Very strong communication skills quality assurance: 4 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID856:
Proficient in SQL – should be able to write complex SQL scripts to query data a s a mean to verify development outputs Experience working in a Business Intelligence area or in projects where data / reports was the primary output Act as a subject matter expert related to data i.e., test data management and/or data migration testing Proficient wtih Test data management including Data Discovery, Data Profiling, Gold Copy, Data Sub-setting, Data Masking, Synthetic Data Generation, Data Provisioning, Data Reservation and Data Virtualization Participate in implementing end-to-end Test Data Management (TDM) tools, strategies, and roadmaps Produce key reports and maintain metrics on all test-related activities Knowledge of, or experience in, Agile processes Understanding of testing methodologies, deliverables, and familiarization with the SDLC Experience of managing the testing workflow through the test management tool Work with JIRA for test management, defect management, test reporting, and other functions 5+ years of Software implementation experience preferably on transformation projects 3+ years of experience as Test data migration or Test data management role Knowledge of automation testing tools like Selenium and UFT Consulting experience will be a strong asset Experience working with Microsoft tools (MSSQL, Power BI, Power Apps, Power Automate) Experience working in a data warehouse environment Automation testing experience – Selenium Tool Continuous learning: You’ll develop the mindset and skills to navigate whatever comes next. Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way. Transformative leadership: We’ll give you the insights, coaching and confidence to be the leader the world needs. Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs. 
ScrapedJobID857:
5+ years QA automation experience involving web applications, mobile apps, and APIs Minimum of bachelor's degree in relevant fields (Computer Science, Engineering) Develop and maintain testing processes, enhance and improve testing processes, maintain test plans, manual and automated test scripts for user interface, functionality, system and exploratory testing Execute regression tests, functional tests and data tests Document quality assurance practices Report, track and determine priority of reported bugs C# Specflow Postman SQL Sumo Logic GIT Rest/SOAP Protocols OmniChannel domain expertise Experience with Atlassian products and integrations (Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket) Experience with Test Case Management tools (TestRail) 
ScrapedJobID858:
Provide Automation Studio™ planning and test management; Participate in the drafting and validation of software test books; Execute tests and manage test benches; Perform automated tests; Analyze results; Participate in writing the software documentation; Participate in the development of manufacturing catalogs and their verification and validation; Support the product team in different service projects dependent on Automation Studio™: training, technical support, presentation, demonstration; Participate in the evolution of the quality system of the company. Master Degree in mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, or equivalent; Strong motivation for software testing and for the quality assurance; At least 3 years of experience; Good knowledge of hydraulics, pneumatics or electrical engineering; Good knowledge of Microsoft Office tools; Excellent communication skills in both oral and written English; Knowledge of IEEE, ANSI, ISO standards is an asset; Good knowledge and experience in software development is an asset. 
ScrapedJobID859:
Analysis and design of processes from an automation approach Scripting and coding in RPA UiPath tool to resolve automation issues Configuring new automation with UiPath automation tool. Documenting the automation procedures. Designing process workflows; building, testing, and implementing RPA solutions, ensuring quality. Staging and deploying the automation solution into test and live environments and provide postproduction support. Collaboration with cross-functional project teams and other various internal departments and stakeholders (Quality Assurance, Product Management, Professional Services, etc.). Capture and transform information on documents using standard templates - create SDD, TDD and work with the developers. Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, MIS or related field Well-versed with software development life-cycle and development practices, technical aspects of RPA development. 2+ Years of experience in automation projects Passion for process optimization and continuous improvement A high level of motivation, strong work ethic and self-starting attitude Strong written and verbal communication, presentation, client service, and technical writing skills Strong Knowledge of programming languages, especially .Net, C# Fluency in English is a must. Certification in UiPath Competitive Salary Healthcare Benefit Package Career Growth No 
ScrapedJobID860:
Lead, coordinate and facilitate multiple business improvement projects related to: risk assessment and risk reduction, process efficiencies; service delivery effectiveness; work-load management; quality assurance; organizational performance management; tactical and strategic planning practices. Lead, coordinate and facilitate technology implementation projects that support business improvement projects to improve efficiency. Analyze current business practices and research best-practice business methodologies that will enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of the Department. Provide expert advice and consultation on the implementation and use of one or more business best-practice methods including: LEAN business process design, work centered analysis, statistical process control, performance management using KPI methodologies, and requisite leadership practices. Audit business system performance to ensure best-practice methodologies are being effectively utilized as per approved policy and defined business process. Research, analyze and develop reports related to operational performance or potential operational improvement by compiling information from multiple internal or external sources using advanced business intelligence, data extraction and statistical techniques. Develop documents required for acquisition and implementation of technology solutions; such as request for proposals, request for quotes, statement of work, and business specifications. Liaise with all divisions and sections within Growth and Infrastructure and throughout CGS; external partner agencies; vendors, service provider, and regulatory agencies. Coordinate resolution of issues related to technologies on behalf of the end-user by liaising with vendors, the Information Technology (IT) Department and technical support personnel. Support the Department’s benchmarking activities as directed. Contribute to the Department’s knowledge management initiative by providing detailed process documentation related to business processes, roles, responsibilities, and daily activities of the position. Develop and maintain a thorough working knowledge of CGS’s Safety Manual and the applicable Provincial Legislation listed therein. Perform other related duties as required. University degree in a related discipline from a recognized University with Canadian accreditation. Project Management Professional (PMP) certification and/or Six Sigma accreditation (Green Belt or higher) is considered an asset. Minimum of two and one half (2½) years to five (5) years of progressive experience related to one or more of: facilitation of business improvement initiatives, implementation of business best-practice methodologies, facilitation of quality improvement initiatives, and/or acting as project manager leading multidisciplinary teams Experience in a Municipal government setting is an asset. Excellent knowledge of business improvement methodologies and theories: such as SPC, LEAN, Six Sigma, Requisite Organization, Organizational Physiology, Change Management and Functional Work Analysis. Practical knowledge of project management methodologies and best-practices. Able to function independently. Able to manage concurrent complex projects with demanding schedules. Ability to identify and analyze business opportunities and recommend actions for improvement. Excellent critical thinking skills. Good time management skills. Well developed interpersonal skills, able to work with personnel from all levels of the organization. Travel to multiple work sites with the City is required. Demonstrate an intermediate ability related to computer software and administrative systems in a Windows environment (e.g. file maintenance, word processing, spreadsheet applications, information input and retrieval, etc.). Excellent use of English; verbally and in writing. French verbal and written communication skills considered an asset. Must be physically capable of operating a vehicle safely, possess a valid driver’s licence, have an acceptable driving record, and personal insurance coverage. 
ScrapedJobID861:
Own day-to-day fulfillment operations to deliver a delightful customer experience, you will be the glue between the sales, operations & delivery teams Lead and manage the delivery team with a goal of maximizing delivery specialist and truck utilization while minimizing delivery errors Improve and develop new processes to ensure our delivery fleet is well-maintained and compliant with local regulations Own delivery quality assurance and build systems to ensure delivery requirements are consistently met Be a customer service champion and liaise our operations team to address any post-delivery customer requirements without compromising Clutch's best-in-class customer experience 2+ years of experience in operations management Proven attention to detail and a process oriented mindset Familiarity with software/tech platforms used to manage/measure processes (e.g., Google Sheets, Airtable, Hubspot) Experience managing a team Experience in fleet management Mechanical aptitude Passion for cars or the automotive industry Autonomy & Ownership - create your own path, and own your work Competitive Salary and Equity Incentives! Generous Time Off Program Learning Budget - for whatever YOU want to learn Health & Dental Benefits 
ScrapedJobID862:
Overtime pay 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Overtime AEC / DEP or Skilled Trade Certificate (preferred) analytical laboratory: 2 years (required) No 
ScrapedJobID863:
Lead continuous improvement projects across organizations, driving intersection of processes Build and document new processes and manage process changes, which may include working with cross-functional teams to create process workflow diagrams in Visio and Stages process modelling tool Drive automation of process reporting (KPIs) Report using JIRA dashboards and apply the Agile methodology (story/defect burndown) Trend and report program progress to upper management and escalate as needed Perform lessons-learned at the end of project Engineering/Science bachelor’s degree (Successful candidates will be required to provide proof of degree completion for the highest level of education attained. If the degree was obtained from a school outside of Canada, an Education Credential Assessment report showing Canadian equivalency is also required.) 5+ years of experience in process quality including creation of process workflow diagrams and process documents Experience leading projects that span cross-functional / cross-organizational teams Experience in Agile Software Development methodology and software quality Lean Six Sigma certification (Black Belt or Green Belt) Experience in ASPICE preferred Project management certification an asset Tools: Stages, Polarion, JIRA, Confluence, GitHub Process-driven – Personal drive and passion for process quality. Motivation to work independently. Problem Solving – Ability to get to root cause, brainstorm solutions, prioritize, and select the best solution Communication – Excellent verbal communication to effectively collaborate with, and audit members of, other teams. Excellent written communication skills to document and communicate process changes and deliver management reports Attention to detail – Excellent attention to detail with ability to identify gaps/issues/errors Strong organization and multitasking – Tracking and prioritizing tasks for several projects, simultaneously, while coordinating with other people’s priorities and schedules while meeting strict deadlines Leadership – Ability to influence and collaborate with teams 
ScrapedJobID864:
Use your QA background to develop detailed test plans for our platform. Use your development background to create automated regression test suites. Participate in tool selection for planning and tracking. Perform load, stress, and performance tests. Create custom test tools/harnesses to test our back-end platform. Perform manual tests as required. Several years of QA experience with web applications. Experience with Selenium or similar test automation tool. Experience with python or similar server-side scripting language. Experience in a linux environment. A love of what you do and a positive, can-do attitude. An understanding that you're not just an engineer, you're a driving force for the success of the company. Startup experience is a huge plus Experience with large scale web services Load testing experience a plus. 
ScrapedJobID865:
Assist the QC Supervisor in providing direction, leadership, technical support, and overall drive for success to the Quality Control department Work with Production, Inside Sales, Supply Chain, Warehouse and Engineering to ensure effective coordination and operation of business processes Ensure compliance with QMS requirements Assist in prioritizing and scheduling the workflow of the Quality Control department. Assign and review work and provide instructions to QC Inspectors. Trains, Guides and mentors Inspection Staff on processes, procedures, and quality specifications Interface with other departments to ensure production schedules are achieved Ensure receiving inspections are completed in the time defined and assist in coordination of all documentation relevant to receiving inspection Perform Inspections of intricate parts (i.e., subsea, components, etc.) per relevant purchase order requirements, engineering approved drawings and Master Flo Valve's applicable standards and procedures. Record all non-conformance's and work in conjunction with Engineering to disposition them in a timely manner. Assist in managing calibration activities and associated record maintenance of inspection and testing gauges. Maintain a clean work environment and adhere to Safety requirements Perform other duties or responsibilities as determined, assigned, or assumed by the Quality Control Supervisor and Quality Assurance Manager. Related post-secondary education in Mechanical or Materials Engineering/Technology preferred, a combination of education and experience would be considered. Minimum 5 years of experience in Quality Control in Oilfield equipment manufacturing performing machine shop inspection, measuring tools calibration etc. Possess problem solving, decision making and leadership skills Working knowledge of machining, welding, casting, forging, NDE and other manufacturing processes is highly desired. Effective written and verbal communication skills Self-motivated, able to prioritize and possess strong organizational skills Ability to maintain deadlines and work in a fast-paced environment. Working knowledge of ISO/API quality systems will be an added advantage Familiarity with API specifications 6A and 17D would be an asset Intermediate skill level with Microsoft office software; SharePoint experience is an asset Ability to work independently and within a team environment Strong commitment to workplace safety 
ScrapedJobID866:
Virtualization Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Tight deadlines Cloud Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Pension Plan Benefits Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID867:
Excellent IT and communication skills Able to work on several projects simultaneously Able to create or review IT policies and technical documents Solid understanding of how-to best safeguard and protect not only infrastructure but also data Able to meet deadlines and manage stress effectively in high pressure situations Understanding of IT principles and ability to communicate technical concepts effectively to a varied audience Strong sense of discretion and confidentiality Post-secondary education in Information Technology, Computer Science or a related field 2+ years of IT support in a manufacturing organization 2+ years working with various software and hardware types Experience with backup software and troubleshooting Experience working on and supporting Microsoft suite of office products Experience with enterprise resource planning (ERP) software (SAP experience is an asset) Troubleshoot hardware and software issues in person, remotely or by phone. Support and troubleshoot issues with Avaya phone system. Review and resolve helpdesk requests. Set up computers and printers for employees. Document and maintain the IT inventory for all IT equipment at the location. Maintain network infrastructure ensuring user requirements and demands are being met. Assist with the installation of new hardware and software and provide technical support and training to employees on new or changed equipment/software. Prioritize and escalate issues as necessary to other IT staff. Install and maintain servers and switches with guidance from other IT staff. Monitor daily back-ups to ensure they are complete. Develop written technical standards, policies and procedures to ensure smooth integration of computer technology with, and in support of, other aspects of the organization’s operations. Salary – to commensurate with experience Benefits – active after probationary period Other perks – available as requirements are met Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Do you have post secondary education in I.T., Computer Science or in a related field? IT support in manufacturing environment: 2 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID868:
Analyze, document, and prioritize bug reports. Define, implement, and maintain a testing suite. Create and document test scenarios.
Test plan
Smoke tests
Landing tests
Functional tests
Regression tests Test plan Smoke tests Landing tests Functional tests Regression tests Participate in the project quality assurance and manual testing effort. Configure and prepare testing environments. Assist the quality assurance and development team to be more efficient. Participate to software releases. Apply software development processes and policies defined by the development management team. College diploma in software development or equivalent experience. Minimum 3 years of experience in quality assurance or software development. General knowledge of the software development cycle. Proficiency in agile methodology. Good knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel and Outlook. Knowledge of Robot Framework, Python, Appium, an asset. Knowledge of XML, Json, JavaScript, html, C# and SQL languages, an asset. Knowledge of Postman, REST APIs. Good command of written and spoken French and English. 
ScrapedJobID869:
Daily underground inspections and documentation of observations Development and/or execution of the QA/QC program for Ground Support Seismic system operation and deployment support Maintaining and interpreting instrumentation data Main Infrastructure/Travelway audits Input into short-range planning (primary ground support requirements, access options, intersection support, etc.) Integration into the engineering team as required to support site functions. Testing of new ground support products and development of Installation procedure. Assistance with development of the Ground Control Management Plan. Geotech or Mining technician diploma or higher 2-5 years engineering experience in a hard rock underground environment with at least 2 of those years in rock mechanics or ground control Previous experience in a mine atmosphere is high desirable Strong people skills and a desire and ability to work in a team environment Excellent communication skills (both oral and written) Must be a self-started and able to handle multiple tasks with minimal supervision Complete proficiency with Microsoft Office programs is required Other mining related software experience is an asset, Rocscience suite and Micro-Seismic related. Proficiency with Deswik 3Dmodelling software, Valid Driver's License and reliable transportation  
ScrapedJobID870:
Provide oversight of automation of repetitive or high volume manual test cases to increase testing efficiency and minimize test cycle durations. Support other automation specialists as automation tool’s system administrator. Create performance test scripts based on requirements Design/Develop automated test scripts based on complex manual tests to improve the productivity of the testing team. Design and develop automation framework for complex systems involving end to end business scenarios Devise and develop new innovative automation ideas on new initiatives developed using agile methodology Elicit requirements from the development, functional test and/or business teams want as input to the design, development, execution and maintenance of effective automation test scripts using Tricentis Tosca, MF UFT or an equivalent automation tool for the applications or systems under test. Build automations test strategies and test frameworks based on the planned scope. Create Performance testing scripts using MF Loadrunner based on non-functional requirements Maintain existing or newly built automation test scripts for ongoing changes and maintenance to applications under test. Manage the storage, scheduling and execution of automation test scripts including tracking any issues and defects within Tricentis qTest or Jira. Review results of the tests with various IS teams and clarify any observations. Make recommendations as required to improve the quality. Provide thought leadership on the use of Quality Assurance automation testing tools and processes to ensure CP delivers the highest possible quality software aligned with IT industry best practices. Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or in Commerce/Business Administration or equivalent; Certification in Software Quality (American Society for Quality - Certified Software Quality Engineer) or equivalent experience; Minimum 5 years’ experience across a broad base of IT disciplines including software development, software design, software architecture and/or software testing for legacy, web and SAP environments; Minimum 5 years’ experience in IT quality assurance and / or quality control activities for major initiatives; Minimum 5 years of experience on automation tools like Tricentis Tosca, MF UFT; Minimum 5 years of experience on MF Loadrunner or Performance Center; Certification in one of the following disciplines:
CSQE - Certified Software Quality Engineer;
CSTE - Certified Software Tester;
ISTQB Advanced - International Software Tester Qualifications Board; CSQE - Certified Software Quality Engineer; CSTE - Certified Software Tester; ISTQB Advanced - International Software Tester Qualifications Board; Experience with and effective use of test management tools such as Tricentis qTest or MF ALM, test automation tools such as Tricentis Tosca, MF UFT, Postman and Performance testing tool such as MF Loadrunner is a must; Specific experience in the following:
Ability to devise automation and performance test approach/strategies;
Strong ability to gather automation requirements working with various groups such as BA’s and developers;
Design, Build and Execute automation scripts using Tosca or UFT against Legacy, Web, Cloud and SAP applications;
Ability to provide recommendations based on test results;
Strong awareness of industry software test automation standards;
Ability to implement change and best practices successfully;
Professional presentation and demeanor as well as excellent customer liaison skills;
Communication and influencing ability at manager and working levels;
Ability to coach and mentor team members on automation fundamentals;
Ability to work independently as well as collaboratively with customers;
Ability to learn new tools & technologies quickly;
Keen attention to detail;
Ability to coach and mentor team members on automation fundamentals. Ability to devise automation and performance test approach/strategies; Strong ability to gather automation requirements working with various groups such as BA’s and developers; Design, Build and Execute automation scripts using Tosca or UFT against Legacy, Web, Cloud and SAP applications; Ability to provide recommendations based on test results; Strong awareness of industry software test automation standards; Ability to implement change and best practices successfully; Professional presentation and demeanor as well as excellent customer liaison skills; Communication and influencing ability at manager and working levels; Ability to coach and mentor team members on automation fundamentals; Ability to work independently as well as collaboratively with customers; Ability to learn new tools & technologies quickly; Keen attention to detail; Ability to coach and mentor team members on automation fundamentals. Flexible and competitive benefits package Competitive company pension plan Employee Share Purchase Plan Performance Incentive Program Annual Fitness Subsidy Criminal history check Reference check 
ScrapedJobID871:
Work with QA Lead to develop, create, implement and maintain automated testing solutions for various teams. Utilize in-house and 3rd party tools to maximize test coverage. Be hands-on, tackling our engineering goals head-on through the implementation of high quality, well-structured and documented code Collaborate closely with your QA Manager, QA Lead and Producer team to provide improvements to our processes, workflows and tools Provide detailed reports on test results to the QA Manager, QA Lead, and Producer. Develop, maintain and execute test cases, test session charters and perform thorough exploratory testing. Reproduce and accurately report on any bugs encountered in our products. Reverse engineer potential cheats and game exploits, and work with the Software Engineering teams to resolve any issues. Monitor, assess and report on product quality. Provide input on ways to improve the quality of our games and internal tools. Track and update your assigned tasks daily in our project management software, Jira. Champion the end user, and work with the design, community and development teams to improve the player experience. Work closely with the engineers and the software to find technical problems and solutions within the game/product. BS in Computer Science, or related field, or equivalent work experience 3+ years of QA Testing experience. A minimum of 3 years building high quality production software systems Experience working with test automation, and automation tools such as Selenium, Appium, AltUnityTester, Pycharm or similar products. Production level knowledge of C# and Unity is essential Experience using mobile test tools such as Firebase, Appurify, or Adobe Scout. Experience working with proxy debug tools such as Fiddler or Charles. Strong understanding of coding principles as well as programming or scripting knowledge and experience. Experience working with cloud services like AWS and GCP. Experience working with agile development methodologies. Excellent understanding of quality assurance and software development concepts. Experience working in a mobile environment and/or web environment. Excellent writing, verbal communication, & task management skills. Strategic time management skills and a commitment to executing tasks to completion Mobile, F2P, or idle game experience is a HUGE plus! A passion for social & mobile games of all kinds, and experience in online game communities a huge plus! 
ScrapedJobID872:
Contribute to website development, testing, documentation, and ongoing maintenance. Code websites (both frontend and backend) working primarily with WordPress, custom dashboards, and marketing API integrations to meet client digital marketing needs. Write clean and efficient code for the design and modification of websites from layout to function, featuring user-friendly design and clear navigation. Develop WordPress themes, plugins and integrate marketing tools to enhance clients’ end-to-end online experience. Customize out-of-the-box plugins and themes Build software applications that improve client and firm reach, results, and reporting. Implement WordPress security best practices and tools. Quality assurance testing and debugging across common browsers and devices (including UX testing). Front end design experience within Adobe CC, you’re able to convert XD and Photoshop files into pixel-perfect WordPress themes. Ensure digital functionality, security, and software updates are consistently in good standing. Manage and monitor basic SEO and site speed optimization. Collaboration with the digital team to launch campaigns and implement appropriate tracking to measure campaign success. Generate ideas with creative and digital teams and offer insightful solutions. Manage multiple projects and ensure milestones and project deadlines are met. Provide clients and the team with exceptional experiences. Post-secondary education in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Systems, or similar area of study. Two years of professional web development experience with HTML, CSS, PHP, MySQL, Javascript / jQuery, Advanced Custom Fields). Two years of experience using web content management systems (CMS) platforms such as WordPress. Experience working in a consultative client-focused environment (agency or in-house agency model preferred). Experience building responsive, end-to-end websites and landing pages. Working knowledge of Google Analytics/ Google Tag Manager and Google Search Console. Strong organizational and multitasking skills; must be confident working in a fast-paced and high-pressure environment with multiple tasks, priorities, and deadlines. Natural problem-solving ability, paired with a proactive mindset and an energetic attitude. Unlimited paid vacation. No, it is not a typo. Yes, we really mean it. Work-life balance. We take care of the work, ourselves, and each other. Flexibility for remote work. Our office is where the magic happens, but sometimes you just need some focused time. Employer-paid benefits. Generous ones, too. Want to expense a concert ticket? Go wild. Growth-oriented. In the business and your career. Let’s help each other do great things. Training and mentorship. Grow into the career you are passionate about and learn from the best. Diverse Team. We’re very into being ourselves and want you to be yourself. How could any of us be anybody else? Casual dress Company events Employee assistance program Extended health care Paid time off Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Wordpress CMS: 2 years (required) Adobe XD: 1 year (required) Responsive Web Development: 2 years (required) marketing agency: 2 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID873:
Design, code and unit test web, software applications and widgets to create software solutions for direct use by our customers or internally as part of backend solutions Provide support documentation including release notes, design notes and instructions to support the release and maintenance of software solutions Participate in solution integration testing, quality assurance, debugging and root cause analysis Contribute and receive feedback during the software development life-cycle to improve products and platform, working closely with UX, product management and software architects This role is full stack, but the larger focus is in front end development A post-secondary degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or other related technical disciplines 8+ years experience building back end and full stack web applications is needed Proficiency with .NET Core, ASP.NET Web API, .NET MVC and C# is critical Experience with Entity Framework is needed Experience building and integrating with RESTful API’s is needed Experience with PaaS on Azure is an asset Experience with HTML / CSS / SASS and Javascript is needed Experience in a mature engineering organization building packaged software Experience with DevOps, CI/CD Pipelines Experience with Issue & Project Tracking Software (e.g. DevOps, Jira, etc.) Experience with modern SPA frameworks (either React or Angular) and TypeScript Experience with accessibility, web application performance testing Experience working within Agile development teams Experience with Git New product design and implementation skills including task management, prioritization while working in an Agile environment Skills in the software development life-cycle and quality engineering Ability to create user friendly, customer centric solutions that are scalable, reliable and extensible Strong problem solving, debugging, design and trouble shooting skills essential in complex multi-variable, multi-component system environments Proven ability in decision making and leadership A collaborator: working with multiple teams including UX design, customer success and DevOps with the primary day-to-day role working with other software development team members, quality assurance and product management Strong communication skills and ability to work across team/product-unit boundaries 
ScrapedJobID874:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Tight deadlines Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID875:
Define, listen and contribute to design discussions and make detailed notes and documenting requirements and technical design. Perform quality assurance by doing peer review, ensuring coding standards are followed, looking for logic errors and other bugs. Analyze call stacks, trace files, performance data to troubleshoot and identify the root cause of bugs. Participate in development of prototypes and proofs of concept. Write quality, in-depth software in a variety of programming languages and environments. Provide assistance to our support staff and resellers from a technical perspective. This may be in the form of on-call or ad-hoc questions relating to how certain features work or verifying the behaviour by reviewing code. Research new language features, frameworks and other relevant technologies and offer recommendations. Assist in defining best practices to be used in the team. 5+ years of demonstrated experience of coding at a high competency, enterprise level with low tolerance to error. Solid understanding of object-orientated or functional programming in C#, Java, or Python. Knowledge of front-end languages and libraries (e.g. HTML/CSS, JavaScript, XML, ES6, jQuery) and JavaScript frameworks(e.g. Angular, React, Node.js, Vue.js) and experience with UI/UX designers. Experience with SQL database design, optimization and writing queries. Working knowledge of web services including REST and MVC. Working knowledge with Git and Jira is preferred. Knowledge of Docker required, Kubernetes is preferred. Working knowledge of Cloud computing experience with GC, AWS, or Azure is essential. Bachelor of Computer Science, Electrical/Software Engineering or other related degree. 
ScrapedJobID876:
Develop performance management and productivity metrics Develop the Process Quality Index, Product Quality Index, the Customer Quality Index, and the Development Performance Index Develop statistical models for trending and predicting outcomes of various processes used in software development Develop top Critical to Quality (CTQ’s) and measurements with control plan and KPI tree Drive new/improved KPI’s and targets based on Voice of Customer / NPS / Social Media / software data analysis and past product experience Correlational data analysis and studies by feature/user interaction/vehicle/program Convey data in meaningful way to internal customers/stakeholders/upper management Create dashboards to observe/trend data outcomes Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science/Statistics/Mathematics or Engineering
(Successful candidates will be required to provide proof of degree completion for the highest level of education attained. If the degree was obtained from a school outside of Canada, an Education Credential Assessment report showing Canadian equivalency is also required.) 3+ years of experience in data analytics 1+ years Agile Software Development methodology and lifecycle as well as software quality preferred 1+ years in building performance management productivity metrics Experience using APIs to fetch data Basic SQL/MySQL At least one Object-Oriented Programming language, such as Python, R, Java, C/C+/C# Tools: Familiarity with Minitab, MATLAB, DataRobot, JIRA, Confluence Creativity – Possesses a creative spirit, that pushes experimentation, remains flexible and solves problems with a new, fresh perspective. Curiosity - An insatiable drive to discover actionable insights and big insights that fuels development of a strategy. Looks for the meaning—the “why”—behind the numbers. A strategic perspective – ability to have a big picture outlook and not get lost in the data Communication – Effective verbal and written communication skills distilling the data into something simple people believe in and understand. Statistical and technical expertise – deep understanding of tools, formulas, models 
ScrapedJobID877:
Responsible for the design, development, unit testing, systems testing, release, deployment and maintenance of custom built java web-applications to meet established client and system requirements. Work closely with clients, and cross-functional team members to understand business and technical requirements that drive the analysis and design of technical solutions. Provide client support and consultation for development, integration as well as advice in areas of expertise. Perform unit-level testing of system components and fix bugs. Develop and review supporting technical specifications, design and documentations to ensure completeness. Develop detailed design of application components, and write maintainable, high quality code in a timely fashion. Provide code maintenance and support across testing / validation cycles and post-production deployment. Participate in user training and demonstrations of the web application products on an as-needed basis. Support project estimating / planning processes. Ensure adherence to system development lifecycle standards. Identify functional and technical application enhancements based on client feedback, internal reviews and industry leading practices and help to prioritize, plan, and execute ongoing enhancements for the betterment of the system / product. Participate in the evaluation, implementation, and documentation of existing and new web-based business solutions. Contribute to the architectural design and development of a modern, strategic web-based application infrastructure. Support in special web development and IT initiatives, as needed: Web User Interface re-design and re-fresh, evaluation and upgrade of server operating systems, hardware, and software requirements, implementation of improved encryption standards for communications to and from secure server applications, optimize web security infrastructure for user authentication and authorization to controlled components. Adhere to software development process frameworks and tools (including change control, quality assurance procedures) using leading practices, design patterns, and methodologies. Perform database design, modeling, and database maintenance. Identify and implement security measures for internet applications infrastructure. Perform system validation requirements and procedures for web applications. M.Sc. in Computer Science, Mathematics or related fields. Eight or more years of experience in relevant field. Architecting re-usable and extendable web based solutions. Understanding and applying J2EE security, Concurrency, Transactions, Session Management, J2EE Patterns, and Frameworks to application solutions. Broad experience with various computing platforms (Unix and Windows). Experience with Architecture and Design patterns. Experience with component-based development. Requirements gathering and analysis. Software development frameworks and methodologies, including SDLC, Waterfall, and Agile delivery methods. 
ScrapedJobID878:
Examiner et analyser les besoins et exigences des projets ou des clients : requis du client, standards et normes législatives et locales; Examiner les ‘concepts de fonctionnement’ candidats, proposer les solutions et identifier les risques ou opportunités liés aux solutions proposées; Examiner et analyser les données techniques et les concepts opérationnels afin d’établir les exigences dérivées du système et sous-systèmes, préparer une architecture qui s'harmonise avec tous les domaines techniques pertinents des équipes d'ingénierie, des partenaires et fournisseurs; Préparer les documents et les plans conceptuels du système; Communiquer les exigences dérivées des composantes en collaboration avec les équipes spécialisées responsables de la réalisation; Voir à l’intégration, la certification et la qualification du système en étroite collaboration avec le client; Appliquer les processus d’ingénierie en place afin d’assurer la traçabilité des exigences et la qualité du système. Assurance Dentaire Assurance Maladie Complémentaire REER Collectif 8 Heures DEC (Souhaité) Oui 
ScrapedJobID879:
ETL development - Informatica PowerCenter and ICIS. Design and implement robust, highly disciplined, and maintainable ETL processes; develop data profiling, quality, and cleaning requirements. Serve as a data quality/cleansing consultant for functional analysts to help define, estimate, and propose solutions for functional data issues. Develop proof of concepts and prototypes to help illustrate approaches to technology and functional problems. Previous experience with Informatica PowerCenter is a MUST. A minimum of 8 years of experience, in-depth knowledge of applications and the business requirements supporting them, or the equivalent combination of education and experience. Demonstrated knowledge of ETL, Data Quality, Data Cleansing, and Extract-Transform-Load (ETL) concepts, principles, and tuning strategies; experience with SQL programming including advanced queries in multiple database technologies such as Oracle and SQL Server. Experience performing technical analysis, technical design, implementation planning, and delivery, and technical and end-user documentation. Practical experience with the delivery of large-scale enterprise-class ETLs and Data Quality best practices. Ability to work in a matrix team environment. Experience with ICIS is an asset 
ScrapedJobID880:
Work from home Monday to Friday SDK testing: 3 years (required) installing and testing native mobile apps: 5 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID881:
LocationVancouver, BCV5Z 2W6 Salary$32.50 / hour vacancies1 vacancy Terms of employmentPermanent employment, Full time 30 hours / week Start dateAs soon as possible Cover letter 
ScrapedJobID882:
Computer and Information Sciences, General Information Technology Computer and Information Sciences and Support Services, General, Other Computer Science Management Information Systems, General Oracle Certification Consulting firm Monitor for quality Analyze technical documents and reports Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Code information collected and enter data into databases Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems COBOL Groovy Oracle Java SQL Remote work available Medical Benefits Disability Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits Vision Care Benefits Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID883:
Co-develop user stories and refine requirements with product managers, designers, business team and other engineers. As necessary, coach product team members on how to create high quality development-ready stories that best achieve the team’s goals. Determine feasibility of proposed solutions by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, existing environment, and proposed solutions. Help product management prioritize and sequence stories for development, providing development estimates and other inputs as needed. Help business team members understand technical constraints and possibilities, and explore creative alternatives for achieving business goals. Collaborate with other engineers to produce and evolve software architecture that is fit for purpose. Write clean, efficient, secure, maintainable, and testable code. Conform to team coding conventions, and help the team evolve better coding conventions. Contribute to all areas of software products, building competency over time as needed in the different technologies within the software stack. Draw on your front-end experience to foster best practices. Document solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code. Test your work using a combination of manual and automated approaches, biased towards automation. Work with and help other engineers to achieve Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment for the products you contribute to. Provide tactful, helpful feedback, and gracefully request and receive feedback from others (e.g. reviews of your own work). Support production software by implementing improvements as needed, and by ensuring that software is secure, available, maintainable and performant. Improve operations by monitoring production software alerts, conducting systems analysis, and recommending changes in policies, procedures, and system architecture. Participate in the definition and evolution of the Software Engineering job discipline and related best practices across MaRS Update your own job knowledge by studying state-of-the-art development tools, programming techniques, and computing equipment, participating in educational opportunities, reading professional publications, maintaining personal networks, and participating in professional organizations. Support and develop other software engineers by providing advice, coaching and educational opportunities. Assist in establishing and promoting engineering guidelines, best practices and standards. Assist in establishing and promoting UX design guidelines, best practices and standards. Undergraduate university degree or equivalent 5+ years of experience as a software engineer in the technology industry, with demonstrated progression of responsibilities Proven record of successfully designing, building and operating business or consumer software products, internal tools, and/or creative platforms Experience leading cross-functional teams through influential leadership Deep understanding of software development process, quality assurance, system architecture, and software operations Deep understanding of modern web application technologies Excellent organizational skills Excellent communication skills Confidence talking directly with co-workers and leading projects by working autonomously and presenting high level findings & direction Familiarity with AWS application services Fluency in a modern JavaScript application framework such as Svelte, Vue, React. Ability to inspire, motivate, and lead engineers, designers, data scientists and others Learn-fast mindset A desire to build great products and learn leading edge technologies 
ScrapedJobID884:
Experience in programming with Python is essential. Pytest experience highly desireable. Four or more years experience in UNIX based systems. Understanding of unit test frameworks and writing unit tests is a must. Experience with designing, developing for and organizing automation tests is a must. Experience in TCP/IP networking is necessary. Experience with code versioning software (Git) and bug tracking software (JIRA). Highly skilled in Python development. Good communications skills including written and spoken fluency in English. Able to work independently but also enjoy working as an integral part of a small, fast-paced team. High attention to detail and demonstrated experience in software programming for testing and QA. Knowledge and/or hands-on experience with TCP/IP networking, QoS principals, firewalling and virtualization. Actively take part with the team building the next generation of automated test framework and tests for the XipOS based product line. Develop new tools and software components to enrich and improve the test framework. Assisting in documentation and information sharing procedures within the XipLink team. Assistance with appliance test and preparation if necessary. Contributing ideas for how to further enhance the XipLink product line and be prepared to adapt to new requirements and resulting tasks and responsibilities. 
ScrapedJobID885:
Review and understand product specifications and feature requirements Identify and create test plans and test strategies to ensure that translators can access and verify their translations in context during linguistic review Contribute to test automation efforts Assist in maintaining the translation team’s test methodology and test data setup Provide concise and accurate documentation of software defects and issues via bug-tracking software (JIRA) to product management, and application and tools engineering teams Support translators on use of translation tools Identify organizational and test data needed to support new functionality and new languages Acquire and maintain technical knowledge as well as product knowledge to offer support to translators Work with the technical translations team to identify issues with and enhancements to the translation tools Learn, if not already known, various translation tools Interact effectively with all stakeholders, including peers, translators, developers, product managers, and application QA team members Help pinpoint potential improvements to processes, or other aspects of our localization Clear and effective communication skills Minimum of 5+ years’ experience in the localization industry A degree in Translations or Computer Science, or equivalent work experience Functional knowledge of Human Capital Management (HCM) business applications a big plus. Experience scripting test automation. Flexibility to respond and react to changing priorities quickly and efficiently. Exceptional analytical, troubleshooting and problem-solving skills Understanding of software development life cycle Understanding of quality assurance methods and testing principles Experienced with software testing environments for web-based products and mobile applications Fluency in English and one other language A collaborative and enthusiastic personality Attitude and aptitude to be successful in a growing and rapidly changing company with new products and functionality continually emerging. Computer Software Human Resources Information Technology & Services Engineering Information Technology 
ScrapedJobID886:
You are expected to communicate and become actively involved in all areas of desktop support with your team members; therefore, the ability to communicate and articulate the day-to-day challenges effectively is an absolute requirement. Managing macOS, iOS, and Apple TV devices You will provide professional, well-mannered reliable support for all staff and students. You have advanced experience in PC/Mac imaging & deployment; must have a good understanding and workflow (QA) for creating stable images based on school curriculum. You will be responsible for troubleshooting and maintaining both hardware and software, working closely with your team members to help solve the day-to-day challenges. Strong cable management, inventory, and asset management experience is required. You will communicate effectively with employees from all departments on a regular basis to help establish processes, identify needs, and accommodate IT-related requests for all new term intakes. You will work with the System and Network Administrators as required. In-depth understanding of both Mac and Windows based operating systems. Experience with imaging/management software solutions Jamf Pro, Casper, Kace Excellent troubleshooting skills, both hardware and software. A diploma, degree, certificate in Information Technology or Computer Science. Minimum of three years of experience with Mac OS, MS Windows, MS Office, and hardware support. Solid interpersonal skills and the ability to adapt to different situations. Excellent written and oral communications as well as strong organizational and multitasking skills with an ability to work well as a team player. Ability to present a professional and positive image and maintain discretion and confidentiality. 
ScrapedJobID887:
Review and understand product specifications and feature requirements Identify and create test plans and test strategies to ensure that translators can access and verify their translations in context during linguistic review Contribute to test automation efforts Assist in maintaining the translation team’s test methodology and test data setup Provide concise and accurate documentation of software defects and issues via bug-tracking software (JIRA) to product management, and application and tools engineering teams Support translators on use of translation tools Identify organizational and test data needed to support new functionality and new languages Acquire and maintain technical knowledge as well as product knowledge to offer support to translators Work with the technical translations team to identify issues with and enhancements to the translation tools Learn, if not already known, various translation tools Interact effectively with all stakeholders, including peers, translators, developers, product managers, and application QA team members Help pinpoint potential improvements to processes, or other aspects of our localization Clear and effective communication skills Minimum of 5+ years’ experience in the localization industry A degree in Translations or Computer Science, or equivalent work experience Functional knowledge of Human Capital Management (HCM) business applications a big plus. Experience scripting test automation. Flexibility to respond and react to changing priorities quickly and efficiently. Exceptional analytical, troubleshooting and problem-solving skills Understanding of software development life cycle Understanding of quality assurance methods and testing principles Experienced with software testing environments for web-based products and mobile applications Fluency in English and one other language A collaborative and enthusiastic personality Attitude and aptitude to be successful in a growing and rapidly changing company with new products and functionality continually emerging. Computer Software Human Resources Information Technology & Services Engineering Information Technology 
ScrapedJobID888:
You are expected to communicate and become actively involved in all areas of desktop support with your team members; therefore, the ability to communicate and articulate the day-to-day challenges effectively is an absolute requirement. Managing macOS, iOS, and Apple TV devices You will provide professional, well-mannered reliable support for all staff and students. You have advanced experience in PC/Mac imaging & deployment; must have a good understanding and workflow (QA) for creating stable images based on school curriculum. You will be responsible for troubleshooting and maintaining both hardware and software, working closely with your team members to help solve the day-to-day challenges. Strong cable management, inventory, and asset management experience is required. You will communicate effectively with employees from all departments on a regular basis to help establish processes, identify needs, and accommodate IT-related requests for all new term intakes. You will work with the System and Network Administrators as required. In-depth understanding of both Mac and Windows based operating systems. Experience with imaging/management software solutions Jamf Pro, Casper, Kace Excellent troubleshooting skills, both hardware and software. A diploma, degree, certificate in Information Technology or Computer Science. Minimum of three years of experience with Mac OS, MS Windows, MS Office, and hardware support. Solid interpersonal skills and the ability to adapt to different situations. Excellent written and oral communications as well as strong organizational and multitasking skills with an ability to work well as a team player. Ability to present a professional and positive image and maintain discretion and confidentiality. 
ScrapedJobID889:
Administrator and monitor: Providing service support - Provide Level 2 technical solution support. Opening and following up on requests with 3rd party vendors. Execute highly technical changes, change windows, and client requests. Provide after-hours on-call support. Maintain current knowledge on industry issues/trends and competitive products. Maintain and expand working knowledge of current managed technologies. Improve technical understanding of all managed technologies. Communicate effectively orally and in writing and establish a cooperative working relationship with persons contacted while performing assigned duties. Experience leading or managing an operations team of technical support and engineering professionals, coordinating and scheduling coverage for operational hours, has strong communication skills, and proven experience with people management 5+ years of IAM experience. Preferably utilizing CyberArk/Alero and Saviynt Manage and support identity related issues and investigations. Close IAM related support tickets in alignment with agreed metrics. Lead CyberArk/Alero and IAM tool projects and programs through the IAM maturity roadmap. Working as part of the IAM team to gather business requirements, facilitate and run discovery workshops Analysis and Design to create IAM workflows and processes Provisioning of access for end-users based on exceptions not handled by the existing IAM automated workflows. Managing configuration of account design exceptions. Oversight and monitoring of user identity onboarding and offboarding Creating rules, policies, and recertification campaigns Documentation of functional requirements, process flows, and logical design Working closely with the project manager to meet expected timescales and quality Oversight of IAM technical engineers. Experience in working within the Identity and Access Management domain Experience designing Identity Lifecycle workflows Experience in leading technical integrations between CyberArk/Alero, IAM tools, and applications Experience with requirements gathering for onboarding applications Configuring dashboards and reports in IAM tools Creating and running access review campaigns. Very good customer service and communications skills. Technical understanding of Windows AD, LINUX, SQL Server, Azure, AWS, Google Cloud, O365, SAP, Intune, and Microsoft Authentication. After-hours and weekend work as necessary in support of a global organization. 
ScrapedJobID890:

ScrapedJobID891:
Keep up-to-date on Salesforce releases, technologies and best practices. Lead periodic platform health reviews with internal stakeholders and create a platform health roadmap. Lead a team of Salesforce Business Analysts and Administrators to build, test and deploy Salesforce solutions in an Agile sprint-based manner. Monitor, manage and own communications related to outages. Own the end-to-end process working with internal stakeholders and IT teams. Provide technical leadership to support Salesforce Administrators in troubleshooting, identifying root causes, providing implementation suggestions, and identifying repetitive tasks. Participate in data governance initiatives to drive consistent and proper handling of data inside the platform and across the business. Create and maintain documentation on processes, policies, application configuration, user guides and related materials. Collaborate, train, and develop guidelines and standards for team members to ensure knowledge sharing and consistency in best practices. Own the Salesforce support process including developing iterative improvements, to simplify, optimize, and automate processes. Evaluate Salesforce functionality and provide recommendations for process improvements. Consult with internal stakeholders to elicit business requirements, develop technical approaches, document process workflows, and make appropriate recommendations to drive operational efficiencies. Lead, project manage and execute initiatives with a laser focus on driving measurable results. Salesforce Certified Administrator and Advanced Admin strongly preferred. Experience managing reporting and dashboards for multiple cross-functional teams. Demonstrated proficiency in the use of data management tools such as Data Loader. Familiarity with standard business, service, sales, and finance processes. Knowledgeable in standard functions/ modules of Salesforce.com Lightning: Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Field Service Lightning and AppExchange/App cloud application integration. Experience with Docusign and Nintex for document generation through Salesforce workflows. Experience with Atlassian toolset (Jira, Confluence) for management of sprints and scrums. Extensive experience with Salesforce configuration, including workflows, objects, validation rules, security controls and process automation tools like Process Builder and Flow. Experience defining business requirements, writing user stories and providing detailed Salesforce system and functional designs. Expert level experience defining the system architecture landscape, identifying gaps between current and desired end-states and delivering a comprehensive solution that will enable achievement of the desired business outcomes. Experience in designing and developing software components and having a strong background in database design and system architecture. Experience integrating Salesforce with different business systems, as well as working with integration tools (ETL, marketing automation, reporting, etc.). Understanding of programming logic and constructs, specifically in Salesforce, Force.com, SOQL, triggers and their use in software development. 3+ year experience in Salesforce configuration and implementing CRM systems. Strong knowledge of CRM software quality assurance best practices and methodologies. Dynamic, flexible, focused, and enthusiastic approach, as well as the ability to work under pressure. Must possess a “can-do” attitude, be self-motivated, pro-active, and used to using your initiative. Proven troubleshooting skills including the ability to analyze and resolve difficult problems quickly with a keen attention to detail in a rapidly changing environment. Strong work ethic with a customer service focus. Proven ability to build, manage and foster a team-oriented environment with excellent leadership and management skills. Strong communication skills (written and oral) to collaborate with internal cross-functional teams. Strategic thinking with sales and service intelligence, a strong presence, and the ability to create, influence and drive customer vision. Demonstrated ability to translate business requirements into technology-based solutions. Must be a team player, who is self-motivated, organized and pays strict attention to details. Proven ability to manage projects, lead discovery and build cycles, and work in a collaborative team environment. 
ScrapedJobID892:
Comprendre et déterminer les règles et la logique d’affaires propres à chaque station de ski et assurer que les solutions technologiques développées répondent et soient constamment alignées aux besoins des clients Effectuer l’intégration de produits logiciels existants avec des APIs externes afin d’améliorer notre offre de services Collaborer avec l’équipe de front-end dans le cadre du développement des nouvelles fonctionnalités Contribuer au design et à l’architecture de la logique d’affaires ainsi que de la structure de données afin de permettre une optimisation de la performance et la possibilité d’améliorations futures Participer aux meetings scrum quotidiens, aux sprint reviews ainsi qu’aux rétros de sprint. Participer aux show & tell hebdomadaires afin de prendre connaissance du travail réalisé par tes paires, présenter ce que tu as réalisé et ainsi rester informé de l’avancement du produit Participer aux planifications de sprint à toutes les deux semaines T’assigner, à partir du backlog de sprint, tes futures tâches selon ton expertise & tes intérêts Accès à une rétroaction directe des clients Mettre en place et suivre des standards de développement Java (bonnes pratiques). Bien utiliser et gérer la dette technique (identification, documentation et résolution) Participer à la mise en place de stratégies afin d’augmenter la qualité et faciliter l’assurance de la qualité (tests automatisés, tests end-to-end, tests unitaires, etc..) Personne aimant mettre à profit son souci du détail Excellentes habiletés techniques et à l’aise avec un grand éventail de technologies Capable de gérer multiples dossiers à la fois Capacité de respecter les délais de livraison dans un contexte de multiples livrables Débrouillard et autonome Capable de travailler avec des collègues à distance Passionné de la montagne et/ou du plein-air Capable de comprendre la réalité et les besoins des stations de ski et des adeptes du ski/planche à neige Baccalauréat en informatique, génie informatique, génie logiciel, ou expérience équivalente Expérience en développement back-end en Java Spring Expérience de développement en micro-services Expérience en conception d’API REST et GraphQL Expérience avec la technologie Kafka Expérience avec ElasticSearch Expérience avec la base de données MongoDB Expérience avec les pipelines CI/CD Expérience dans l’industrie du ski, un atout Bonne capacité à lire, écrire et comprendre l’anglais Améliorer l’expérience numérique des skieurs via de nouvelles fonctionnalités sur les plateformes web et mobiles Améliorer l’efficacité des écoles de ski via une meilleure communication entre les gestionnaires, clients et instructeurs Définir des algorithmes de définition de prix des billets journaliers afin d’optimiser le revenu des stations de ski Augmenter les automatisations lors de l’achat de services offerts par les stations de ski afin de diminuer l’interaction entre l’employé et le client lors des transactions En raison du Covid, l’équipe Paradocs a dû rapidement aider les stations de ski dans leur gestion de capacité de skieurs autorisés sur la montagne via de nouvelles fonctionnalités e-commerces, IoT et la plateforme de gestion MtnOS. Un environnement jeune, dynamique, décontracté et flexible où vous pouvez vous amuser Une équipe soudée et épanouie de 20 employés passionnés par la technologie et le ski, où les gens y restent. Une forte culture d'entreprise où l’engagement, la rigueur, la loyauté et la passion pour les sports en montagne et le plein-air sont au coeur de celle-ci Une entreprise en pleine croissance Une ambiance conviviale et une grande proximité entre les membres de l’équipe - Family hub Sillonner dans un environnement hautement technologique avec des technologies de fines pointes (ex : Architecture en micro-services, Java Spring, MongoDB, Kafka, Rancher, Gitlab, Kubernetes, Balena, React Native, Angular, Electron) Salaire concurrentiel, promis! Assurance collective payée à 100% par l’employeur Télé-médecine avec Dialogue Horaire variable Accès à des passes de ski gratuites (ce qui est un avantage considérable pour les amateurs de ski ou de planche) Possibilités d'avancement L’emploi du masculin est utilisé à des fins d’alléger le texte Understand and determine the business rules and logic specific to each ski resort and ensure that the technological solutions developed meet and are constantly aligned with the real business of customers Perform integration of existing software products with external APIs to enhance our service offering Collaborate with the front-end team in the development of new features Contribute to the design and architecture of the business logic and data structure to enable performance optimization and future enhancements Participation in daily scrum meetings, sprint reviews and sprint retros Participate in the weekly show & tell in order to see the work done by your peers, present what you have done and stay informed of the progress of the product Participate in bi-weekly sprint planning Assign you, from the sprint backlog, your future tasks according to your expertise & interests Access to direct customer feedback Follow and implement Java development standards (best practices) Good use and management of technical debt (identification, documentation and resolution) Participate in the implementation of strategies to increase quality and facilitate quality assurance (automated tests, end-to-end tests, unit tests, etc.) A person who likes to pay attention to detail Excellent technical skills and comfortable with a wide range of technologies Ability to manage multiple files at once Ability to meet deadlines in a context of multiple deliverables Resourceful and self-directed Ability to work with remote colleagues Having a passion for mountains and/or the outdoors Ability to comprehend the realities and needs of ski areas and ski/snowboard enthusiasts Relevant training (e.g.: Bachelor's degree in computer science, computer engineering, software engineering, or equivalent experience) Experience in Back-End development in Java Spring Experience in microservices development Experience in REST and GraphQL API design Experience with Kafka technology Experience with ElasticSearch Experience with MongoDB database Experience with CI/CD pipelines Experience in the ski industry is an asset Good ability to read, write and understand English Showcase the digital experience for skiers through new features on web and mobile platforms. Enhance better communication between managers, clients and instructors thereby improving the efficiency of ski schools. Redefine a new component library for the MtnOS application. Create a unique and effective style within the MtnOS application. Due to Covid, the Paradocs team had to quickly assist ski resorts in their management of authorized skier capacity on the mountain via new e-commerce, IoT and MtnOS management platform features. A place where you can have fun due to its young, dynamic, relaxed and flexible environment. A close-knit and fulfilled team of 20 employees who are passionate about technology and skiing, where people stay. A strong corporate culture based on commitment, rigour, loyalty and passion for mountain sports and the outdoors. A growing company A close relationship between the team members and a warm atmosphere- Family hub. Work in a cutting-edge and a high technological environment (e.g.: microservices architecture, Java Spring, MongoDB, Kafka, Rancher, Gitlab, Kubernetes, Balena, React Native, Angular, Electron) Competitive salary, I promise! 100% employer-paid group insurance Telehealth with Dialogue Variable schedule Access to free ski passes (which is a great benefit to ski and snowboard enthusiasts) Career advancement opportunities 
ScrapedJobID893:
You are a hard worker with the willingness to roll up your sleeves and get the job done You are a positive and optimistic team player who strives for excellence You are passionate about Automation and Engineering You are self-motivated to solve problems and understand how things work You are passionate about healthy living and have values that align with One Degree You are super organized and pay extra attention to details You can make sound and safe judgement You are willing to shift priorities and tasks when necessary to drive the project forward You are flexible in responding to challenges as changes occur You are mechanically inclined with excellent mathematical abilities You are able to deliver work up to all applicable codes on time and quality You can demonstrate independent judgment in the realistic planning, prioritization, and execution of projects, assignments, and communications Diploma, certification, or degree in Electrical/Automation/Mechatronics Engineering Minimum 2-8 years hands-on experience working with industrial automation equipment (installation and commissioning) Must have minimum 1 years of PLC and HMI programming experience with a focus on Rockwell software (Studio 5000, RSLogix 500, RSLogix 5000 and FTView Studio) Design and configuration of Allen Bradley PLC platforms (ControlLogix, CompactLogix, MicroLogix), Remote I/O Experience with VFD and Servo drives (wiring and programming) Working knowledge of MCCs On-hands experience with a variety of sensors (temperature, pressure, distance, level) Intermediate knowledge of Microsoft Operating systems and TCP/IP networking Ability to read and interpret electrical drawings Proficiency in AutoCad Electrical Ability to troubleshoot a variety of electrical and mechanical problems. 
ScrapedJobID894:
Understand, analyze, document and support partners/users in clarifying their needs. Perform complete, fully documented, and substantiated analyses that are based on solid evidence. Examine data and reports to identify underlying trends, major gaps, and root causes of a various issues. Identify, understand, and profile data sources required to meet needs identified in business analyses. Support users throughout the delivery process while guaranteeing the quality of the service provided. Assist in defining the functions, services or technical elements required. Assist in designing the solution in collaboration with the team Participate in the development and application of functional rules, technical specifications, and solution design and delivery standards. Actively contribute, with other experts in the sector, to the implementation of solutions and the execution of activities (i.e. proof of concept, various validations, testing strategies, testing, operations, and user documentation, etc.) Assist with or carry out testing at various levels of detail, both functional and technical, and support partners in this area. Actively contribute to the maintenance of the documentation necessary for the sustainability of designed or current elements and to the IT asset development plans under the team’s responsibility. Assist in monitoring, developing, and supporting applications, systems and practices in the sector As needed, perform certain technical, development, configuration or quality assurance activities when required by the context. Contribute to the applications and technological systems development plan. Actively participate in all the team’s activities (ceremony preparation, definition of done, etc.). College diploma or bachelor’s degree in computer science, administration or other relevant training of a similar level and two to five years of experience in a similar role. Knowledge of Lean/Agile principles and ability to apply them in a teamwork context. Strong analytical, processing, coordination, and collaboration skills. Basic experience with programming languages, databases, or other technologies an asset Specific experience with MySQL databases Basic knowledge of other database technologies (e.g. MSSQL, Mongo, Oracle, Hadoop, etc.) an asset Familiarity with the software development life cycle, DevOps and ITIL, and related best practices. Curiosity, autonomy, discipline, and analytical thinking. Desire to continue to learn. Act as a high-performing team player on a multidisciplinary team. Excellent communication and collaboration skills. Bilingual, very good knowledge of English & French (verbal and written). Knowledge of the insurance and financial services industry is an asset. 
ScrapedJobID895:
Quality assurance methodologies and tools (Test Driven Development, unit testing, regression testing, code coverage, analysis, end-to-end testing, etc) Continuous Integration and the software development lifecycle Cross-browser and cross-platform testing (Linux, OSX, Windows, iOS, Android, etc) Testing front-end, APIs, and product usability We work in tight-knit teams to maximize speed and cultivate an ownership mentality. We cherish curiosity and an obsession for details because we know these details are invaluable over the long run. We promote an environment where ideas are challenged. The best ideas win! We're hyperfocused on our achievements and our ability to execute on our promises. We act with urgency. It's not always about us.* We give back to our community to ensure it can grow.* We love to compete and have fun. Our game nights are legendary. 
ScrapedJobID896:
Shortlisted applicants will be contacted in January 2022* Remote work from within Alberta may be considered dependent on the successful candidate* Grow through our journey into the cloud though workshops and on demand training subscriptions In-house learning and development utilizing formal training sessions as well as webinars and training on the job Develop capabilities leading a team by coaching and mentoring in a team setup Monitor alerts with hybrid cloud infrastructure monitoring tools. Analyze monitoring requirements and define alerts for cloud and on premise platforms Automate alerting responses up to and where applicable including auto-remediation of alerts Monitor Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) consumption with the goal to optimize cost efficiencies Resolve assigned Service Desk calls within the agreed service levels and ensuring call notes are accurate, complete, and updated daily Lead problem management activities to determine root-cause and implementing solutions to maximize reliability of hybrid cloud infrastructure Provide on-call support Provide status updates as required Drive disaster recovery exercises Stays current with vendor and manufacturer advisories for problem prevention Provide quality assurance for hybrid cloud infrastructure and project deliverables to be transitioned into baseline support Provide quality assurance of installation documentation, implementation plans to make changes to the hybrid cloud infrastructure Provide unit testing of applications installed on baseline server image Define, improve and execute hybrid cloud infrastructure operations procedures to implement changes into the environment and producing deliverables as required as per platform change enablement best practices Manage public and private cloud-based systems Apply virtualization experience to maintain hybrid cloud infrastructure, experience with VMware virtualization highly desirable Recommend cloud and on premise system changes and enhancements Develop and support installation/implementation planning in a hybrid multi-cloud environment Collaborate with other Digital Services team members to resolve opportunities affecting projects or operational efficiencies Collaborate with Infrastructure Operations Analysts and Database Analysts on methods and processes to improve delivery Collaborate with Digital Services Maintenance and Operations staff on operational matters Collaborate with business representatives on post maintenance validations Collaborate with project managers on project related matters Actively participate in the Community of Practice (CoP), collaborating with peers on processes, standards, best practices, efficiency improvements in a collaborating capacity Provide coaching to other team members in technical skills, organizational procedures, and problem resolution Provide accurate and timely weekly status updates and time reporting Expert level understanding of Microsoft server operating systems, DNS (Domain Name System), NTFS permissions Experience with hyper-converged infrastructure (HCI), preferably Dell VxRail Configure and maintain monitoring and management solutions. Understanding and/or experience with backup software and recovery strategies Working knowledge of Microsoft and open-source web servers Good understanding of certificate technology Experience with using hybrid infrastructure and application monitoring software Practical understanding of networking technology - routing, subnets, UDP, TCP, IP, & VLANs Practical understanding of SAN Storage, particularly vSAN as well as cloud-based storage Understanding and/or experience with scripting skills using PowerShell and Linux scripting engines Experience with cloud based unified collaboration systems Experience with latest versions of VMware virtualization technology Experience in a hybrid multi-cloud setup combining on premise infrastructure with IaaS Solid knowledge around Identity and Access Management (AD, Azure AD) Working level understanding of Red Hat Linux operating systems Excellent troubleshooting and problem-solving skills Ability to stay calm under stress Ability to assist in managing projects. Works well independently and within a team Strong coordination, prioritization, and organization skills Effective communication skills Good coordination and organization skills Excellent documentation skills with high level of attention to detail Willingness and ability to learn and drive new skills Health, dental, and vision benefits on your first day of employment $1200 health spending account Corporate functions Christmas closure PSPP contributions Generous vacation and special leave days Health and wellness initiatives A degree or diploma in Computer Science or Technology coupled with 6+ years of IT (Information Technology) systems administrative experience, with total combined education and experience of 10 years. Certifications specifically related to areas of expertise are highly desirable. Experience working in a multi-vendor environment is considered a definite asset. 
ScrapedJobID897:
coordinating the quality review process for the changes to the audit methodology (such as the manual, templates, guidance, procedures, and INTRAnet pages) respond to questions related to audit methodology researching and identifying solutions to address auditors’ request for advice supporting the project related to the replacement of the audit working paper software replacing or representing the Director of Direct Engagements Methodology in various cross-functional projects The OAG takes pride in having a workplace that respects and values our employees’ different backgrounds and talents, which are highlighted through cultural festivals and awareness campaigns. We recognize our employees’ personal needs outside the office and promote a healthy, balanced lifestyle through flexible work arrangements and generous time-off policies. We offer peace of mind through a comprehensive benefits package, which includes a pension plan, a health and dental plan, disability benefits, and an employee assistance program. NEW - INFORMATION YOU MUST PROVIDE Candidate Assessment Form, clearly indicating how you meet each experience and asset qualification. References who can validate the information must be provided in the template. The Selection Committee may seek additional references within the OAG. Candidate Assessment Form, clearly indicating how you meet each experience and asset qualification. References who can validate the information must be provided in the template. Failure to provide the above information in the required format may result in the rejection of your application. Recent* and significant** experience in identifying, designing, and implementing changes to processes or procedures Recent* and significant** experience in interacting with stakeholders for gathering input and communicating the results of analysis Recent* experience in conducting research and analysis Experience in establishing and maintaining healthy working relationships with colleagues Recent is defined within the last 5 years. Connaissance et expérience de l’interprétation et de l’application de normes d’assurance. Connaissance et expérience de la rédaction de procédures d’audit. Compétences avérées en gestion de projet. Expérience des missions d’appréciation directe (comme des audits de performance et des examens spéciaux). Expérience dans un poste semblable assorti de responsabilités et de qualifications essentielles semblables. Integrity and respect Technical subject matter expertise Personal effectiveness and project management skills Personal and people development skills Strategic thinking, rigorous analysis, and sound judgment Productive and collaborative relationships with partners and stakeholders Innovation and ability to guide change Clear and influential communication Leadership 
ScrapedJobID898:
Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID899:
Perform manual end-to-end testing of our software and systems in various sandbox, development and cross-browser/platform environments At least 2 years of working experience with Web / Native Mobile applications (running on IOS & Android devices) Understanding of internet of things (IoT) devices (Bluetooth connectivity) and their interactions with both mobile and web applications Assist in the test management process by:
Documenting test cases run and logging issues in detail
Collaborating with Developers to resolve problems found in a release cycle by assisting in diagnosis and replication of issues
Reporting on testing progress and status to Developer Lead(s) Documenting test cases run and logging issues in detail Collaborating with Developers to resolve problems found in a release cycle by assisting in diagnosis and replication of issues Reporting on testing progress and status to Developer Lead(s) Develop and document software efficient test plans and user flows Execute manual and automated test plans and troubleshoot, report and track defects through to resolution Create accurate and high-quality reports on time and in the format specified by the company Work with the product stakeholders and our software development team to troubleshoot and resolve identified issues and defects Use a Defect Tracking System (i.e.: Jira) to track and report problems with the software Actively contribute to the continuous improvement of testing strategy and methods Manage multiple tasks and adhere to project and development schedules Positively and actively support effective communication, encourage and provide constructive feedback Attend daily stand-up (virtual) scrums to report on testing progress and identify any impediments or roadblocks Receive and respond to email and phone inquiries from end customers. Logging, tasking and resolving on average 20-50 inquiries per month. Maintain client/customer satisfaction by ensuring that response time and call resolution occurs within the defined service level guidelines and achieving team goals & objectives Act as the front-facing liaison between customers and the development team. Effectively share information with support and project team, and coordinate with them to prioritize bug fixes and support tooling requirements. Triage and respond to user feedback, questions and complaints via email and social media Provide complete technical troubleshooting support for all products and services, including electronic devices, iOS and Android applications, and web tools. Additional duties as assigned by the leadership team. Actively collaborate and participate in Streampoint’s culture and values Experience in automated web application testing such as xUnit, Moq and Jest Experience in load testing software such as Loadimpact, K6 or others Any underlying programming knowledge in languages such as C# and Javascript. Solid understanding of QA testing methodologies and practices A thirst for knowledge. A passion for learning and understanding new and evolving products, technologies—as well as a desire to know just what keeps our clients up at night. You’ll arm yourself with product knowledge, leveraging your team to fill in any gaps while being more-than-capable of researching and troubleshooting issues on your own A passion for identifying and problem-solving technical and software bugs. You care deeply about the client’s experience with Streampoint Solutions, our products, and our people. You’re a multitasking wizard to ensure projects are completed in a timely manner The ability to work independently and as part of a team. You have the experience and capabilities to work effectively on your own to get tasks done while still being able to collaborate and build strong internal relationships without supervision Excellent communication abilities. You’re able to present, communicate verbally and written, negotiate, and be a creative problem solver. Bachelor Degree or equivalent 1+ years in Quality Assurance work experience in Web Application(s), native mobile application(s) and software testing Excellent verbal and written skills with the ability to collaborate and communicate effectively Experience using project tracking software is considered a strong asset (ie: JIRA, DevOps) Proficient with Quality Assurance principles and best practices Familiarity with test case management systems and test management tools Computer literate in GSuite, MS Office, Slack, intermediate Internet competency and experience with task management. must be willing to learn new internal systems that may be implemented You are an expert at troubleshooting and diagnosing system issues with an attention to detail Must thrive and work well under pressure, excel with tight deadlines, and have excellent attention to detail Ability to work autonomously and in a team Critical thinking and good problem-solving skills Great planning and organizational skills Have independent decision-making abilities. 
ScrapedJobID900:
Bringing an unrivaled passion for delivery, a positive attitude, an interest to learn, and strive to exceed partner expectations in every interaction Responsible for the leadership and talent development of the team, including fostering a positive and collaborative culture, clearly communicating objectives and ensuring team alignment, performance management, career development, and coaching/mentoring of staff Directly manage a team with respect to daily tasks and long-term project assignments Collaborating closely and on a regular basis with line of business to assist them in planning and developing product roadmaps. Acts as the line of business partner to drive IT strategy to help achieve their objectives Has decision-making authority and autonomy to deliver on goals of department/function, as applicable; influences others cross-functionally to ensure department/functional goals are met, and resolves conflicts in an effective manner Manage application support for systems he/she is responsible to ensure compliance with SLAs and other operational processes and standards Responsible for on-budget and on-time delivery of planned projects for a given year, including planning, tracking, status reporting, stake holder management and timely communications Demonstrating expertise in both the art and science of project management across several areas including governance, scope, requirements gathering, risk, quality, issue management, timeline management, communication and stakeholder management Prepare, manage and monitor budget for assigned Projects Contribute and participate in IT steering committees Interface with senior management in IT and in line of business to report status on the assigned projects and programs. Work closely with cross-functional IT teams to ensure successful delivery of the projects Prepare annual budget, quarterly forecast and monitor and report finance variances Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related discipline 3 to 5 years of experience in successfully leading 10 to 15 direct reports 7 to 10 years of experience in managing mission critical and fault resilient OLTP applications handling large volumes of transactions and users. 3 to 5 years of experience in account management in medium size company working as business partner to support business targets 3 to 5 years of experience working in capacities where financial planning and budgeting was a core responsibility Experience in working with public sector organizations is highly desirable Java development background is preferred Experience with Agile/Scrum methodology is an asset Ability to present at all levels of the organization, up to the Executives Strong knowledge of SDLC processes and emerging software development best practices Previous experience with performance reporting and balanced scorecard Knowledge of JIRA, SharePoint, Workday or other equivalent enterprise monitoring tools is an asset Knowledge of commercial applications with Java programming language, Java Enterprise Edition, Angular, SpringBoot, DevOps, JBoss, Oracle RDBMS/Postgress is an asset• Knowledge of test automation tools is an asset•3 to 5 years of experience inleading cross functional teams of individuals with diverse expertise and varying levels is an asset Knowledge of Teranet’s business domain is an asset Project Management Professional (PMP) accreditation is an asset Market-competitive pay structures Paid Vacation & Sick Leaves Maternity, Parental and/or Adoption Leave Top-Up Program 100% Employer-Paid Health Benefit Plan Retirement Savings Plans with Employer Matching Scheme Ongoing Financial Wellness Seminars Corporate Discounted Programs + Wellness Program Employee Assistance Program (EAP) for our employees and their families! 
ScrapedJobID901:
Work with a global multidisciplinary team to quickly identify, address, catalog and track product issues in production and in the field. Interface with service and race support team to coordinate rapid and effective resolution of field technical issues. Support production operations around the world. This includes Fox’s Taiwan facility, contract manufacturers, and suppliers. Develop and perform Quality Assurance (QA) procedures for New Product Development (NPD) projects. This includes testing of PCBAs, firmware, test software, and mechanical assemblies. Create and organize detailed documentation of issues and tasks. Knowledge of C programming and Python PCBA troubleshooting and rework. Fine SMD rework skills a plus. Data Acquisition Comprehension of electronics schematics, block diagrams, and board layouts Electronics characterization equipment (oscilloscopes, power supplies, multimeters, etc) Familiarity with PCBA manufacturing processes and related technologies Working knowledge of source control systems like GitHub or equivalent is desired Solid interpersonal skills Self-starter Team player Customer Mindset : Exceptional customer experience is primary focus while performing job duties. Quality is a top priority. Adaptability & Innovation: Proactively and willingly adapts to changing business needs and conditions and presents creative and fresh ideas on how to solve problems, gain efficiencies and improve quality. Relationship Building: Builds constructive working relationships characterized by a high level of inclusion, cooperation and mutual respect. Accountability: Takes personal responsibility for the quality and timeliness of work and strives to exceed requirements. Decision Making and Judgment: Makes timely, informed decisions that take into account the facts, goals, constraints and risks. Talent Development (Self and Others): Displays an ongoing commitment to learning and self-improvement; making an effort to acquire new knowledge or skills associated with job responsibilities. Willingness to work with others and coach/teach in effort to develop and support other employees’ development. Minimum BS in engineering required Experience with suspension systems and vehicle dynamics is advantageous Experience with 2.4 GHz wireless protocols such as Bluetooth LE or Ant+ would be an advantage 
ScrapedJobID902:
Use sound agile development practices (testing and code reviewing, etc.) to develop and deliver technology solutions Implement approved designs following best practices and with high quality standard Contribute to detailed component design and development plan Work closely with Quality Assurance team members to resolve issues raised by testing throughout the development cycle. Working in a team environment with excellent time management skills and task prioritization for multiple concurrent projects A completion of an undergraduate degree program preferably with focus in computer science, or recognized equivalent Up to One (1) to three (3) years of working experience as a software developer in the health field Experience with software development concepts and methodologies including software development life cycle, design patterns, version control, issue tracking, etc. Experience with development Progressive Web Apps Working experience with the following technologies is preferred: JavaScript, React, Clojure, Node.js, Feathers, Docker Proven development experience with relational and non-relational databases (Mongo, MySQL, Oracle, MS SQL) Experience with HTTP Protocol, REST, XML, J2EE, JavaScript, AJAX Excellent written and verbal communication skills, organization, prioritization skills, computer skills, ability to learn quickly and work independently Strong problem-solving skills and can communicate the challenges and solutions effectively Critical mindset and attention to detail are crucial 
ScrapedJobID903:
Provides leadership and technical expertise to assigned locations within the Interior Health by standardizing, planning, implementing and evaluating quality maintenance initiatives designed to improve quality of service, service utilization, safety and risk reduction, in collaboration with FMO, IFC, WHS and various other leadership teams; ensures an integrated approach to quality assurance and improvement to meet recognized quality standards. Coordinates the education, planning, organizing, scheduling and implementation of tools and mechanisms to measure, monitor and evaluate standardization and maintenance quality initiatives to improve patient outcomes; works with the Director to implement and monitor various computerized maintenance systems, programs and related equipment/systems for consistency across all assigned locations and to meet recognized quality standards. Manages the standardization, planning, organization, implementation and control of the FMO maintenance systems at assigned locations; plans and manages annual initiatives for infrastructure upgrades. Reviews the specifications and contract documents for maintenance projects for various Interior Health facilities; oversees the efficient operation of the Facilities Management & Operation’s CAFM (computer-aided facilities management) system by troubleshooting problems, providing training to users groups and acting as a resource to Plant Services staff and other clinical and non-clinical groups. Liaises with architects, engineers and FMO staff regarding technical specifications and performance of regional maintenance and/or construction projects and initiatives. Participates in the development, evaluation and implementation of IH wide policies and procedures, systems, standards and quality improvement activities including the coordination of WHMIS and other safety or maintenance programs. Provides input into the selection of consultants for projects and into the selection, orientation and evaluation process for FMO personnel. Performs staff training and education in technical areas and performs relief services for the Director as required. Performs other related duties as assigned. A Mechanical Technologist or 2nd class power engineering certificate or greater or Professional Engineering designation. Five (5) years of recent related experience in a large institutional environment, preferably in a health care facility, and one (1) year experience in a supervisory/leadership role. Or an equivalent combination of education, training and experience. Leads Self/Cultural Agility – self-awareness, demonstrates character; noticing and adapting to cultural uniqueness to create a sense of safety for all. Engages Others/Empathy – communicates effectively; listens with heart rather than reacting Achieves Results/Process Orientation – takes action to implement decisions, assesses & evaluates results, follows culturally respectful processes that also produce results Develops Coalitions/Building a Trust-Based Relationship – builds partnership and networks to create results, demonstrates a commitment to customers and service, participating in open exchanges of experiences and culture System Transformation/Credible Champion – demonstrates systems/critical thinking, strategically oriented to the future, champions & orchestrates change, remains self-aware and maintains effective relationships, shows courage and conviction in advocating for change for the betterment of Aboriginal people. Knowledge of quality improvement principles, methods and tools as they apply to healthcare environments. Ability to understand technical data and monitor technological changes affecting healthcare environments. Demonstrated analytical and technical skills. Ability to present, facilitate and teach individuals and/or groups. Writing skills for both technical documentation and as may be required in a business setting. Ability to organize and prioritize work in a dynamic environment with changing priorities. Ability to develop and maintain effective working relationships with internal and external stakeholders. Ability to work independently and as a member of a team. Working knowledge of applicable regulations, legislation, professional standards and safety codes. Ability to operate related equipment including related software applications. Physical ability to perform the duties of the position. 
ScrapedJobID904:
Minimum of 5 years of software project management experience (a must) Degree in project management or in a relevant field. Project Management Professional (PMP) (Strong asset). Detail oriented with excellent organizational, communication and interpersonal skills. Experienced user of JIRA. Advanced skills in the use of GSuite, Confluence, and Smartsheet. impeccable written and verbal English communication skills (French Language is an asset) Experience working in a Startup environment (Asset). Self-motivated with an ability to multi-task and work efficiently in a fast-paced, deadline-oriented environment while setting priorities and delegating to others. Competitive compensation. Work on projects with cutting edge technology and global supply chain, allowing you to develop new skills. company that creates career-building opportunities with leaders who support your development. Join a talented team that values collaboration and innovation. An employer that embraces the flexibility of a hybrid work model and offers Work-Life Balance. Beautiful office environment with free snacks, beverages, and coffee. Plenty of opportunity to grow as a pioneer in our industry. Monday to Friday Montréal, QC: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) Are you currently located in Canada? We cannot consider international applicants for this role. Please DO NOT APPLY IF YOU ARE NOT IN CANADA Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Project management: 5 years (preferred) Software Project Mangement: 3 years (preferred) Jira: 2 years (preferred) Project Management Professional (PMP) (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID905:
Analyze, define and translate functional and technical specifications into test requirements Design, build and review global testing strategies Design and develop test cases for the various components of the system, of the application under development Work in collaboration with the Product Owner and the Squad to prioritize the test ‘stories’ Attend Agile project ceremonies to report on the status of tests, communicate problems, implement QA standards and policies and communicate the QA schedule Ensure that customer needs are met with the highest quality Manage and coordinate end-to-end testing activities for projects Identify and implement QA best practices Identify and help to implement Data & DB testing. Coordinate activities to ensure test data preparation Bachelor's or any other combination of experience and related training deemed relevant Minimum of 10 years of experience in IT Quality Assurance A good understanding of the CI / CD concept A good knowledge of Confluence and JIRA (and its Test plugin) Knowledge of analytical data tools Knowledge of Machine Learning, Deep Learning, MLOps ISTQB certifications (asset) A good communicator (oral and written) in French and English A team player with an analytical mind and attention to details Able to establish priorities, manage them and readjust yourself in case of change Persevering and have problem-solving skills - Available to work occasionally outside normal business hours (weekends, etc.), during deployments An award-winning, inspiring workplace that supports its people and recognizes great work Stimulating, challenging projects and development opportunities to help you grow your skills and career A comprehensive financial rewards program that recognizes your success An extensive, flexible benefits package An industry leading Employee Share Purchase Plan where we match 50% of net shares purchased A $350 annual wellness account that promotes an active lifestyle 
ScrapedJobID906:
Develop, design, configure, test and deploy of new or enhancement of the application including but not limited to, modules, workflows, catalog requests, scripts, reporting, data imports, custom scripting, third-party software integrations, user interface and other ServiceNow platform component. Combine business knowledge and analytic insight with programming skills to develop applications while managing business requirements and ensuring all technical deliverables. Ensure solution architecture analysis, design and direction on the development activities, with specific emphasis on leading efforts involving Process, Solution Design, and Integration while ensuring technical leadership and assurance of best practices Respond to and manage all ServiceNow issues including troubleshooting ServiceNow upgrades, patching, and release management. Produce detailed documentation and required training on all relevant work. Maintain up-to-date documentation related to the application administration and configuration. Document and support technical architectures that are clearly understood by other architects, developers and testers Manage ServiceNow instances, including the data management, table maintenance, overall security of the platform, configuring Service Level Agreements, developing workflows, business rules, UI pages, UI actions, UI policies, catalog items etc. and updates of all other existing solutions requiring revisions Contribute to continuous improvement of processes, standards, working methods, and tools while ensuring adherence to cording and quality standards. Drive out the development and execution of the ServiceNow project activities, working with the project team to define, sequence and estimate duration of project activities and duration of schedule to meet project objectives Integrate and architect with other complex systems like ServiceCloud (client facing technology), Remedy and other Supplier-based tools that enable IGM’s day to day operations Envision and enable a long term ServiceNow capabilities outside of IT Service Management and IT Operations Management suites (ie. Customer Service Management, Cloud Management, etc) Design and architect ServiceNow CMDB and Discovery Jobs Work directly with business clients to understand specific business processes and business drivers and business strategy across a business unit; identifies and communicates resulting future needs and opportunities for business services that can be enabled via ServiceNow, and oversees the technical development, testing and delivery of business solutions Other duties as assigned Experience (3-5 years) implementing and supporting ITSM and ITOM suites, including strong skills in Discovery Experience (3-5 years) ITIL methodologies, IT architecture, JavaScript, web software design principals, database architecture, and relational databases Experience (3-5 years) in Scripting, System Definition, Business Rules, Menus, UI/Forms, UI Actions, Content Management, Imports, Transform Maps, Web Services (SOAP, REST, including cross-browser compatibility), and Notifications (e.g. XML, HTML, AJAX, CSS, HTTP, TCP/IP, etc.) Experience (3-5 years) in utilizing of AngularJS, JavaScript, GlideScript, JSON, Jelly, SOAP, database management concepts Experience (3-5 years) in Identity Management / Authentication approaches (token, SAML 1.1, SAML 2.0), integrations (LDAP, Active Directory) Single Sign-on using various authentication methods ServiceNow Fundamentals and Administrator Certification required ServiceNow Implementation Specialist in two or more applications required ServiceNow Certified Application Developer desired Has a Bachelor's degree in Computer Information Systems, Management Information Systems, Computer Science or equivalent Excellent communication skills and a strong personal commitment to quality service Ability to organize work as a project and work across multiple projects MS platform and scripting knowledge SQL server database knowledge Canadian Financial industry experience 
ScrapedJobID907:
Review functional and design specifications to ensure full understanding of individual deliverables. Backend database testing in MySQL environment including validating stored data, procedures, triggers and jobs Identify test requirements from specifications, map test case requirements and design test coverage plan. Develop, document and maintain functional test cases and other test artifacts like the test data, data validation, harness scripts and automated scripts. Execute and evaluate manual or automated test cases and report test results Comply with company's QA standards; provide daily test execution progress and technical reports on testing when required. Communicate defects and issues in a concise, timely and professional manner. Assist development with reproducing defects under investigations. Evaluate and report on the quality of software products and make recommendations for deployment. Work collaboratively among different teams to develop and improve QA processes Support other analysts by reviewing work and providing feedback when required BS or BA degree preferred. 4+ years of relevant QA technical experience 2+ years of experience with DevOps tools 2 + years of experience with working in Agile Methodology Experience with Jenkins tools to manage CI/CD pipelines Intermediate level knowledge of the software development life cycle, testing strategies, tools and QA methodologies Experience working with and testing web services – REST, SOAP, JSON Experience in documenting, tracking and escalating issues as appropriate, using JIRA Experience with testing for software & hardware integrations in a Lab environment. 1+ years large enterprise or e-business systems experience Experience working on products or apps with over a million users. 
ScrapedJobID908:
Write clean, and reusable PHP code within CMS platforms like WordPress themes and plugins for clients of all sizes but especially medium and large ones. Adherence to tbk Creative’s standards for writing PHP code. Integrate systems via web services and APIs to support our clients’ marketing needs – ensuring quality, robustness and appropriate error proofing. Write effective tests to support unit testing goals set. Collaborate with designers and account representatives to complete tasks related to client marketing and technology needs. Provide mentorship to your development team members in a way that supports their learning goals, improves them as professionals and strengthens the quality of the solutions created. Solve technical problems and present solutions to other developers, account representatives and graphic designers. Continually offer ways to improve development processes. Provide the development team and accounts team with what the technical assistance and resources that need to do their job excellently. Provide project status updates to the Development Operations Manager, applicable accounts team members and leadership. Exceed targets set for the development of software modules. Identify project risks and provide solutions to mitigate or avoid such risk. Attend and contribute to the daily Scrum Stand-up; listen and support the entire development team. Improve any and all areas of development process within the development team. Support in managing network and server infrastructure for client websites and digital products as required. Minimum 3 years professional experience designing and implementing websites in the PHP scripting language. Minimum 1-year professional experience designing and implementing WordPress themes and plugins. Minimum 1-year professional experience writing, analyzing and optimizing MySQL queries. Strong understanding of design patterns, general web functions and industry standards. Prior experience within a quality assurance (QA) role or QA process within a project. Knowledge of unit testing, continuous integration and industry standards for coding styles. Deep functional knowledge or hands-on design experience with Web Services (REST, SOAP, etc.). Strong grasp of security principles and how they apply to e-commerce applications and the protection of sensitive information. Prior experience with Git source control management process within an agile structure. Working knowledge of PHP frameworks and their concepts. Some include but aren’t limited to: CodeIgniter, Symfony, Laravel, Zend Framework. Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID909:
Product development and software design Participate in the software development of our infrastructure Develop requirements specification Define and optimize user interface specifications Develop methods and perform product testing in coordination with the quality assurance team Write and execute protocols for design verification and validation Develop plans for prototype testing and oversee their implementation and execution Develop websites using our C++ Web Server Technology 3+ years in a similar role Strong knowledge of HTML, JavaScript, CSS, Networking, Databases Previous experience with various network protocols and debugging tools Experience with GIT, or similar systems English – essential A permanent, full-time position. A competitive base salary; Flexible working hours; Easy access to public transportation. Numerous opportunities for professional development. Baccalauréat (Souhaité) Non 
ScrapedJobID910:
Managing the day-to-day configuration, support, maintenance, and improvement of our Salesforce instance and integrations. Consulting with stakeholders to gather and analyze requirements. Managing and prioritizing user requests, while cultivating a positive support experience. Turning business requirements into reality—designing robust, intelligent, and scalable solutions with the right blend of declarative and custom development. Collaborating with a wider team of Salesforce Administrators and Developers to deliver solutions that delight our users. Working closely with our operations and enablement teams to deliver on strategic initiatives. Keeping up to date with Salesforce releases and best practices to inform and recommend system improvements. Documenting system configuration and administrative processes. Performing quality assurance testing and monitoring data quality and integrity. Providing guidance and coaching for junior administrators. Building training and documentation to grow our Salesforce skills across Clio. Other duties as required. 3+ years of Salesforce administrator experience. Post-secondary education in Computer Science, Business Administration, or relevant discipline. Excellent written and verbal communication. Meticulous organization and task-driven nature. Excellent consulting skills to fully understand requirements and pain points. Strong analytical skills and the ability to meet tight deadlines. Enthusiasm to learn a new, complex domain and the humility to ask for help when needed. Salesforce certification. An understanding of revenue metrics across Sales, Marketing, and Customer Success. Experience working with Salesforce development teams. Experience with DemandTools, Marketo, Drift, Chili Piper, SalesLoft, and other integrations. 
ScrapedJobID911:
Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID912:
Managing master data files including creation, updates, and deletion. Collaborating with in-field data collection users Provide quality assurance of imported data Processing confidential data in accordance with guidelines Helping develop reports and analysis Supporting the database with respect to identifying and revising reporting requirements Supporting initiatives for data integrity Learn and use task-specific software Generating reports from single or multiple systems Attend meetings with team members Monitor in-field progress and activities to validate projects remain on schedule Other duties as required Proficient in typing, working in databases, and computer office software such as MS Office Work experience as a data analyst or related field Ability to communicate effectively with various internal and external personnel for the purposes of gathering, relaying and coordinating information with office and field staff. Strong verbal and written communications Working in a team environment Legally eligible to work in Canada On-site parking Paid time off 8 hour shift Monday to Friday English (required) No 
ScrapedJobID913:
Analyser les problèmes de qualité des produits et services remontés soit à l’interne ou à l’externe (clients) pour trouver la cause précise. Proposer des solutions et accompagner les équipes à résoudre des problématiques en jouant le rôle de facilitateur. Définir des métriques de qualité significatifs et les monitorer. Supporter l’équipe des Ventes et l’équipe de Support pour analyser en profondeur des plaintes clients, recueillir et transmettre des informations et faire un suivi rapproché. Mettre en place et animer le comité Qualité. Scolarité : Baccalauréat en en génie électrique, génie logiciel, génie mécanique, ou toute autre discipline appropriée; Expérience : 5 ans minimum, en gestion de la qualité ou assurance qualité et avoir participé à l’implantation d’au moins un système de qualité dans un environnement de production ou de développement Agile. Compétences et qualités : Leadership, fortes capacités à influencer les autres et à créer un climat de confiance avec toutes les parties prenantes (employés et haute direction), rigueur, facilité d’apprentissage de différentes applications, esprit d’équipe, capacité à assumer des tâches multiples et à prioriser, bonnes aptitudes à la gestion de projets impliquant de nombreux collaborateurs; Connaissances linguistiques : Bonne maîtrise du français et de l’anglais à l’oral et à l’écrit; Connaissances requises: ISO 9001 :2015 (auditeur certifié un atout), Lean six-sigma (Ceinture verte un atout), documentation de processus, excellente maîtrise de la suite Microsoft Office, connaissance de JIRA/Confluence, CRM Dynamics, EPC, Microsoft Dynamics NAV (atouts) Vous recherchez des défis stimulants qui vous pousseront à vous dépasser sans cesse. Vous rêvez d’une ambiance à la fois familiale, professionnelle, collaborative et conviviale. Vous avez besoin d’un horaire flexible et l’accès au télétravail afin de concilier votre vie privée à votre vie professionnelle. Vous souhaitez parfaire vos connaissances et votre savoir-faire en côtoyant des chercheurs, des innovateurs, des scientifiques qui ont tous un point en commun, la Passion. Vous avez fait le choix d’être un collaborateur important pour l’avancement technologie d’une multitude d’industries. Vous désirez être considéré pour vos idées, votre créativité et vos talents. Vous connaissez votre valeur et recherchez une rémunération globale concurrentielle. Vous ne voulez pas un simple emploi, vous voulez une carrière! Analyze the quality problems of products and services escalated either internally or externally (customers) to find the precise cause. Propose solutions and support teams in solving problems by playing the role of facilitator. Define significant quality metrics and monitor them. Support the Sales team and the Support team to analyze customer complaints in depth, collect and transmit information and do a close follow-up. Set up and lead the Quality committee. Education: Bachelor's degree in electrical engineering, software engineering, mechanical engineering, or any other appropriate discipline. Experience: 5 years minimum, in quality management or quality assurance and having participated in the implementation of at least one quality system in an Agile production or development environment. Skills and qualities: Leadership, strong ability to influence others and create a climate of trust with all stakeholders (employees and senior management), rigor, ease of learning different applications, team spirit, ability to assume multiple tasks and to prioritize, good skills in project management involving many collaborators. Language skills: Good command of French and English, both oral and written. Required knowledge: ISO 9001: 2015 (certified auditor an asset), Lean six-sigma (Green belt an asset), process documentation, excellent command of the Microsoft Office suite, knowledge of JIRA / Confluence, CRM Dynamics, EPC, Microsoft Dynamics NAV (assets). You are looking for stimulating challenges that will push you to constantly surpass yourself. You dream of an atmosphere that is at the same time family, professional, collaborative and friendly. You need flexible hours and access to telecommuting in order to reconcile your private and professional life. You want to perfect your knowledge and your know-how by working alongside researchers, innovators and scientists who all have one thing in common, Passion. You have chosen to be an important contributor to the advancement of technology in a multitude of industries. You want to be considered for your ideas, your creativity and your talents. You know your worth and seek competitive total rewards. You don't want a simple job, you want a career! 
ScrapedJobID914:
4 Years of experience with performance testing using various Performance Testing tools Able to assess Non Functional Requirements and create performance plan & strategy Able to work closely with the solution architect/software development team, gathering requirements and feedback Able to write or leverage scripts that have been written in PT tool (Loadrunner/JMeter) Experience with one or more Infrastructure as a Service cloud providers (AWS/Azure/Google Cloud). Positive attitude and a willingness to be flexible and learn new technologies Very strong communication skills quality assurance: 4 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID915:
Please Note: This is a 6-month contract role. Establishes and sustains quality assurance processes, practices, methods, tools, and controls in support of application and system requirement, development, and test activities throughout the software development lifecycle Performs complex system and problem analysis Provides guidance to other analysts, developers, and testers Performs complex system and problem analysis associated with applications development and test management activities encompassing project, release, and sustainment efforts Constructs and reviews test plans, scenarios, cases, and scripts, ensuring that requirement coverage is adequate and business requirements, functional specifications and designs are linked to test artifacts. Provides supervision and guidance to other analysts, developers, and testers in the development and implementation of quality assurance processes, methods, and tools Provides status and makes recommendations on meeting test criteria and production rollout readiness Works with project and business resources to ensure functional and technical specifications and designs fulfill the requirements quality criteria Participates in requirements and design review Maps business requirements, functional and technical specifications to test scenarios, cases, and scripts Accurately monitors and communicates test execution results Creates and follows current processes, standards, and practices to develop, test and implement quality assurance operational procedures for use by applicable requirements, development, test, and quality assurance teams Provides assessment information on business and functional impacts Facilitates architecting, designing, and implementing new and existing testing tools and methods Organizes and manages data environment and configuration requirements with business, functional and technical analysts, as well as development and test teams Post-secondary Education, preferably in Computer Science or Computer Engineering Possesses a minimum of 4-6 years of QA experience Ability to create detailed test cases from technical specifications Experience in software requirements, development, and testing activities with multiple, simultaneous quality assurance efforts Demonstrated collaboration on project teams and interaction with project managers, business analysts, developers and the business community directly related to quality assurance responsibilities and roles Demonstrate test management processes and technical skills Basic SQL query-writing skills Strong communication skills and attention to detail Solid analytical capabilities Ability to work independently and as part of the team Strong organizational skills; exercises sound judgment in prioritizing work The Roots Work In Comfort (Flexible Work) program, 
ScrapedJobID916:
Ensuring timely delivery of IT work programs and conducting quality assurance / reviews of work program deliverables. This includes substantial operational tasks, research, reporting and troubleshooting activities, participating in the delivery of infrastructure, operational and security projects with internal and external stakeholders (eg service providers and clients) Conducting the investigation of operational incidents under the direction of the Director of Infrastructure, Lead Security Analyst and / or service partners. This includes coordination of activities with IT, business functions and external stakeholders. Creating lessons learned and process improvement strategy. Assisting to provide advice and guidance to Firm stakeholders in matters pertaining to infrastructure, operations, policy compliance and security. Management of risk profiles pertaining to infrastructure technologies and operations; and providing recommendations to mitigate risks. Participating in projects to provide subject matter expertise and advice from an infrastructure, operational and security perspective. Other duties as required. (This establishes the premise that the job's essential duties are not all inclusive, and other functions may be added dependent on the situation) Post secondary diploma in an Information Technology discipline. Minimum of 3 years of information technology experience, 1 year of which is in an infrastructure, network or security role. Possess broad range of infrastructure and operational knowledge (server operations, monitoring, trouble-shooting, network routing and switching, security & access controls, messaging, database administration, storage operation, backup & recovery, data center operations, etc.) and systems development life cycle experience in multiple technological platforms. Knowledge of ITIL and project management disciplines preferred. Asset certifications Microsoft, Cisco and / or Security certification's an asset. MCSA, CCNA, SSCP, or higher etc. Knowledge with ISO 27001/27002 and / or SANS / CAG Top 20 is an asset. Ability to acquire, apply and maintain a body of knowledge related to the field. This includes technical knowledge of infrastructure and security solutions pertaining to Network, datacenter, IaaS, SaaS, Virtualization, Firewalls, EndPoint and network security tools and services, multi-factor authentication, PKI, MDM, Identity Management, access controls, etc. Scripting, analysis, reporting. Incident management, Vulnerability management and business awareness and education. Fundamental knowledge of…
Directory Services (eg Microsoft AD, GPO, LDAP)
Cisco Intra / Internetworking
Network Security (eg Dell, Cisco ASA, ACS, SSL VPN, 2FA)
Communications Network (eg VoIP, Jabber, Conferencing, Video)
Wireless Infrastructure
RDBMS (eg MS SQL Server)
Internet Security Services (Web Gateway and Application layer firewalls)
Messaging Services (MS Exchange 2010/2013, Archiving, Gateway Security
Anti-malware Solutions (Client and server) Directory Services (eg Microsoft AD, GPO, LDAP) Cisco Intra / Internetworking Network Security (eg Dell, Cisco ASA, ACS, SSL VPN, 2FA) Communications Network (eg VoIP, Jabber, Conferencing, Video) Wireless Infrastructure RDBMS (eg MS SQL Server) Internet Security Services (Web Gateway and Application layer firewalls) Messaging Services (MS Exchange 2010/2013, Archiving, Gateway Security Anti-malware Solutions (Client and server) 
ScrapedJobID917:
Ensuring timely delivery of IT work programs and conducting quality assurance / reviews of work program deliverables. This includes substantial operational tasks, research, reporting and troubleshooting activities, participating in the delivery of infrastructure, operational and security projects with internal and external stakeholders (eg service providers and clients) Conducting the investigation of operational incidents under the direction of the Director of Infrastructure, Lead Security Analyst and / or service partners. This includes coordination of activities with IT, business functions and external stakeholders. Creating lessons learned and process improvement strategy. Assisting to provide advice and guidance to Firm stakeholders in matters pertaining to infrastructure, operations, policy compliance and security. Management of risk profiles pertaining to infrastructure technologies and operations; and providing recommendations to mitigate risks. Participating in projects to provide subject matter expertise and advice from an infrastructure, operational and security perspective. Other duties as required. (This establishes the premise that the job's essential duties are not all inclusive, and other functions may be added dependent on the situation) Post secondary diploma in an Information Technology discipline. Minimum of 3 years of information technology experience, 1 year of which is in an infrastructure, network or security role. Possess broad range of infrastructure and operational knowledge (server operations, monitoring, trouble-shooting, network routing and switching, security & access controls, messaging, database administration, storage operation, backup & recovery, data center operations, etc.) and systems development life cycle experience in multiple technological platforms. Knowledge of ITIL and project management disciplines preferred. Asset certifications Microsoft, Cisco and / or Security certification's an asset. MCSA, CCNA, SSCP, or higher etc. Knowledge with ISO 27001/27002 and / or SANS / CAG Top 20 is an asset. Ability to acquire, apply and maintain a body of knowledge related to the field. This includes technical knowledge of infrastructure and security solutions pertaining to Network, datacenter, IaaS, SaaS, Virtualization, Firewalls, EndPoint and network security tools and services, multi-factor authentication, PKI, MDM, Identity Management, access controls, etc. Scripting, analysis, reporting. Incident management, Vulnerability management and business awareness and education. Fundamental knowledge of…
Directory Services (eg Microsoft AD, GPO, LDAP)
Cisco Intra / Internetworking
Network Security (eg Dell, Cisco ASA, ACS, SSL VPN, 2FA)
Communications Network (eg VoIP, Jabber, Conferencing, Video)
Wireless Infrastructure
RDBMS (eg MS SQL Server)
Internet Security Services (Web Gateway and Application layer firewalls)
Messaging Services (MS Exchange 2010/2013, Archiving, Gateway Security
Anti-malware Solutions (Client and server) Directory Services (eg Microsoft AD, GPO, LDAP) Cisco Intra / Internetworking Network Security (eg Dell, Cisco ASA, ACS, SSL VPN, 2FA) Communications Network (eg VoIP, Jabber, Conferencing, Video) Wireless Infrastructure RDBMS (eg MS SQL Server) Internet Security Services (Web Gateway and Application layer firewalls) Messaging Services (MS Exchange 2010/2013, Archiving, Gateway Security Anti-malware Solutions (Client and server) 
ScrapedJobID918:
Accountability for how we show up, taking ownership for solving problems and our career development Working collaboratively with others towards shared goals Acting with candor and integrity Seeking to understand, learn and grow Acting with urgency Providing excellent technical support via phone, email, and support portal Consistently delivering exceptional service experiences with clients Effectively managing and taking ownership of a case queue Consistently using active listening skills with a focus on capturing client needs, urgency, and issue details Consistently using soft skills in both oral and written communication Creating, maintaining, and debugging Crystal Reports Creating well-written specifications and documentation for each Crystal Reports Project Creating, supporting, and debugging SQL Queries, Packages, Procedures, Functions, Views, and Triggers Replicating issues reported by clients and working with Quality Assurance and Development teams to deliver solutions Performing simple data management tasks for clients, including data correction, import, and manipulation Documenting actions taken on support incidents and logging resolutions in a clear and concise manner Creating client-facing knowledge base articles from resolved support cases Experience in a client-facing technical support role A degree or diploma in a post-secondary technical program Exceptional customer-focused attitude, with strong verbal and written communication skills Demonstrated critical thinking, troubleshooting, and problem-solving abilities in a high-pressure environment Experience working with relational database platforms 2+ years’ experience working with Crystal Reports Knowledge of Database connections, table linking, formulas, groups, summaries, and parameters. Strong SQL Query, Package, Procedure, Function, View, and Trigger writing skills. 
ScrapedJobID919:
TERADATA Consulting firm Computer hardware or software retailer/wholesaler Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Python React Native React.js Scala Angular.js Hadoop Bondable Criminal record check Basic security clearance Enhanced reliability security clearance Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Manual dexterity Attention to detail Ability to distinguish between colours Sitting Tight deadlines Spreadsheet Java Internet Database software C C++ MAC Device drivers Security software Mail server software Image editing software Programming software HTML editing software Programming languages Software development SQL Mapping and data visualization software MS Office C# .NET Cloud Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID920:
Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID921:
On-the-job learning that will provide you with continued technical skills development and diverse business experience during busy season; Opportunity to work on a broad range of engagements in a variety of industries; A professional working environment, with a personal culture that focuses on work-life balance. Work individually on the preparation of working paper files, US tax returns and various other accounting assignments; Communicate directly with clients and third parties to obtain necessary information for task completion; Compilation of personal and corporate tax returns. Positive, can-do attitude; A desire to learn; Adaptability and flexibility; Excellent interpersonal skills with a strong focus on client service; Commitment to excellence and teamwork ; Detail oriented individual with superior organizational and analytical skills; Excellent English communication skills, both written and verbal; Strong MS Office computer skills with the ability to grasp new technological tools; Exposure to Caseware, TaxPrep, Simply Accounting and/or QuickBooks software an asset. 
ScrapedJobID922:
More than 3 years of experience in courseware development. Experience developing courseware using authoring tools such as: Articulate Storyline, Adobe Captivate, Lectora, HTML5. Ability to liaise with Subject Matter experts from: Military/Government/Business. Excellent written and communication skills. Bilingualism (English/French) is an asset. To acquire experience in different critical industries and projects while working for the same company; To have a competitive salary and a great benefits package (dental, life and medical insurance, RRSP matching, sick days, vacation); To access trainings that focus on expanding your knowledge while staying up to date with cutting edge technologies and best practices; To have a clear career development plan that suits your goals; To have the possibility of working abroad through our mobility program thanks to our international presence; To join a dynamic, specialized and fast-growing group where communication is key and where every team member is valued; To be part of a team where having fun is essential (team building events, 5 à 7, Marathon and more!). 
ScrapedJobID923:
Research and Develop new techniques that push the limits of AMD’s hardware Design, document and develop core technologies for GPU-accelerated features and libraries on AMD platforms, including processing for video, audio, virtual reality, augmented reality, 3D rendering, and machine learning Design, develop and integrate various SDKs for video and audio encoding, streaming Bring-up and validation of functionality of new hardware platforms Design and development of test applications to validate hardware and software functionality and quality assurance programs Work with the Open Source community Research and Develop new techniques that push the limits of AMD’s hardware Design, document and develop core technologies for GPU-accelerated features and libraries on AMD platforms, including processing for video, audio, virtual reality, augmented reality, 3D rendering, and machine learning Design, develop and integrate various SDKs for video and audio encoding, streaming Bring-up and validation of functionality of new hardware platforms Design and development of test applications to validate hardware and software functionality and quality assurance programs Work with the Open Source community Experience in IP networking Experience with DirectX 12 or Vulkan graphics APIs. Understanding of audio codecs Android, iOS development experience BS or MS degree in Computer Science, Electric/Computer Engineering 
ScrapedJobID924:

ScrapedJobID925:
Post-secondary degree/diploma in a related field Minimum 2-3 years of progressive office experience Logical critical thinking skills Excellent organizational and time management skills with the ability to deliver outcomes within established deadlines Experience with reporting tools such as Crystal and SQL (query skills, table structure and relational databases) Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite, specifically Excel for document creation and data entry/manipulation Fluent in written and spoken English Resilience – you know how to juggle deadlines and competing demands. When you’re under pressure, you rise to the occasion. A team mindset – you look for ways to pitch in and work well with a variety of personalities. You reach out to peers and cooperate with supervisors to establish an overall positive and collaborative working relationship A positive attitude – our team is a positive, supportive group. When work is challenging, you’ll face it with optimism. Strong organization skills – since this is a busy position with multiple responsibilities, timelines and varying demands, you know how to track everything so that nothing is mishandled. People person – you build strong working relationships with different personalities quickly. People enjoy being around you. Curiosity & Innovation – you generate new and innovative approaches to problems. You ask questions and respectfully challenge current processes. Ability to Deliver the WOW! Factor – you expect personal performance to be nothing short of the best. You exhibit passion and excitement over your work and have a positive can-do attitude. You take ownership of the role and go above and beyond whatever it takes to get the job done! 
ScrapedJobID926:
Own and drive the strategic vision and the technologies required to ensure industry-leading quality engineering and quality assurance delivery of SaaS and on-prem solutions, including API focused development Customer Centricity: advocate for quality, be the voice of the internal and external customer. Ensure the teams implement and follow best practices to prevent defects. Lead Quality Engineering staff to deliver on business needs and strategic vision, including but not limited to a comprehensive automation plan Work side by side with other engineering leaders to enforce a 'test automation first' strategy to test case execution; ensure CI/CD pipeline key integration to drive product quality Establish strong working relationships with the Support organization to ensure quality is measured and maintained once code reaches production Implement performance testing, scalability and security testing practices and methodologies Recommend tools and own their roadmap technologies and processes to improve automation and regression testing as well as automated CI/CD pipelines and release deployment capabilities based on the needs of the engineering teams. Examples of tools are automation frameworks, performance testing frameworks, build status dashboards, release management automation, CI/CD pipelines, etc. Serve as a Quality Engineering and DevOps Automation subject matter expert in processes and methodologies with the ability to adapt and improvise in different situations Recruitment of Quality and DevOps Engineers and ensuring retention of top-talent. Goal setting, monitoring the progress and providing constructive feedback and mentorship to the direct reports Personal support, mentoring, and professional development for SDET and DevOps engineering staff Lead the implementation and rollout of AbacusNext Quality Engineering and DevOps Automation processes and metrics, aligning them with business/customer needs and fast paced company dynamic Define key measurements/metrics to quantify and benchmark Quality and DevOps effectiveness, adjusting processes and tools for continuous improvement Partner with software engineering managers to provide guidance using agile methodologies such as Test-Driven Development, Behavior Driven Development etc. and other Agile techniques Ability to estimate Quality Engineering tasks and participate in Sprint planning Passion for customers. Listens to understand. Asks the right questions. Gets to the heart of the matter and uses that insight to provide value. Expertise in designing and implementing automated testing solutions for enterprise applications across the application layers (i.e., UI, data, and service layers) and to guide engineers to build automation and performance testing friendly code and components Experience with AWS or Azure Services, VM configuration, software installation and creation of testing data Expertise in developing test automation strategy, test automation plans and automated test cases, engaging in exploratory testing, creating, and analyzing defect reports and root cause analysis Experience in identifying performance/load/stress testing needs and planning, using testing tools and analysis of metrics Experience in creating and maintaining test harnesses, stubs, and mock interfaces Experience in performance testing tools Experience with debugging tools such as code debuggers, network sniffers, Fiddler, etc. Experience in monitoring, profiling, and performance-tuning tools Experience with automation (CI/CD), effective monitoring, and infrastructure-as-code Experience defining/gathering requirements for internal tools and automation frameworks Experience in BDD/TDD practices and automation and performance testing in agile methodology is highly desirable Experience working with REST services and understanding of modern cloud architecture Experience in implementing CI/CD, rolling deployment/upgrade model using well known frameworks Experience in automation testing during CI/CD Experience in distributed source control systems such as Git Knowledge of cloud platforms such as AWS or Azure and experience in testing micro-services, containers, dockers is a plus Experience with automation technologies like Terraform, CloudFormation, ARM (Azure Resource Manager), Ansible, SaltStack, Chef, Puppet, or similar is a plus Thinks strategically. Quickly identifies and acts on opportunities. Considers the downstream impact. Seeks to understand the why to improve future outcomes. Focuses on work that matters. Drives performance. Holds self and others accountable. Delivers results first time right. Never settles for status quo. Willing to have tough conversations. Asks for feedback and takes action to improve. Driven, results oriented with exceptional written and verbal communications and presentation skills Demonstrated ability to define and implement a test strategy that encompasses predictability, resources, cost, maturity, and time Demonstrated ability to drive process improvements for CI/CD Experience with modern/industry-leading Test Automation and scaling tools Experience with leading globally distributed Quality and DevOps Engineering team Experience working in matrix environments Strong self-starter, strong analytical and problem-solving skills Bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering, or a related field required. Master’s degree strongly preferred 10+ years of experience in software testing, test automation and performance testing with solid demonstrable understanding of software development and testing practices. 5+ years of experience in leading Quality test automation projects and teams. 5+ years of experience as a DevOps/System Engineer, Architect or Technical lead 3+ years of experience implementing/managing CI/CD pipelines. 5+ yeas of people management experience with 1+ years of managing managers. Indirectly leads team of approximately 5-20 employees 5+ years of hands-on experience in developing and coding automation/performance testing code, coding testing harnesses or frameworks 5+ years’ experience in supporting agile teams in developing all level of tests, such as service test, integration, and functional end-to-end tests, using cutting edge technology (microservices, Docker, Azure, Postman, Test Rails, Visual Studio, Selenium) Experience and working knowledge of manual and automated Smoke and Regression testing best practices Expertise in the usage and testing of frontend frameworks (e.g., Angular, React) 5+ years’ experience leading automated testing of distributed systems, preferably in a SaaS and on-Prem environment using Agile methodology Medical, Dental, Vision, and Life Insurance Flexible PTO Sick Days Professional and Financial Growth Great culture and environment Social, Health, and Wellness Events (now all virtual) Anniversary Gifts Birthday Time Off 
ScrapedJobID927:
Fill an important role in the completion of assurance engagements for a variety of clients directly performing assurance procedures using established processes Review client information and prepare query lists Assist with the completion of personal and corporate income tax returns Prepare client files in a paperless environment A variety of basic analysis on client files Grow your knowledge and professional skill set A base level of accounting knowledge and some experience in PSAB, ASPE, IFRS Good written and verbal communication skills with individuals at all levels Strong analytical skills along with attention to detail and a willingness to learn and develop Ability to work effectively both independently and in a team setting An awareness of, or experience with any of the following software packages, Caseware, specifically JazzIt Statements and Caseview programs; Profile, Sage 300 (ACCPAC), Sage 50 (Simply Accounting) and QuickBooks is valued Eligibility for PEP or PREP is welcomed Good Microsoft Office skills particularly MS Excel 
ScrapedJobID928:
Support, design, develop, enhance, and implement computer application systems and programs. Evaluate the performance of existing computer systems, plan and direct upgrades and improvements, troubleshoot problems / test and resolve issues. Provide recommendations to enhance IT systems and services. Support, administer, configure, and install software and hardware products and systems. Implement new products or upgrades in a network operating system environment by determining the feasibility, the cost / benefit, assessing the impact to all clients. Liaise with clients (including senior management and executive), partners and external vendors to resolve issues and recommend next steps. Develop, evaluate and test new technologies. Responsible for providing 24/7 first tier management and support. Provide access to all IT network services. Responsible for ensuring changes to the IT infrastructure. Responsible for Configuration Management. Computer Science Network Security Telecommunications Engineering Underfill – no experience requirement. Underfill – no experience requirement. Collaboration Tools Analyst: Sharepoint and or Microsoft Exchange Network Operations Centre Analyst: the monitoring, support and management of computing and telecommunication networks including their security. Certifications in Cisco Certified Network Admin (CCNA), Microsoft Certified Systems Admin (MCSE) and ITIL Foundation certification are considered assets. Access Management Analyst: Active Directory and/or eDirectory tools, processes and best practices for the administration of group membership, permissions and policies relating to network, file, print and application provisioning. Change / Release Management Analyst: IT infrastructure components (networks, systems, applications, and storage), ITIL (certification an asset), IT Change Management / Coordination and/or Release Management / Coordination toolset(s) or technologies. Configuration Management Analyst: IT infrastructure components (networks, systems, applications, and storage); ITIL (certification an asset), good knowledge of relational databases and SQL language, experience in configuration management and with configuration management toolset(s) or technologies. Network / Communications Specialist: CISCO, Certified Cisco Network Admin (CCNA, MCITP, CCNP), TCIP, IPSec, SNMP, OSPF, VoIP systems. Telephony Communications Specialist: CS1000/Meridian TDM Telephone system, Telephony Manager, Nortel / Avaya voice messaging systems, Call Pilot and legacy Meridian Mail voice messaging systems, Avaya Aura Communication Manager, Session Manager, System Manager and Messaging, ISDN, SIP and H.323, LINUX operating system, Routing, VLAN’s, Tandberg video conferencing systems, etc.). Server & Storage Specialist: Network based storage infrastructure, LAN/SAN storage devices, HP 3Par or similar Enterprise Storage Management, Fiber Channel networking, ISCSI. Client Liaison Officers: IT help desk, ITIL, Kaseya, ConnectWise, ITIL knowledge. Problem Management Analyst: Infrastructure components (networks, systems, applications, storage); ITIL framework and the ITIL problem management process; ITIL knowledge. Quality Assurance Analyst: IT infrastructure components (networks, systems, applications, and storage), functional, quality and/or load testing, function and quality toolset(s), technologies and/or methodologies. Enterprise Management Tools Analyst: IT infrastructure components (networks, systems, applications and storage), ITIL (certification an asset), IT enterprise tool administration and configuration, IT service management and/or tools / technologies and scripting languages (e.g., Shell scripting, VB scripting, etc.). IT Security Analyst: IT infrastructure components (networks, systems, applications, and storage), IT security principles and related methodologies, IT security technologies. Adaptability / Flexibility Interpersonal Skills Organizational Skills / Multitasking Problem Solving Analytical Skills 
ScrapedJobID929:
Prepare timely and accurate GAAP financial statements, board reporting, budgets, and KPIs of operating companies to drive growth and smart decision-making Perform quality assurance on finance and accounting work product (e.g., reviewing GL postings for accuracy, monitoring revenue recognition, refining variance explanations in reporting, etc.) Contribute to the operational performance of operating companies through analysis of budget-to-actuals, operational revenue and expense analysis, and insights that further facilitate decision making Support the operational / financial integration of acquisitions and implement financial initiatives contemplated in M&A business cases Development of ad hoc reports Document Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) to promote best practices and efficiency across the portfolio Provide financial advice and guidance to business as requested Minimum of 3 years of experience in a finance/accounting role College degree in business, accounting, or finance will be preferred Accounting designation or working towards a designation preferred Solid working knowledge of accounting principles and practices Experience with Sage Intacct and/or Quickbooks is definitely an asset Excellent attention to detail and ability to manage multiple priorities Highly motivated and energetic with interest in entrepreneurship, software, and finance 
ScrapedJobID930:
Review product requirements and other technical documentation to ensure testability and completeness Define and document the test strategy and integration/system test cases for new features. Review and validate completed work from Scrum teams for every sprint on QA integration environment by performing End to End, Exploratory, Integration, System and UAT tests Develop test cases using Selenium and REST Assured, in a Linux or Microsoft Windows environment, for our Web Application (user interface) and our middle tier RESTful endpoints Execute manual and automated test cases on a regular basis, measuring and analyzing code coverage over time Perform Production Verification Testing Collaborate closely with other teams to analyze and resolve issues Contribute to the continuous improvement of our test automation framework and quality assurance processes Guide and mentor junior members of the team Good oral and written communication skills 5+ years of experience with testing Enterprise software in a Client/Server or Web environment, focusing on Security, Performance, RESTful APIs, and Web Application testing 3+ years of experience developing automated functional tests Solid test plan and test case writing skill A degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent Self-motivated, independent, detail orientated, and responsible team-player Bonuses Experience with VMWare, Windows, and Linux operating systems Show us how your analytic ability, experience, and ability to think like a user help you create test strategies and cases that ensure our product quality is top notch Experience with Confluence, JIRA, Jenkins, Test Management for Jira (Zephyr Scale), REST Assured and Selenium WebDriver Experience with cloud environment such as AWS or Azure Experience with Micro services testing 
ScrapedJobID931:
Develop and execute test cases (both manual and automated) Analyze results and record defects and issue reports Write BDD (Behavior Driven Development)-style automation tests to validate software functionality and identify errors/non-compliance Participate in the development of the Python/Selenium GUI and/or API automation framework Transition manual tests to automated tests using our coding standards while working with other team members to help expand test coverage Participate in code reviews and update accordingly to our coding standards Implement innovative ideas that create efficiencies and increase quality. Strong analytical, organizational, problem-solving, and written communication skills Excellent knowledge of software quality and testing methodologies Working knowledge of the Linux Operating System Well versed in creating automated test cases in test systems and frameworks Experience with IDEs such as PyCharm, VSCode, PHPStorm, IntelliJ IDEA Familiar with Gherkin/Cucumber within Python Familiar with API testing (REST, SOAP, etc.) Good understanding of web technologies e.g., HTML, Angular, JavaScript, CSS, PHP Familiar with the Atlassian toolset (Jira, Bitbucket, Xray, Confluence, etc.) Familiar with Software Control Management tools (Git, Gitlab, Bitbucket, etc.) Strong oral and written communication skills Familiar with the Atlassian toolset (e.g., Jira, Bitbucket, Xray, Confluence, etc.) Familiar with Software Control Management tools (e.g., Git, Gitlab, Bitbucket, etc.) Strong oral and written communication skills Software development background with a strong QA focus Working knowledge and experience with Python 3 Working knowledge of Selenium WebDriver Ability to work independently and even better at working as part of a team Attention to detail and high level of accuracy Experience with Jenkins, Docker, and AWS Experience with security testing (OWASP Top 10). Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or equivalent CS experience. 
ScrapedJobID932:
or equivalent experience Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Relocation costs covered by employer Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID933:
Create courier labels efficiently and accurately. Data entry to the windows based software. Assists with inventory control, including receiving, stocking, making labels and keeping records Checks and unloads incoming shipments at a warehouse Inspects the goods received to ensure their quality Stores or stocks the items in their appropriate places. Examine and unpack incoming shipments; record shortages and reject damaged items Assists with inventory control, including receiving, stocking, making labels and keeping records Maintain freezer packs in sufficient quantity and quality to ensure temperature controlled shipping Operate lift truck or pump truck from shipping and receiving platform to storage area Trace and track shipments to ensure timely delivery. Responsible for monitoring the returns process Sort, count, identify, verify and track all material by utilizing the to maintain accurate inventory records Participates in quality assurance activities as directed Performs general housekeeping duties in the warehouse Works with Pharmacy Operations Manager regarding any performance management issues or concerns Assembles, labels and provides supplies as required under specific contracts Performs other duties as assigned High school diploma or equivalent. Experience in working in a fast paced environment with tight deadlines 
ScrapedJobID934:
or equivalent experience Certified information security systems practitioner (CISSP) Consulting firm Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Attention to detail Tight deadlines Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits 
ScrapedJobID935:
Act as technology evangelist, driving team and company to engineering excellence Overseas the design development of software applications to ensure it is meeting the desired maturity level Establish engineering standards/practices covering areas such as Agile health including artifacts, backlog, etc Code quality including code analysis, code review, unit test, technical debt, etc Quality assurance including test strategy, process automation, etc DevOps including CI/CD, release process and operational support Establish metrics to measure/monitor the defined standards/practices and make necessary adjustment from time to time Experience of delivering projects in an Agile environment such as Kanban, Scrum BS degree in an associated field or other advanced certification along with equivalent experience 8+ years of experience in a technical leadership / professional software engineering leadership capacity Excellent communication and articulation skills and ability to own a room full of executives Confident decision maker with proven experience in communicating and influencing with key stakeholders Deep experience with Java and Enterprise technologies Experience in working with offshore resources Telecommunication industry experience is preferred Extended Healthcare with Prescription Drugs, Dental and Vision Insurance (Company Paid) Life and AD&D Insurance (Company Paid) Employee Assistance Program (Company Paid) Unlimited access to LinkedIn learning solutions Long-Term Disability Registered Retirement Savings Plan (RRSP) with company match Paid Time Off Critical Illness Insurance Employee Discounts 
ScrapedJobID936:
Manage the data entry process within Salesforce ensuring the accuracy and security of the data; perform updates on a regular basis or at the user's request, and maintaining the integrity of the data. Support quality assurance and control procedures; analyze, assess, and verify for accuracy of information. Assist in the preparation of reports and documentation related to Salesforce or to the data itself; as well as the preparation of dashboards for Salesforce. Participate in the redesign of the CRM for graduate programs; attend meetings and assist in documenting the needs of the programs. Provide support for effective records management by assisting in the development of policies and procedures. Promote records management principles, develop training materials, and provide training and ongoing support to the Masters Office and Career Services staff. 
ScrapedJobID937:
collaborate with Senior Business Analyst in coordinating deployments, upgrades and User Acceptance Testing and managing inventory of software used in the Analytic Environment provide system administration and quality assurance for systems used in the Analytic Environment respond to internal and external queries and ad hoc requests for specific analysis, training and support support Chair of Data Working Committee in planning and coordinating meetings and keeping notes/minutes investigate trends and irregularities to identify causes and options for consideration that are then assessed by more senior colleagues provide helpline services to internal and external clients; e.g. financial institutions develop return templates used for reporting financial data and create associated validation rules familiarity with analytic tools, e.g., MATLAB, Python, R Language, FAME Business Analysis certification through a recognized learning organization Language requirement: English and French essential (bilingual) with a minimum starting level of functional (level 4) in second official language. Training may be provided to help reach the required level of fully functional (level 5) in second official language. Priority will be given to Canadian citizens and permanent residents Security level required: Reliability There will be no relocation assistance provided Please save a copy of the job poster. Once the closing date has passed, it will no longer be available. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic and further to public health guidelines, preventative measures are being taken to ensure health and safety during the recruitment process. All interviews are conducted virtually. Hybrid Work Model: The Bank is moving towards a hybrid working model which will allow most employees to telework up to 50 percent of the time, balanced over a two-week period. Salaries are based on qualifications and experience and typically range from $64,705 to $76,125 (job grade 14) Depending on performance, you may be eligible for performance pay for successfully meeting (5 to 7% of your base salary) or for exceeding expectations (10% of your base salary). Exceptional performers who far exceed expectations may be eligible for higher performance pay. Flexible and comprehensive benefits so you can choose the level of health and dental coverage that meets your needs Extra vacation days (up to five each year) that you can purchase to add to your vacation entitlement Option to join the indexed, defined-benefit pension plan after 24 consecutive months of service #LI-POST 
ScrapedJobID938:
Ability to understand/follow Written and Verbal Work Instructions Good mathematical, analytical and organizational skills Able to perform various computer functions (Microsoft Office, Production Software) Able to safely operate all Material Handling Equipment (Crane & Counter-balance Forklift) in assigned area of responsibility. Safely operates production equipment using palm stations, light curtains and safety mats and performs all duties in a safe manner in accordance with the safety policies of Karmax. Performs general equipment maintenance functions such as cleaning and basic mechanical and safety checks. Correctly tag parts and carriers and accept stamp, sign and date them. Conduct visual quality assurance inspections to identify defective material, documenting results using Statistical Process Control. Assist with equipment changes and machine adjustments (e.g. die changes). Monitors records and documents data in written form or by means of a computer. Overtime pay Dental care Disability insurance Discounted or free food Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Profit sharing RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Overtime No 
ScrapedJobID939:
Reviewing and revising testing procedures Conducting inspection checks Performing manual and automated quality checks Documenting and reporting safety and quality infringements to the QA manager Advising on procedures to improve production efficiency A minimum of 1 year experience in a similar role Experience with writing and enforcing standard operating procedures (SOPs) Strong analytical and mathematics skills Excellent attention to detail Extensive knowledge of automated testing software 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Night shift No 
ScrapedJobID940:
Bonus pay Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Vision care Monday to Friday Have you independently facilitated requirement gathering meetings and scoping activities (project sizing/estimation) to achieve sign off, and proceed to schedule the successful implementation of the initiative/project? Bachelor's Degree (preferred) account management: 5 years (required) No 
ScrapedJobID941:
Company events Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Work from home Monday to Friday Technical Recruitment: 1 year (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID942:
Prendre en charge le développement et la coordination des projets terrain; Travailler de pair avec la directrice artistique pour amener la réalisation des projets à leurs livraison dans les temps; Travailler de pair avec le directeur des opérations pour optimiser le fonctionnement journalier. Faciliter la communication et le partage d'information entre les membres de l'équipe liés aux jeux événementiels; Créer et mettre à jour continuellement le calendrier de livraison et les tâches qui y sont reliées pour mener à terme le projet dans les délais; Assurer un suivi constant avec le product owner et les clients sur chacune des étapes du projet et les livrables; Être capable de travailler à la fois au studio et sur le terrain; Être à l'aise avec les contraintes du travail en milieu événementiel, notamment pendant les montages/démontages; Faire des suivis constants avec la coordonnatrice terrain/studio qui sera sur place lors des événements pour superviser le staff/hôtes/clients/public. Apprentissage constant de l'aspect technique et technologique impliqués dans les divers projets. Recherches variées au niveau du transport pour les divers produits nécessaires. Assurer un suivi rigoureux des coûts, de la logistique et du contenu du projet et proposer des améliorations et des adaptations d'un ou plusieurs concepts d'installation afin d'optimiser les coûts, la qualité et les délais; Sélectionner les principaux fournisseurs de l'entreprise en accord avec les objectifs établis de la production; Apporter un support dans l'évaluation et la sélection des principaux sous-traitants et prestataires de l’entreprise; Évaluer au quotidien les besoins techniques de l’entreprise. Formation en gestion de projet Au moins 3 années d’expérience en gestion de projets. Connaissance du logiciel JIRA Communiquer avec tact et efficacité Bonne gestion des tâches et des priorités Très forte attention aux détails Projet engageant et innovant ; Capacité à faire entendre sa voix au sein de l'entreprise, compte tenu de la taille réduite de nos équipes ; Grande possibilité d'évolution de carrière au sein de l'entreprise dans notre studio en pleine croissance ; Assurance de groupe ; Environnement de travail agréable et dynamique ; Studio situé dans la charmante Petite Italie de Montréal ; Excellent esprit d'équipe ; Take charge of the development and coordination of field projects; Work with the Art Director to bring projects to completion on time; Work with the Director of Operations to optimize daily operations. Facilitate communication and information sharing between team members related to event gaming; Create and continuously update the delivery schedule and related tasks to complete the project on time; Continuously follow up with the product owner and clients on each step of the project and deliverables; Be able to work both in the studio and in the field; Be comfortable with the constraints of working in an event environment, especially during set-up and tear-down; Constantly follow up with the field/studio coordinator who will be on site during the events to supervise the staff/hosts/clients/public. Constantly learning the technical and technological aspects involved in the various projects. Various research on transportation for the necessary products. Closely monitor costs, logistics and project content and propose improvements and adaptations to one or more installation concepts in order to optimize costs, quality and deadlines; Select key suppliers in accordance with established production objectives; Support in the evaluation and selection of the company's main subcontractors and service providers; Evaluate the company's technical needs on a daily basis. Training in project management At least 3 years experience in project management. Knowledge of JIRA software Tactful and effective communicator Good tasks and priorities management Strong attention to detail Engaging and innovative project; Ability to have a voice within the company considering our smaller teams; High possibility of career growth within the company amongst our growing studio; Group Insurance; Fun and dynamic work environment; Studio located in Montreal’s charming Little Italy; Great team spirit; Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vision Événements d'Entreprise Tenue Décontractée 8 Heures Du Lundi au Vendredi Baccalauréat (Souhaité) Gestion de projet: 3 ans (Souhaité) 
ScrapedJobID943:
Programming mills and lathes by entering instructions, including zero and reference points; setting tool registers, offsets, compensation, and conditional switches; calculating requirements, including basic math, geometry, and trigonometry; proving part programs. Verifying settings by measuring positions, first-run parts, and production pieces. Maintaining specifications by observing drilling, grooving, and cutting, including turning, facing, knurling and thread chasing operations; taking measurements; detecting malfunctions; troubleshooting processes; adjusting and reprogramming controls; sharpening and replacing worn tools; adhering to quality assurance procedures and Saving CNC program on dedicated CNC network drive after the program has been proven acceptable. Maintaining safe operations by adhering to safety procedures and regulations. Follow direction of shop leadership. Comply with company policy and procedure manuals. Ensure machines and work areas are cleaned and maintained. A provincial machinist trade qualification, Machinist Red Seal or equivalent is an asset. Must be able to interpret drawings and documentation. Must have knowledge of machine shop equipment. Experience with Mastercam CNC operating software. Should be able to provide Technical Support with CNC Milling & Turning machines, and Fanuc controls. Proficient with different technical software for advanced 3D Modelling, shape and design. Advanced knowledge with Microsoft Operating System Windows 10. Ability to perform work accurately and thoroughly. Ability to use thinking and reasoning to solve a problem. High attention to detail and self-motivation skills. Bonus pay Extended health care 10 hour shift Machinist: 5 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID944:
Assures consistent quality and high confidence level in food safety of all products Assures GMP and timely response to non-compliant products Assures data collection, data management and analysis Meets or exceeds KPIs Conduct and participate in the development of HACCP Plans and Preventive Controls. Lead in program implementation Update and maintain HACCP and preventive Control Programs, and related policies and procedures. Establish management and control systems to maintain compliance with quality systems and regulatory compliance. Support annual assessment of Preventive Control and HACCP Programs. Update SOPs and forms as necessary resulting from HACCP reassessment and program changes. Conduct internal audit and support with external audits and inspections (BRC, Customer, CFIA). Verify HACCP/Preventive Control Program documents and procedures, including onsite verifications Identify and resolve HACCP/Preventive Control Non-compliant issue in a timely manner. Provide recommendations for quality improvement, corrective actions, and preventative measures Support facility in conducting traceability exercises Organize and conduct training in HACCP & GMP, food safety and quality policies and procedures. Understand Standard Operating Procedures and Inspection Regulations. Collaborate with Maintenance and other departments and assist Quality Assurance Manager in backing-up QA Department Other duties as assigned. Exemplify the DFF values of People, Safety, Integrity, Quality, and Customer Focus Adhere to and promote Company procedures at all times All other duties as assigned Provide and maintain a safe working environment for all employees and visiting customers Work with the team towards achieve zero lost time and medical incidents Adhere to rules, regulations, and labour as per the sites on OH&S Minimum 2 years of experience as a QA Technician or HACCP Coordinator in a food processing facility or manufacturing environment. University degree and/or diploma in a Science related program (Chemistry, Biochemistry, Food Science, Microbiology or Biological Sciences) Knowledge in general quality and food safety principles Knowledge of HACCP and other Food Safety Programs Excellent verbal and written communication skills Proficient in using various types of computer software (Word, Excel, Outlook etc.) Ability to write policies and procedures Ability to manage and coordinate multiple projects in a fast-paced environment Ability to work well with others & independently Time management and organization skills Ability to work in a refrigerated environment Sitting and standing for extended periods of time Typically works Monday to Friday with some weekend requirements Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID945:
Collaborate with business teams, technology teams, and external partners to align work to our product roadmap and communicate customer and business value across the company Optimize efficiency in a constantly evolving environment where creative, validated solutions are expected Leverage data (quantitative and qualitative) to make informed decisions, define meaningful success criteria, and maximize product value iteratively Work in partnership with the Product Design and Technology teams to build user-centric, user tested solutions through product discovery practices Execute against Product Roadmaps and Release Plans by owning, prioritizing, and maintaining the Product Backlog, including definition of features, user stories, and acceptance criteria Collaborate with Solution architect and Development leads to refine the Product Backlog to ensure that team deliverables meet agreed-upon standards for quality in addition to the stated business outcome Promote and drive Agile development methodology throughout the development cycle, providing direction and support to development and quality assurance teams Define and analyze metrics to measure and benchmark product success Promote product best practices and community empowerment within our Product Design and Development team You have the opportunity to be a part of an award winning, fast growing company Our innovative culture promotes on-going learning opportunities with training and mentorship A new and vibrant office environment and remote working capability Competitive compensation package commensurate to experience plus benefits A minimum of 5 years experience as a Product Owner or Associate Product Manager Experience working both independently and, in a team,-oriented, collaborative environment is essential. A high agency individual with the ability to appropriately assess the need for independent decision-making versus leadership escalation. Experience with Agile principles and development methodologies Proficient with the use of Jira and Confluence, or equivalent ticket management software PSPO, CSPO or CSP-PO certification(s) considered an asset. Demonstrated ability to work with IT teams to achieve business goals. Excellent communications skills at all levels within an organization and with external
stakeholders Ability to facilitate collaboration through working groups and workshops. Energy, passion, and commitment to drive to results in a challenging, fast-paced 
ScrapedJobID946:
The candidate must have a high level expertise in leading teams technically and working with diverse teams and individuals while maintaining a positive and inspirational attitude (QA team members, other teams, users, clients, third party suppliers). Proven experience in developing tests using Java-Selenium code Develop and enhance Automation Framework Developing scripts for Automated Testing of Front End Applications Executing automated builds on scheduled and adhoc basis Make recommendations for improving the systems and apps testing Experienced working with a broad range of software applications, hardware and networks Excellent understanding of business, and business requirements Review and analyze system and application specifications Ability to think abstractly and see how small details fit into a bigger picture, deconstruct and construct again Have a creative mindset and show ability to approach a problem creatively Ability to use logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weakness of a given system or application Strong programming knowledge in Java-Selenium coding, both writing and executing Experience in Bitbucket or other source code management tools Expertise in utilizing Jenkins for remote execution on Desktops and Laptops Experience with Behaviour Driven Development (BDD) methodology Implement the bank’s Quality Assurance policies and procedures Document Quality Assurance activities and create audit reports where required Create training manuals and operating manuals Document test results and disseminate the information to responsible parties Excellent multitasking skills. Ability to work in a fast-changing environment and deliver high quality results Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does Onsite cafeteria We offer a competitive total rewards package that includes a base salary, a performance bonus, company matching programs (on pension & profit sharing), generous vacation, personal & sick days, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID947:
Examiner et analyser les besoins et exigences des projets ou des clients : requis du client, standards et normes législatives et locales; Examiner les ‘concepts de fonctionnement’ candidats, proposer les solutions et identifier les risques ou opportunités liés aux solutions proposées; Examiner et analyser les données techniques et les concepts opérationnels afin d’établir les exigences dérivées du système et sous-systèmes, préparer une architecture qui s'harmonise avec tous les domaines techniques pertinents des équipes d'ingénierie, des partenaires et fournisseurs; Préparer les documents et les plans conceptuels du système; Communiquer les exigences dérivées des composantes en collaboration avec les équipes spécialisées responsables de la réalisation; Voir à l’intégration, la certification et la qualification du système en étroite collaboration avec le client; Appliquer les processus d’ingénierie en place afin d’assurer la traçabilité des exigences et la qualité du système. Assurance Dentaire Assurance Maladie Complémentaire REER Collectif 8 Heures DEC (Souhaité) Oui 
ScrapedJobID948:
Able to work within a wide range of industries performing research, data analysis and modeling to solve complex business problems Comfortable working in an ambiguous environment with competing deadlines and rapidly evolving client needs and conditions Able to communicate effectively (both written and verbal) with creative ability to conceptualize and articulate new approaches and solutions. Has 1-3 years experience French and English language working proficiency is required for placement at the Montreal office Government Security clearance eligibility is an asset Legally eligible to work in Canada and able to enter the USA to work on client assignments Experienced with technical design and software development, considered an asset You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID949:
Must have experience in a production-oriented environment. Grade 12 education preferred, further education a definite asset. Familiarity with TS 16949 /ISO 14001 requirements with emphasis on those relating to inspections, non-conforming goods, and product identification/traceability preferred. Blueprint reading knowledge required. Must be team oriented and have excellent communication skills. Must have excellent organizational skills. Computer skills a definite asset. Must have and maintain an appropriate and valid Ontario Driver's license. Perform audits on products received, in process or finished to established quality requirements and document on appropriate check sheets. Detailed duties include:
performance and documentation of 1st Off inspections per/on established in process check sheet
sign off on employee job sheets indicating 1st Off approval
performance and documentation of in process inspections per criteria and frequency listed on established check sheets
performance and documentation of final inspections per guidelines as listed on final inspection check sheets
ensuring that all quality records generated as a result of the above actions are completed legibly and filed away or routed to the appropriate location performance and documentation of 1st Off inspections per/on established in process check sheet sign off on employee job sheets indicating 1st Off approval performance and documentation of in process inspections per criteria and frequency listed on established check sheets performance and documentation of final inspections per guidelines as listed on final inspection check sheets ensuring that all quality records generated as a result of the above actions are completed legibly and filed away or routed to the appropriate location Ensure that nonconforming product is handled as per the Nonconforming Material Procedure Detailed duties include:
ensure that processes producing nonconforming product are stopped until such time as the process is investigated and resolved by the appropriate personnel
ensure that all nonconforming product is identified with a Hold for Inspection tag, segregated from conforming product and logged in the appropriate Material System.
assist with the dispositioning of Nonconforming product including the carrying out of actions relating to dispositioning matters as necessary
issuance and communication of Quality Alerts to the floor for the purposes of a rework instruction and/or heightened awareness.
ensuring that sort sheets are issued to the floor and completed when directed to do so, submission of these on a daily basis to QA Mgr. or assistant
submission of weekly reports of subcontractor nonconformance to QA Mgr. or designate as required. ensure that processes producing nonconforming product are stopped until such time as the process is investigated and resolved by the appropriate personnel ensure that all nonconforming product is identified with a Hold for Inspection tag, segregated from conforming product and logged in the appropriate Material System. assist with the dispositioning of Nonconforming product including the carrying out of actions relating to dispositioning matters as necessary issuance and communication of Quality Alerts to the floor for the purposes of a rework instruction and/or heightened awareness. ensuring that sort sheets are issued to the floor and completed when directed to do so, submission of these on a daily basis to QA Mgr. or assistant submission of weekly reports of subcontractor nonconformance to QA Mgr. or designate as required. Completion of all training activities per the Quality Assurance Coordinator Checklist when directed to do so. Assist with training activities of floor personnel when these relate to Quality initiatives/requirements. Daily completion and submission of Daily Reports to QA Mgr., Assistant QA Mgr., and others as required. Assisting with the implementation of and ensuring compliance to Quality initiatives released to the floor via continuous improvement, Corrective Actions, Preventative Actions etc... Assist with the identification of Continuous Improvement opportunities as well as with necessary corrections to current practices and/or documentation. Assist with product development, trial run and PPAP initiatives as specified by QAM. Maintain communications with Shift Supervisor on product quality conditions and employee quality performance. General Duties as required
Assist in the development of documents including work instructions/procedures/forms.
Perform administrative functions as required; ie. inputting of information into appropriate Quality software.
Attend and provide input into TS 16949 /Quality meetings.
Other duties as assigned by the Quality Assurance Manager or Assistant Quality Manager. Assist in the development of documents including work instructions/procedures/forms. Perform administrative functions as required; ie. inputting of information into appropriate Quality software. Attend and provide input into TS 16949 /Quality meetings. Other duties as assigned by the Quality Assurance Manager or Assistant Quality Manager. 
ScrapedJobID950:
Experience building rich web applications using modern JavaScript frameworks. Capable of breaking down large projects into small pieces Committed to delivering high quality, well-tested code Familiar with a unit-testing framework such as Jest, Mocha, or Qunit Committed to building products that everyone can use Effective collaboration skills — able to communicate with managers, designers, back-end engineers, UI-engineer peers, quality-assurance testers, and your UX peers. Able to balance multiple goals — privacy, performance, maintainability, and more — to deliver a high-quality product in a short time-frame Enjoy learning new skills and technologies Full-stack development experience is helpful but not required 
ScrapedJobID951:
Quebec City QC / Remote Work Travel Required Must be Bilingual NDT VT2, UT L2, MP L2, ET Required Advantageous salary, according to union grid Group insurance Salary insurance paid by the company Retirement Savings Plans Parental leave Must have the following certifications from Natural Resources Canada's non-destructive certification agency VT2 according to CSA W178.1 Level 2 in Magnetic Particle Level 2 in Ultrasonic Testing (asset) Level 2 in Penetrant Testing (asset) Recognized as an exposure device operator certified by the Canadian Nuclear Safety Commission would be an asset; Must be able to read, understand and follow work instructions in a safe, accurate and timely manner. Candidates must be proficient in different types of computer software (Word, Excel. PowerPoint, and Outlook). Proven ability to manage and coordinate multiple projects in a dynamic and highly professional environment. Candidates must demonstrate excellent verbal and written communication skills, including grammar and composition. Ability to work well with others and independently. Proven time management skills and attention to detail; work well under pressure. Québec QC / Travail à distance Voyage requis Doit être bilingue NDT VT2, UT L2, MP L2, ET requis Salaire avantageux, selon grille syndicale Assurances collectives Assurance salaire payée par l’entreprise Plans d’épargne-retraite Doit posséder les certifications suivantes de l'agence de certification non destructive de Ressources naturelles Canada VT2 selon CSA W178.1 Niveau 2 en particules magnétiques Niveau 2 en test par ultrasons (atout) Niveau 2 en ressuage (atout) Reconnu comme opérateur d'appareil d'exposition certifié par la Commission canadienne de sûreté nucléaire serait un atout; Doit être capable de lire, comprendre et suivre les instructions de travail d'une manière sûre, précise et opportune. Les candidats doivent maîtriser différents types de logiciels informatiques (Word, Excel. PowerPoint et Outlook). Aptitude avérée à gérer et à coordonner plusieurs projets dans un environnement dynamique et hautement professionnel. Les candidats doivent démontrer d'excellentes compétences en communication verbale et écrite, y compris la grammaire et la composition. Capacité à bien travailler avec les autres et de manière indépendante. Compétences avérées en gestion du temps et grand souci du détail ; fonctionne bien sous pression. 
ScrapedJobID952:
Analyze the functional specifications Understand key banking systems to determine the extent of changes required Evaluate and make design decisions Prepare technical design document for large or complex projects Prepare technical design documents in accordance with internal and external best practices Organize design meetings and obtain required permissions Prepare the estimates of the efforts required for the design, programming and unit tests Design, coding and debugging of complex programs Manage all programming efforts regardless of complexity Adheres to internal standards for programming information systems Make sure that programs are written as accurately and efficiently as possible Apply the new features and the latest updates available in the programming language Participate in the construction of detailed test instruction documents for the Quality Assurance group Recommend the best possible method to develop new applications faster by keeping abreast of new frameworks and best practices. Finding, defining and correcting reported program issues Analyze and resolve the root causes of system problems Identify weaknesses and improve the reliability of the code Communication of the status of major projects to the software development manager or the project manager Provide weekly updates on the status of major projects Consult the manager on design decisions and constraints Recommend new policies or procedures Provide technical support and training to personnel responsible for systems Act as a point of contact to answer questions concerning all aspects (or all components) of the system Attend meetings and workshops with users and business analysts Provide mentoring to less junior software developers Evaluate supplier or subcontractor solutions Recommend the best supplier solution University education in computer science or a related field 6+ years of experience Very good knowledge of .Net, C #, FetchXML, JQuery / AJAX, Javascript, SOAP languages Good knowledge of MVC (version used MVC 6) Good knowledge of CRM technology Good knowledge of TFS, Visual Studio, Office suite Good knowledge of SQL Server, SSRS databases Ability to work under pressure (incidents, short deadlines and several files at the same time) Ability to communicate easily with users Ability to work in a team and in a collaborative mode Analytical skills and demonstrated ability in problem solving Autonomy, pro activity in handling requests Dynamic and results-oriented Concern for a job well done and meeting deadlines Sense of responsibility Bilingualism (English and French, oral and written) Knowledge of Knockout Knowledge of Moment.JS, Spinner.JS Knowledge of SharePoint Knowledge of Razor Microsoft Dynamics CRM certification Knowledge of CRM system infrastructure Knowledge of MS Active Directory 
ScrapedJobID953:
Design complete electrical controls for new equipment PLC and HMI programming  Create electrical drawings Machine wiring Trouble shoot equipment, identify and fix problems Test equipment to make sure it performs according to specifications. Evaluate machine functioning and propose improvements as required. Analyze customer requirements and specifications  Support customers (phone, and in person) on the operation and troubleshooting of equipment When necessary, travel to customer sites to setup and repair equipment Solve and facilitate customer service issues as they arise Answer customer telephone calls and email messages in order to offer them the necessary support for product and service related questions and requests Document all pertinent information related to technical support Perform duties related to special project as required. Very fluent in English (oral and written) and good working knowledge of French DEC (mechanical/electrical) minimum education / Vocational or technical training Mechanical and electrical aptitudes are necessary Ability to read engineering drawings 5 years experience in programming PLC’s and HMI’s Meticulous and detail oriented Able to work with little guidance alone as well as in a team Shows initiative and drive and willing to learn and grow with the company Good communicator Knowledge of electrical drawing software Knowledge of packaging lines or related equipment is an asset Good knowledge of MS Office is an asset Assurance Dentaire Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise Stationnement sur place Tenue Décontractée 8 Heures DEC (Souhaité) programming PLC and HMI's: 5 ans (Souhaité) Non 
ScrapedJobID954:
Participate in the development of detailed design documents to meet development methodology and increase application maintainability Develop and unit test moderate to complex programs/modules according to specific business and design requirements Deliver on enhancements/product progression projects on time and on budget per project plan Provide support and enhancements to existing production applications to minimize outage time and increase effectiveness of business Provide support and maintenance of existing applications Liaise with architects, Business Analysts, and Project Managers to define software requirements; and to assess feasibility of solution within time constraints Produce code that is secure, reliable, reusable and scalable Contribute in the evaluation of code and database design, system structure, interface between hardware and software, operational and performance requirements of overall system Develop software, conduct unit testing, and work with the project team to assist in user testing Create implementation instructions/documentation and support application deployments Work with the project team to review problems, define and test solutions Coordinate development activities of developers within the group Coordinate work and manage work distribution among members of the group Facilitate knowledge transfer as a SME Mentor team members and support their development. Participate in application code reviews/walkthroughs to ensure accuracy in relation to business requirements and development guidelines 6+ years of hands-on experience in OOAD, Service Oriented Architecture and Web-based development. 6+ years experience of ASP .NET, C#, and .Net Framework 1.1 to 4.5. 2+ years experience of Web API .NET Core 2.0. 2+ years experience of Angular 5 to 10 or Javascript is a nice to have 6+ years experience of SQL/TSQL for MS SQL Sever Experience in designing, developing and implementing enterprise-grade solutions including models, documents, and plans Experience of one of the unit testing frameworks like xUnit, nUnit or SpecFlow Experience of one of the mocking frameworks like MOQ or Fakes. Experience of one of the DI framework like Castle, Unity or AutoFac An appreciation of end-user needs, requirements and ability to see the big picture BS or MS in Computer Science or Engineering, or equivalent industry experience 1+ years’ experience across the full Dynamics 365 (CRM) implementation lifecycle with deep experience across the Sales, Marketing and Customer Service modules and preferably also Field and Project Services 
ScrapedJobID955:
Plans, organizes, and evaluates the activities and operations of ERP and associated technology, in collaboration with management. Writes technology and SOPs and work instructions and maintains the master documents in a filing system that ensures retrieval when necessary. Review ERP issues with various departments and assist in determining potential impact based on knowledge of application. Becomes corporate ‘super user’ of ERP system specifically in manufacturing aspect at both 340 Huronia Road and 85 Morrow Road locations. Provide input on corrective measure to be taken and provide clarification on technology requirements with external clients (i.e., ERP). Track and maintain all records for pricing and costing from an internal auditing perspective with periodic checking including evaluation of process and approval procedures. Working with and out of both locations, provide support functions for systems for all personnel. Responsible for scheduling necessary upgrades, creating/modifying test methods as required and maintaining maintenance schedule for in-house applications. Coordinate and conduct internal Technology audits. Review activities and process outputs. Develops and maintains project plans to support all technology and Administration activities. Working with Manager, populate WIKI with ERP training information to assist with transitioning of and into various roles and (cross) training aspects. Provide support to and be a go to level 1 support specifically for the sales team. Provide ‘help-desk” type for “level 2” escalated issues for the ERP system (level 1 is resolved by the area supervisor/manager or “expert on the floor”; level 3 goes to our ERP contact) Backup resource for other ERP superusers in various departments. Maintains complete knowledge of and compiles with company and departmental polices, procedures and standards. Maintains client and company confidence by keeping information confidential and secure. Maintains a positive working relationship with team members and management in a team environment. Sets-up and organize individual work area with designated supplies, forms and resource materials while maintaining cleanliness at all times. Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program 8 hour shift Monday to Friday system administration: 1 year (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID956:
We're a diverse and growing team from around the world. We build best-in-class beautiful, functional products that our customers love. Our marketing platform is competing with the biggest companies in the marketing software industry. We have a big vision for the future of visual intelligence. We want you to be part of it. Our current stack includes: Vue.js, Python, Flask, Celery, Docker, MySQL, Redis, AWS (Aurora, ELB, ECS and lots more). Over 30 million unique monthly visitors for tools we support Our tools are used on many very popular websites Hundreds of TBs of media processed Over 1 million images / videos added every month Tens of TBs of data in our databases Over 100 EC2 production instances 99.999% uptime Large ML compute clusters for real time feedback Large ElasticSearch clusters for snappy searches Full CI/CD pipeline, 100% containerized microservice architecture Design, build, test and maintain web applications and services Implement APIs using RESTful conventions for integrating with web and mobile applications Work closely with our product and design teams to customize user experience on the front-end Analyze and optimize application code for efficiency and performance Write clean and well-organized code in accordance with industry best practices Participate in peer reviewing of code and share expertise with other team members 4+ years of experience doing hands-on software development Strong programming skills in Python and Javascript Experience working with single page applications Strong understanding of object-oriented programming concepts and design patterns Proficiency with APIs / microservices architecture Familiar with git or other version control tools Experience with Agile software development methodology Problem-solving mentality Product-first approach to building software Disciplined approach to testing and quality assurance Vue.js Aws Unit Testing MySQL ElasticSearch JavaScript Flask Python Celery APIs Vacation, personal days and sick time - because everyone deserves time to rest and recharge RRSP matching - because investing in your future self is important Annual mental health benefit - taking care of yourself allows you to show up as the best version of you at both work and home. Quarterly wellness benefit - do something for yourself that you may not do otherwise. Think personal travel, fitness, benefits top up allowance, learning and things for your overall well-being. Donation matching program - twice a year Dash Hudson matches contributions made by the team, to strengthen communities and organizations that we care about. Parental leave top up plan - welcoming a new addition to the family is a big change for anyone, we are here to support with that Work from home benefit - if you choose to work from home, you will have the funds needed to set up a space that supports your productivity and looks great too! Flexible working hours and location - it's a hybrid world and we are happy to be living in it! We're happy to accommodate a balance of working from home and in the office arrangements. Departmental and team-wide bonding activities - we value collaborative and supportive teams, so we get together to connect outside of our day-to-day as well. 
ScrapedJobID957:
Providing direct support with the integration of new equipment and technology introduced in the plant related to the production and packaging processes Performing advanced electronic work, such as circuit board diagnostics and repair, creating circuits, repair circuits, deciphering circuit and ladder diagrams, understanding and manipulating PLC, creating and maintaining manufacturing solutions, diagnosing internal network problems, diagnosing machines and technology with network elements. Diagnosing equipment issues rooted in electronics failure (failed sensor, faulty cables, short on board, misaligned motor, misfiring actuator, slipping servo, etc.) Helping to improve diagnostic and repair time by implementing continuous improvement solutions Developing and implementing new customized electronic and mechanical solutions to solve manufacturing problems Integrating new assigned machines into the production floor by planning their arrival, coordinating with the manufacturer, following up with support departments, electrical work, the pre-start work, the actual implementation, and post implementation services Studying and learning equipment vendors electronics system and training other technicians and operators on them. Creating customized electronic solutions and working with software developers to make a manufacturing 4.0 solution for data collection and automation in the production lines Implementing and maintaining an inventory management system Implementing and maintaining a technology backup (BCP) process to ensure business continuity Developing the Repair Training program for equipment repair using your experience with the equipment Creating and maintaining VB programming, as well as MS Access Database of Downtime Data Integrating assigned machines into the production floor by planning their arrival, coordinating with the manufacturer, following up with support departments, electrical work, the pre-start work, the actual implementation, and post implementation services Analyzing downtime data, making graphs using Excel, and presenting downtime and assessment for reasons of downtime to support continuous improvement initiatives Maintaining manufacturing machinery systems in proper working order to ensure business continuity and minimize production downtime Providing daily reports, weekly, monthly KPI (key performance indices) reports Maintaining a log of all work done during the shift that relates to machines and items related to ongoing developments or projects Maintaining the inventory system that serves as the foundation for parts usage tracking, machines parts usage tracking, parts reordering process, and parts reception process Communicating technical information and concepts to different audiences in a variety of formats, internally and externally Attending weekly Engineering team meetings and updating the team on assigned projects, tasks, and ongoing problems, utilizing the forum to discuss road blocks and improving overall manufacturing performance Focusing on quality and working towards a goal of being World Class by continuously practicing Six Sigma-Lean manufacturing approach to monitoring, controlling and improving the department’s key performance indicators Covering other shifts as needed with short notice to assist with coverage needs Creating purchase requests, following up with Purchasing and Finance to ensure orders are placed and executed, to their final reception and audit. Manage & resolve procurement issues. Leading the Quality Improvement Program in maintenance (Quality focused project work) Leading the Procurement Processes for Maintenance of parts, consumables, and equipment Supporting and working on Facilities work around the plan with Facilities dept. Coordinating projects directly within production floor assigned to you by management Maintaining a clean work environment and practicing the principles of 5S daily Attend trainings abroad for equipment training when required Train others as needed and informally supervise more junior technicians At least 4 years’ working in IT Electronics Engineering At least 4 years’ experience working in any capacity of electro-mechanical automation, or Internet of Things, or programming basic code to control, read, manipulate electro-mechanical devices/computer systems, or hardware integration experience integrating electro-mechanical devices/computer systems At least 2 years’ experience working with mechanical and electrical tools to troubleshoot and do basic repairs of equipment. Be able to demonstrate a history of positive attitude Prior Experience working as either one of manufacturing technician/engineer, aircraft mechanic, hands-on repairman, IT specialist, Automation Expert, mechanical technician, electrician, etc. Experience with taking backups of computer systems, restoring computers Must have experience with troubleshooting electrical and basic mechanical issues (beginner level) Knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite, Outlook emailing, Calendar, Word, PowerPoint, and Excel. Experience with reading and deciphering technical documentation, parts diagrams, etc. Knowledge of task management and ability to prioritize your work. Professional attitude, able to work well in a fast-paced environment, self-motivated, a quick-learner, with ability to receive direction and feedback positively Excellent Team player with proven ability to accomplish goals through collaboration Ability to operate effectively and autonomously across multiple teams in situations of ambiguity leveraging problem solving skills and a willingness to learn with only high-level direction Organized with strong attention to detail, time management skills and a problem-solver Ability to learn to understand the mechanical flow of material through equipment to understand the overall workings of the equipment. Ability to work with team mates for a collected approach on complex evolving problems Bachelor’s degree or post-secondary Diploma with either a Mechanical or Electrical or IT or Engineering focus 4 or more years of experience in electro-mechanical equipment in a manufacturing environment Possess an understanding of the philosophy and application of Total Preventive Maintenance Prior experience working with other departments (Quality Assurance, New Product Introduction NPI, IT, and Logistics) to administer quality validations, ensure NPI processes followed, fulfill communication with logistics for shipping and receiving of engineering products. Experience repairing mailing and packaging equipment (Bell & Howell or Pitney Bowes) Experience or training with embossing machinery (Datacard/Matica equipment) Knowledge of industrial and safety regulations related to machinery such as OHSA regulations and electrical, building and fire codes Experience with inventory management and control Prior experience communicating pertinent and technical information to external customers and other stakeholders on a regular basis Prior experience managing complex projects involving multiple stakeholders/ technologies and requirements autonomously Experience working in Card Personalization Center and it’s regulatory requirements Experience with Kaizen, Lean Manufacturing, Six Sigma continuous improvement processes like DMAIC Experience capturing and reporting on Key Performance Indices related to Maintenance Experience using Oracle or Other Inventory Management ERP system for order placing and inventory control Experience coordinating work and project actions with vendors to their completion through follow-ups Knowledge being able to read and review PLC, circuit logic, electrical repairs and assessments Experience with mechanical repairs, machine shop tools, key mechanical concepts and pneumatic systems A+ Certification or N+ Certification is an asset 
ScrapedJobID958:
Provide IT application support to the business through the following: Research, design, document, modify software specifications, and analyze business needs in collaboration with the Business Analysts, and communicate with project stakeholders throughout the production life cycle Answer technical and procedural questions Define and implement process improvements, and mentor and guide other team members and staff Establish personal rapport with internal and external stakeholders to understand service requirements Arrange project requirements in programming sequence by analyzing requirements Prepare specifications using knowledge of systems, applications, subject matter, programming language. Confirm applications are operating and functioning correctly by conducting tests Maintain computer systems and programming guidelines by writing and updating policies and procedures, and assisting with knowledge transfer as necessary and required Maintain professional and technical knowledge and stays current on technology Contribute to a team-oriented environment by accomplishing related tasks as needed Provide support services to internal and external stakeholders via email, phone or in-person in a professional manner Triage, analyze, diagnose and troubleshoot existing software applications problems as reported by clients and staff Provide guidance to client and staff in order to perform corrective actions Create software application account profiles and ensure appropriate access for all environments Ensure corporate standards and policies are adopted and sustained Assist with technical tasks including starting/stopping scheduled jobs, running scripts, running reports, retrieving files and logs Create processes, guides and support related documentation Develop SQL scripts and stored procedures for applications and SSRS reports Design and develop SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) reports Diploma or university degree in computer science, or business administration or equivalent work experience is required 5+ years’ experience business applications programming 2+ years’ experience in systems analysis 2+ years’ experience in SQL Experience in .NET and or Java programming is an asset. Knowledge of automation best practices and automation strategy Knowledge of system testing best practices and methodologies Broad knowledge of applications, computer-based information systems, networking, system management, security, telecommunications, web technologies and user support services as required Able to provide or gather detailed estimates for timelines on the software development life cycle Proven data analysis, data verification, and problem-solving abilities Excellent written and oral communication skills; ability to communicate ideas in both technical and user-friendly language Excellent listening, presentation, and interpersonal skills Knowledge of ITIL considered an asset Knowledge of Adobe LiveCycle (ALC) and Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) considered an asset Able to prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment Experience working independently and in a team-oriented and collaborative environment Strong attention to detail and effective time management skills Experience working in agile methodology is an asset Satisfactory Criminal Record Check and legal entitlement to work in Canada Market-competitive pay structures Paid Vacation & Sick Leaves Maternity, Parental and/or Adoption Leave Top-Up Program 100% Employer-Paid Health Benefit Plan Retirement Savings Plans with Employer Matching Scheme Ongoing Financial Wellness Seminars Corporate Discounted Programs + Wellness Program Employee Assistance Program (EAP) for our employees and their families! Casual dress Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Wellness program Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID959:
Perform diagnostics, service repairs and maintenance work on customer and Meditech equipment. Provide support to customers as well as the service manager to meet company objectives. Provide technical support to BIOFLEX system users. Responsible for testing, troubleshooting and repairing failed products as required. Verify that all testing activities and procedures are executed in a timely and conscientious manner. Answer questions and resolve system problems for customers in person and via telephone/email. Provide assistance concerning the use of system including software installation and networking. Prepare reports regarding repairs of Meditech products for quality assurance purposes. Follow Meditech's ISO 13485:2016 Quality System and procedures to perform all related tasks. Help production team in assembling products as required. Other duties as assigned by the Director of Engineering. A minimum of 3 to 5 years of technical experience in electronic technologies is preferred; Ability to read the electronics schematics. Excellent electronic circuit board troubleshooting skills. Excellent soldering and reworking skills. Excellent knowledge in identifying electronic components and other product materials. Proficient in PC-based computer software such as MS Office applications and spreadsheets. Proficient in electronic assembly, including, but not limited to, placing components, soldering, cutting, gluing and other manually dexterous activities and ESD handling techniques. Skilled in the use of Test equipment, including, but not limited to, oscilloscopes, multimeters, photometers, etc. Experience in identifying SMT components and markings (using magnifying aids if required). Working knowledge of QT9 and Salesforce is considered an asset. Superior organizational abilities. Excellent interpersonal skills (with both clients and internal customers). Effective written and oral communications skills. Exceptional analytical, troubleshooting and time management skills. Ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment. On-site parking 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID960:
Overtime pay Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Accounting: 1 year (required) Chartered Professional Accountant designation (required) No 
ScrapedJobID961:
Monday to Friday quality assurance: 5 years (preferred) Google Cloud Platform: 3 years (preferred) Test automation: 5 years (preferred) Python: 4 years (preferred) Selenium: 5 years (preferred) Java: 4 years (preferred) Cucumber: 2 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID962:
Collect project related documentation and prepare document control. Update and maintain various documentation as required. Assist with the distribution of company supplies to project sites and Technicians. Maintains office supply inventory and orders supplies in a cost effective manner. Prepare purchase order requests. Coordinates all mail including arranging couriers when required. Manage and track the progress of tasks, processes and projects. Provide back up support for the quality assurance team. Adheres to organizational policies and procedures, including but not limited to Applus Code of Ethics and Confidentiality Agreements. Other duties may be assigned as deemed necessary. Firmly adheres to the values and ethics of Applus Canada. Exhibits honesty, discretion, confidentiality, and sound judgment. Knowledge of client labour equipment and materials reports (LEMS), site access requirements and camp bookings. Excellent customer service focus, ability to quickly build strong working relationships with business partners and colleagues. A sense of urgency, good attention to detail, excellent organizational and analytical skills, pragmatic, eager to learn. Strong verbal and written communication skills matched with the ability to negotiate and build relationships with key stakeholders. Adapt in a fast-paced environment with the ability to manage competing priorities and multi-task with minimal supervision. Ability to problem solve including identifying issues and finding a resolution in a timely manner. Ability to excel in a team environment. Strong computer skills in MS Office and other software applications. Post-secondary education in Office Administration from an accredited College. 2-3 years' experience in office administration. Experience and overall understanding of an Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP). Strong industry knowledge of NDE is an asset. Equivalent industry experience combined with other formal training and accreditationsmay be accepted. The physical environment requires the employee to work inside an office environment, protected from weather conditions but not necessarily from temperature changes. The work is primarily sedentary. The noise level in the work environment is usually quiet to moderate. Work outside of normal business hours will be occasionally required. Overtime required during the week and weekend with work volume. Ability to be flexible with work schedules and respond to requests without advance warning or notification. Occasional to frequent travel will be required within Canada. 
ScrapedJobID963:
Travailler de manière indépendante ou en groupe sous la direction d'un chef d'équipe, en créant des modules, des documents de conception, des sous-systèmes ou des applications, principalement sur la plate-forme de développement demandée, en C/C++. À l'occasion, utiliser également d'autres langages de développement (Java, Node.js, Python, Perl). Connaissance des outils et de l'architecture Cloud Native (par exemple, Docker, Kubernetes, Helm...). Connaissance de la programmation des systèmes distribués (HTTP/S, Websockets, gRPC, inter-processus...). Capacité à apprendre de nouveaux concepts, architectures, APIs, etc. selon les besoins. Guider et encadrer les membres plus juniors de l'équipe de développement selon les besoins, sur la base de son propre jugement ou de l'affectation du responsable. Coopérer avec l'assurance qualité pour définir les cas de test. Rédiger des tests unitaires dans le cadre du développement des fonctionnalités. Documenter le travail et rendre compte régulièrement au responsable. Participer activement aux réunions de projet et de scrum. 4+ ans d'expérience professionnelle. Une solide connaissance des langages C et C++ est indispensable. Connaissance des outils et de l'architecture Cloud Native (par exemple, Docker, Kubernetes, Helm...). Familiarité avec Microsoft Visual Studio et les outils de construction et de débogage Linux. Une compréhension approfondie de la programmation client/serveur est indispensable. Productivité en matière de développement, de dépannage et de débogage. Bonnes communications et relations avec les autres développeurs et l'équipe d'assurance qualité. Capacité à apprendre rapidement, à travailler efficacement et avec souplesse avec diverses technologies dans des environnements hétérogènes. Expérience de travail avec un large éventail de technologies, telles que C++ (Java est un avantage), SQL, protocoles de réseau, VoIP, sécurité et cryptage des données, XML, VXML, SSML, IVR. Familiarité avec CI/CD et Devops. Attitude positive, capable de travailler en équipe et de manière autonome. Capacité et volonté d'apprendre de nouveaux concepts. Familiarité avec les technologies de reconnaissance vocale et de synthèse vocale. Familiarité avec les méthodologies Agile et leurs outils. Familiarité avec les systèmes de construction et de contrôle des sources, par exemple GitHub. Familiarité avec les systèmes de suivi des défauts, par exemple Jira, etc. Work independently, or in a group under the direction of a team lead, creating modules, design documentation, subsystems or applications primarily on the requested development platform in C/C++. Occasionally also using other development languages (Java, Node.js, Python, Perl). Knowledge of Cloud Native tools and architecture (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes, Helm…) Knowledge of distributed systems programming (HTTP/S, Websockets, gRPC, inter-process..) Ability to learn new concepts, architectures, APIs, etc as needed. Guide and mentor more junior members of the development team as necessary, based on own judgment, or manager assignment. Cooperate with quality assurance in defining test cases. Write unit tests as part of the feature development. Document work and regularly report to the manager. Actively participate in project and scrum meetings. 4+ years of professional experience. Solid knowledge of the C and C++ languages is a must. Knowledge of Cloud Native tools and architecture (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes, Helm…) Familiarity with Microsoft Visual Studio and Linux build and debug tools. Deep understanding of client/server programming is a must. Productivity in development, troubleshooting and debugging skills. Good communications and relationships with other developers and the QA team Ability to quickly learn, efficiently and flexibly work with various technologies in heterogeneous environments. Working experience with wide range of technologies, such as C++ (Java is advantage), SQL, network protocols, VoIP, data security and encryption, XML, VXML, SSML, IVR. Familiarity with CI/CD and Devops. Positive attitude, able to work well with others and autonomously. Ability and willingness to learn new concepts. Familiarity with Voice Recognition and Text to Speech technologies. Familiarity with Agile methodologies and the tools. Familiarity with build and source control systems, e.g. GitHub Familiarity with defect tracking systems, e.g. Jira, etc. Location is in the heart of downtown Montreal Flexible hours Transit reimbursement and parking Working with international teams to push the boundaries of technology Competitive benefit package 4 weeks’ vacation 10 paid sick days Bonus Plan, Group RRSP, Deferred Profit Sharing Plan, Employee Stock Purchase Plan Canada's Top 100 Employers – 7 consecutive years Montreal’s Top Employers – 6 consecutive years Canada's Top Employers for Young People - 3 consecutive years 
ScrapedJobID964:
Maintain a high level of awareness and knowledge related to Ministry of Labour trends, changes, processes, standards, Regulatory requirements etc. Apply knowledge of the OH&SA, its Regulations, and applicable Codes and Standards, including local Building, Fire and Electrical Codes to industrial engineering activities and specifically in industrial establishments / environments Advise clients on, various Regulations, Standards and Codes across North America (Canada, USA, Mexico) Lead and participate in Pre-Start Health & Safety Reviews, machinery safety risk assessments and HAZAOPS / HIRA’s / etc., from a safety engineering perspective Attend various sites to physically review, document / test / analyze equipment / plants / processes to current Code and Applicable Standards. Participate in completing and presenting safety engineering reviews in industrial settings, in relation to local standards, laws, regulations and codes to varied stakeholders (i.e. owners / management / engineers / operators / etc.) Ability to direct and counsel clients on the industrial requirements of their engineering project as it relates to the OH&SA, Reg. 833, Reg. 851, applicable standards, codes, and other compliance requirements Take part in designing and presenting safety systems, programs, or processes which meet OH&SA requirements, as they relate to client engineering projects Review engineering designs to ensure compliance to OH&SA, Regulations, codes and standards Assist and counsel clients in their compliance efforts with Ministry of Labour Work Orders / Stop Orders Develop Scope of Work documents, detailed quotes, bid processes, proposals, estimates, and labour requirements Coordinating project work distribution, project scheduling, quality assurance, budgeting where necessary Support the company growth by fostering positive relationships with clients and other stakeholders, sales and marketing team and look for opportunities to generate new business / engineering services Knowledge of the Occupational Health and Safety Act, Regulation 851, Regulation 833 Good understanding of machine safety interlocking devices (mechanical, electrical, opto-electrical) techniques and methods of integrating physical and interlocking devices Knowledge and proficiency regarding safety reliability levels (i.e. Categories, SIL, PL, etc.) Ability to read / interpret electrical / control drawings, PLC code, hydraulic / pneumatic schematics and P & ID’s Working knowledge of robots, robotic systems and system integration from a machine safety perspective Working knowledge / understanding of the following: flammables / combustibles liquids (Ontario fire Code Part 4 & 5, various NFPA Standards), combustible dusts (Ontario Fire Code Part 5, various NFPA Standards), Hazardous Area Classifications (Ontario Electrical Safety Code and various NFPA Standards Working knowledge of molten materials, exposure to toxic substances Effective communicator / presenter between other engineers, designers, clients, officials etc., Effective, efficient, and professional in the execution of all required tasks The ability to work effectively remotely within a virtual team environment Organized and self-directed, task and goal oriented Intermediate to advanced knowledge of CAD and other relevant software (i.e. Word, Excel, Outlook) Engineering Degree, in mechanical / electrical / chemical discipline Minimum 4-7-year progressive Industrial Safety Engineer experience P.Eng. strongly preferred or must be able to obtain within 1 year of hire Ability and desire to learn new software, applications, knowledge, and skills Ability to work independently, be a self-starter and act as part of a team Ability to think logically and creatively Ability to learn CSA and other relevant standards Company events Dental care Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Safety Engineering: 4 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID965:
Drive business strategy and direction across both IT and cross-functional teams. Lead the business and technological direction of the group. Manage the teams in planning and prioritization of projects. Application architecture planning, including system partitioning and framework design. Interface with other areas of the business and implement and drive technical decisions that are beneficial across all functions. Team development of high-level business system narratives, storyboards, and user interface prototypes. Ensure team development of system test plans, ensure software quality assurance (SQA) standards are achieved, and validate that business goals are accomplished. Guide the development of detailed estimates for projects, including resource allocation, timelines, and budget. Identify issues that require more attention, and work to resolve issues based on an understanding of the business problem being solved. Collaborate cross-functionally to identify opportunities, set overall direction, and clarify requirements and business needs. Direct and focus the efforts of project teams. Monitor progress of the team and provide mentoring where appropriate. Participate in annual budgeting process. Make technical decisions to meet the design goals articulated in product road map. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field (or equivalent work experience). Minimum of 10 years’ experience in multiple IT disciplines (such as technical architecture, application development, middleware, information analysis, database management, business analysis). Experience in establishing IT standards based on industry best practices and implementing them across the enterprise Experience using software design support tools and productivity suites such as Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Office, and Microsoft Project Ability to engage in conversation with Sr. level leaders in the organization (i.e. VP level business partners, IT Sr. Leadership team and CIO) Comprehensive knowledge of hardware, software, application, and systems engineering Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to effectively interact with all stakeholders including senior leadership History of balancing multiple priorities simultaneously with the ability to adapt to the changing needs of the business while meeting deadlines. Demonstrated creative problem-solving skills Excellent business and technical acumen 
ScrapedJobID966:
Rédiger et traduire des textes ecommerce, qui peuvent inclure des descriptions produits, des titres de produits, des tableaux de spécifications, et toutes autres demandes de texte Veiller à ce que chaque description prenne en compte les caractéristiques uniques et les avantages de chaque produit, ainsi que l’information relatif à son utilisation pour faire en sorte que le client ait toutes les informations nécessaires avant de passer à l’achat Veiller à ce que les descriptions techniques des produits soient adéquates et complètes, que le SEO soit maximisé, et que la rédaction se conforme aux guides de style internes Contribuer au développement de l'image de marque d'Altitude Sports par l’entremise de la rédaction Faire de l’assurance qualité sur nos pages produits et procéder aux corrections lorsque nécessaire, afin d’assurer le respect des standards de rédaction de l’entreprise Maintenir un horaire rigoureux afin de respecter les échéanciers en place, ainsi que les objectifs de qualité et de productivité Assurer l’atteinte des objectifs de productivité hebdomadaires et procéder à la mise à jour des outils de suivi Participer à l'innovation du contenu et au développement des initiatives de développement de processus Collaborer de près avec les spécialistes de produit afin de produire du contenu complet pour nos clients Définir et se conformer au processus de production du début à la fin Bâtir des relations fortes et positives avec nos partenaires externes afin d’assurer l’atteinte des objectifs communs Suggérer et implanter des nouveaux standards qui ont comme but d’élever la marque Altitude Sports et de réjouir notre clientèle grandissante 1-2 ans d’expérience dans un rôle similaire Bilingue en français et en anglais Capacité d’écrire des descriptions produits pertinentes et engageantes Capacité de travailler sur de nombreuses tâches à la fois tout en fournissant du contenu de très haute qualité et en respectant un échéancier strict Une connaissance approfondie des produits proposés par Altitude Sports De très bonnes capacités de recherche et de synthèse Une aisance générale avec les plateformes informatiques (la suite Google, Asana) Une attention aux détails et une polyvalence dans son style d’écriture Un joueur d’équipe avec des excellentes habiletés interpersonnelles et de communication Une expérience en commerce électronique ou dans une industrie similaire (un atout) Une expérience avec MemoQ (un atout) Veuillez noter qu'il s'agit d'un poste à temps plein, permanent Le rôle est basé à Montréal Une assurance collective (médicale, dentaire, paramédicale); Des rabais employés sur plus de 400 marques techniques et urbaines; La possibilité d'effectuer ses tâches en télétravail pendant la COVID-19; Un environnement de travail convivial au cœur du Mile-Ex; La possibilité d'évoluer au sein d'une entreprise de e-commerce en pleine croissance; La possibilité de se joindre à une équipe jeune, dynamique et talentueuse Write and translate e-commerce copy, including product descriptions, product titles, specification tables and other requests Ensure each description focuses on the product's unique benefits and contains the technical and use information a customer needs to make an informed purchasing decision Ensure technical specifications for products are accurate and complete, SEO is maximized, and writing complies with in-house style guides Contribute to the development of our brand identity through copywriting Performs quality assurance on product pages and make edits to adhere to Copy Standards Maintain strict standards of quality control to ensure content is consistent, accurate, and relevant for our customers Maintain a rigorous schedule that meets deadlines, capacity and quality targets Ensure weekly KPI targets are consistently met and tracking tools are updated daily Assist with content innovation and workflow development initiatives Partners closely with product specialists to create helpful and resourceful content for end consumers. Modifies existing web product copy Helps define and adhere to the end-to-end copy production process. Build strong and positive relationships with external partners to ensure we consistently meet our targets while applying best practices Suggest and implement new standards to elevate our brand and delight our ever-growing client base 1-2 years of experience in a similar role Bilingual in French and English Demonstrated ability to write product descriptions that are relevant and engaging Ability to work on multiple tasks simultaneously while creating high quality content within tight deadlines Deep knowledge of the products that we carry Strong research skills General ease with computer software (Google Suite, Asana) Detail-oriented and versatile writer who is self-motivated and collaborative Team player with great communication and interpersonal skills Experience writing for e-commerce or related industries (an asset) Experience working with memoQ (an asset) Please note this is a permanent, full-time position This role is Montreal-based A complete benefits package (medical, paramedical and dental); Staff discount on 400+ urban and technical brands; The possibility to work remotely during COVID-19; A welcoming work environment in the heart of Montreal's Little Italy; Be part of a fast-growing company in the booming e-commerce space; Be part of a talented team. 
ScrapedJobID967:
Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Discounted or free food Extended health care 8 hour shift Holidays Weekend availability Secondary School (preferred) retail management: 1 year (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID968:
Bachelor's degree in environmental engineering or science, occupational health or safety, industrial hygiene, or other relevant field preferred but not required. Minimum 5 years of related safety management, environmental and/or supervisory responsibility preferably in chemical manufacturing or related environment. Advanced knowledge of EHS regulations, management systems, regulatory agencies, trends and resources. Excellent verbal and written communications skills. Must be able to effectively communicate with all levels of the organization. High proficiency in Microsoft Office Software (Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Access) and extensive Internet search capabilities. Strong interpersonal and leadership skills. Ability to build consensus and influence others. Strong analytical and problem solving skills are essential. Highly motivated and results-oriented. Exceptional organization and presentation skills. Ability to handle multiple projects and meet deadlines. Willingness to travel (30-50%) up to a full week stay for support visits to manufacturing sites, attendance at professional development seminars or training, or other travel as required. Professional and/or industry certifications in environmental, safety, or industrial hygiene Certified Safety Professional, Certified Industrial Hygienist, Certified Hazardous Materials Manager, etc. Training or knowledge of Hazardous material response (40 hr. Haz-Mat Technician level) and confined space rescue. Experience with implementation of Process Safety Management (PSM) programs. Ability to conduct Process Hazard Analysis using HAZOP or equivalent method. Knowledge of Responsible Care, Responsible Care Codes or other EHS Management Systems. Familiarity with ANSI, API, NFPA and other recognized industry standards. Knowledge of databases and ability to use databases for trending. Knowledge of workers' compensation requirements. First Aid / CPR Certification Ability to adapt to changing list of priorities based on needs of the company, regulatory compliance, and management of risk. Interfaces with site personnel to identify hazards, and to develop and implement corrective/improvement measures. This could include the review and approval of specific work permits, as well as participation in incident investigation teams, safety audits, design reviews, process safety reviews, project review teams, and/or job task analysis. 25% Maintains site management systems, Incident Management Database, Action Item Database and EHS Compliance Calendar including routine reporting, audits and permit renewals. 20% Promotes proactive safety participation by all employees and ensuring injuries, illnesses, incidents, near misses, and unsafe conditions are reported and investigated. 15% Develops, implements and maintains environmental, health and safety programs and policies to meet or exceed compliance with National, Provincial, and local regulations, internal policies and customer requirements including environmental, safety, transportation, security, Responsible Care Codes and RC 14001 requirements. 15% Supports the industrial hygiene program through air and noise monitoring and exposure assessments and prepares reports. 10% Participates in Quality Assurance and supporting continual improvement under the ISO 9000 and RC14001 process. 5% Maintains all documentation essential to efficient operations of the EHS program. Monitors interactions with regulatory authorities, insurance carriers or EHS consultants on issues impacting manufacturing operations. Ensures environmental permits and reporting are up to date. Ensures permit requirements are adhered to. 5% Other duties as assigned. 5% Develop, organize and communicate metrics to track EHS performance. Provide comprehensive and effective EHS training. Design and implement training to address any gaps identified. Lead and/or oversee incident investigations and drive EHS action items to completion. Conduct periodic assessments or inspections of EHS programs to identify and correct deficiencies related to compliance with the EHS policies and procedures. 
ScrapedJobID969:
Provide quality assurance inspections of Land Development and Site Plan projects, in accordance with applicable Ontario Provincial Standard Specifications, Ontario Building Code, Regional Standards, Municipal Standards and MTE specifications; Prepare construction reports, including but not limited to, erosion and sediment reports, inspection reports, site reports, testing reports and daily records for submission to Municipalities; Survey and record elevations of installed underground services, road works and lot grading certification, providing documentation of as-built information for submission to Municipalities; Coordinate geotechnical services for inspection and testing of construction projects, providing third party testing as per subdivision agreements with Municipalities; Monitor and coordinate surface works including concrete works, tree planting, CCTV inspections, surface asphalt, and pavement markings following the issue of building permits, as per requirements by Municipalities; Communicate with builders, contractors, and government agencies to confirm standards, problem solve conflicts and provide progress updates on projects; Regular communication with contractors while on site; Develop preliminary and final approval drawings and figures, and final construction drawings for a wide variety of civil engineering projects, using AutoCAD software when field work is low. Diploma in Civil Engineering Technology; Minimum 3-5 years related working experience; General knowledge and understanding of construction safety, the Occupational Health & Safety Act, Ontario Regulations for Construction Projects, and other applicable codes, standards and guidelines; General understanding of survey principles; Ability to read and interpret engineering drawings; Excellent accuracy and attention to detail; Excellent written and verbal communication skills; Time management and organizational skills; C.E.T. designation or pursuing C.E.T. designation is considered an asset; Water Quality Analyst certification is considered an asset; Required to have access to a vehicle and a valid driver’s license for travel to project sites. Mileage will be reimbursed for work related travel. Competitive Wages Shared Ownership in Our Employee Owned Company Group RRSP Matching program Technical Development and Career Opportunities Social and Supportive Culture; and much more! Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Stock options Vision care 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID970:
Lively atmosphere Safe work environment On-the-job training Reflect the values of Home Instead Senior Care franchise. Schedule and conduct applicant interviews in an efficient and professional manner. Create a monthly training calendar. Schedule and conduct CAREGiver training and orientation including training required to meet Home Instead® Standards and additional optional training, specifically Alzheimer’s Training. Schedule and conduct CAREGiver annual reviews and all supervision including regular performance conversations, accountabilities and problem resolution Develop engagement strategies that utilize the 5 CAREGiver needs to promote CAREGiver retention and satisfaction. Work in partnership with the Scheduling Department to coordinate CAREGiver schedules with an emphasis on creating high quality matches and extraordinary relationships. Monitor, mediate, and log client and CAREGiver activity utilizing the software system. Evaluate and update all orientation and training materials as needed Plan, attend, and successfully execute all CAREGiver meetings Develop monthly in-service topics to meet CAREGiver and office needs Develop, plan, and facilitate quarterly CAREGiver meetings Maintain regular attendance at the office to execute job responsibilities Demonstrate open and effective communication with the franchise owner, colleagues, CAREGivers, clients and family members. Conduct Service Inquiries and Care Consultations as needed following the consultative sales process Adhere to all company policies, procedures and business ethics codes and ensures that they are communicated and implemented within the team. Conduct service inquiries, care consultations, client/CAREGiver introductions, and quality assurance visits as deemed necessary. Answer each employment inquiry in a friendly, professional and knowledgeable manner. Perform any and all other functions deemed necessary CAREGiver training conducted in accordance with franchisor requirements 100% of the time Achieve and maintain 85% completion rate of Alzheimer’s training by CAREGivers working for the franchise office Conduct 2 offsite community training sessions per quarter College degree or higher preferred Minimum two years experience in home care, health care or senior-related industry required, an equivalent combination of education and work experience may be considered Must possess a valid driver’s license This position will be responsible for overseeing all of the functions performed by the CAREGiver staff Must have an understanding of and uphold the policies and procedures established by Home Instead Senior Care Must demonstrate knowledge of, and experience in, the senior care industry Must demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills and the ability to listen effectively Must have the ability to work independently, maintain confidentiality of information and meet deadlines Must demonstrate effective interpersonal skills as well as sound judgment and good decision-making skills Must demonstrate discretion, integrity and fair-mindedness consistent with office standards, practices, policies and procedures Must have the ability to organize and prioritize daily, monthly, quarterly and yearly work Must have the ability to establish good working relationships with the franchise owner, office colleagues, CAREGivers and the community Must present a professional appearance and demeanor Must have the ability to operate office equipment Must have the ability to operate HISC technology systems Must be patient and congenial on the telephone Must have computer skills and be proficient in Excel and Word Must have the availability to work evenings or weekends as required Must have the ability to perform duties in a professional office setting Must have the ability to work as a part of a team Must demonstrate excellent organizational skills Bonus pay Company car Extended health care On-site parking Paid time off 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends No 
ScrapedJobID971:
Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID972:
Developing upon the vision of QA practices for the project or product and implementing that vision Overseeing a team of testers to ensure successful development and execution of test scenarios and test scripts to meet the plan and ensure quality delivery Leading the selection, configuration, usage, and maintenance of automated test frameworks and tools Leading the development and championing the adoption of quality measures and standards for new applications and/or enhancements throughout development lifecycles. Providing mentoring and coaching to other team members Interpreting and transforming product requirements into test requirements, plans, and cases Executing automated and manual test cases as appropriate. Creating and analyzing formal test results to discover and report any defects, bugs, errors, configuration issues, and interoperability flaws Identifying opportunities for automation and building automated test scripts Conducting internal audits to measure adherence to quality standards Collaborating with development teams on functional and non-functional testing and recommending application improvements to development teams Reporting on progress, results, and software readiness to project stakeholders Demonstrated project management skills and/or substantial exposure to project-based work Knowledge of testing and automation frameworks such as Junit, Selenium, Appium, JMeter, SoapUI Experience developing in Java and/or C# Strong knowledge of system testing best practices and methodologies Experience with SQL query development, automated testing, and reporting software Proven data analysis, data verification, and problem-solving abilities Experience testing APIs, services, drivers, or web and database applications Able to organize and execute tasks in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment Able to work effectively in a team environment with minimal supervision A strong communicator (both written and verbal) and presenter Detail-oriented 
ScrapedJobID973:
Responsible for the design, development, unit testing, systems testing, release, deployment and maintenance of custom built Java web-applications to meet established client and system requirements Work closely with clients, and cross-functional team members to understand business and technical requirements that drive the analysis and design of technical solutions Provide client support and consultation for development, integration as well as advice in areas of expertise Perform unit-level testing of system components and fix bugs Develop and review supporting technical specifications, design and documentations to ensure completeness Provide code maintenance and support across testing / validation cycles and post-production deployment Participate in user training and demonstrations of the web application products on an as-needed basis Support project estimating / planning processes. Ensure adherence to system development life cycle standards Participate in the evaluation, implementation, and documentation of existing and new web-based business solutions Contribute to the architectural design and development of a modern, strategic web-based application infrastructure Implementation of improved encryption standards for communications to and from secure server applications, optimize web security infrastructure for user authentication and authorization to controlled components Adhere to software development process frameworks and tools (including change control, quality assurance procedures) using leading practices, design patterns, and methodologies Perform database design, modeling, and database maintenance Identify and implement security measures for internet applications infrastructure Perform system validation requirements and procedures for web application M.Sc. in Computer Science, Mathematics or related fields Eight or more years of experience in relevant field Architecting re-usable and extendable web based solutions Understanding and applying J2EE security, Concurrency, Transactions, Session Management, J2EE Patterns, and Frameworks to application solutions Broad experience with various computing platforms (Unix and Windows) Experience with Architecture and Design patterns Experience with component-based development Requirements gathering and analysis Software development frameworks and methodologies, including SDLC, Waterfall, and Agile delivery methods 
ScrapedJobID974:
B.Arch, Tech, Diploma in Technology, Master's in Architecture or other related Degree Minimum of 3+ years' experience in a BIM related role (BIM assistant, BIM Coordinator, etc., with some BIM Management experience Experience with Quality Assurance, implementing plans for effective use and procedures with BIM and Revit Good research skills Excellent experience with Revit, Rhino, Grasshopper, Dynamo and other software applications an asset Experience guiding and working with teams and projects through the design and software implementation - capable of producing detailed working drawing packages and documents if needed Interest and passion for new technologies and software systems and ability to guide a digital proactive group through the new systems from beginning to end Capable of working with and producing libraries, templates, standards and manuals A detailed approach to project management with an entrepreneurial mindset High energy, innovative thinking and a dynamic approach to design and digital technology Excellent presentation and communication skills Leading firm with new projects focused in sustainability, innovation and design Great compensation and benefits plan Opportunity for professional growth with new systems and courses through company support Excellent team and collaboration with support on all projects throughout the company Amazing opportunities to grow and develop your career further within the company 
ScrapedJobID975:
Ensures alignment of cross program IT strategy and planning with company's business goals. Optimizes information management approaches through an understanding of evolving business needs and technology capabilities. Develops a long-term strategic utilization plan for the company's IT systems and helps “as is” architectures become “to be” architectures through phasing and cost benefit analysis. Promotes the use of shared infrastructure and applications to reduce costs and improve information flows. Ensures that projects do not duplicate functionality or diverge from each other and business and IT strategies. Collaborate with other architects and provide an enterprise solution that is scalable, adaptable, and synchronized with the ever-changing business needs. Manages risks associated with information and IT assets through the development, use and promotion of the appropriate standards and security policies. Involved in direct, or indirect, manner with the development of policies, standards and guidelines that direct the selection, development, implementation and use of information technologies within the enterprise. Build employee knowledge and skills in specific areas of expertise. Work to settle architecture differences or conflicts existing across the various architecture layers in the enterprise. Work with various business and IT stakeholders to demonstrate and show business value of enterprise wide, shared infrastructure or to show value of any new strategic platforms being considered. Work with project business and technical staff to capture and validate integration requirements for the project, using industry standard integration and SOA (Service-oriented Architecture) methodologies. Design and deliver high quality integration solutions that satisfy project requirements and meet enterprise needs. Evangelize and explain SOA, integration and other architecture principles, benefits, and technical solutions to business and technical audiences. Own the technical engagement and ultimate success around specific implementation projects; defining implementation architectures, responding to questions, developing a deep expertise in cloud technologies as well as broad know-how around how applications and services are constructed using the cloud. Bachelor’s degree in Management Information Systems/Computer Science or related field or equivalent work experience. Minimum 10+ years of experience in IT enterprise/infrastructure architecture, engineering, operations, application (mobile and web) development, or support. Proven experience of successful software delivery throughout the packaged software implementation lifecycle, including substantial experience of working as a senior architect on multiple projects. Proven experience developing successful API, SOA, and integration solutions in an enterprise environment on one or more industry standard integration suites on multiple projects. Comfortable working on agile-based teams comprised of team members with diverse skill sets (e.g., Quality Assurance Engineers, User Experience Designers, Software Engineers / Architects). AWS, Azure, or Google public/private cloud experience in a production environment. Understand cloud methodologies and technologies and be able to design and implement in AWS, Azure, or Google. Medical / Dental/ Vision benefits available after 30 days of employment Company paid life insurance Paid holidays PTO / 401K / Tuition Reimbursement All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. 
ScrapedJobID976:
This is a full-time opportunity and ideal for someone looking for a long-term job. You will be sitting down for half of your shift and the lifting requirement are up to 20-30 lbs. There are different shifts available for morning, afternoon, and night shifts. Full-time Production associate job Three different shifts to chose from for managing your other priorities of life Lot of room for growth and learning Transit accessible Opportunity for permanency Manual assembly of Electronic components including complex and high-density projects according to assembly books, custom specs and quality standards Ensure full compliance with all applicable quality assurance standards and internal SOPs Component preparation, placement, or installation Perform hand soldering and rework of all thru-hole, SMT, mixed and mechanical assemblies and custom parts as per Engineering specifications and IPC workmanship standards Final assembly and/or pack and ship as required Participate in training and certification programs to ensure job knowledge and skills set requirements are met and updated regularly Participate in all team level quality improvement initiatives, including Root Cause analysis as required Operate various types of equipment aiding in the assembly process Set-up, operate, calibrate and maintain test station as per procedure Complete test logs and provide feedback related to testing yields Test the functionality of products using various testing tools, document and provide feedback to team members to prevent future discrepancies Utilize test equipment such as multimeters, among others including PC based programming Color identification is a requirement of this role A team player with good communication skills (ability to work with customers), and a positive attitude. Previous experience working in the following is an asset (but not limited to): SMT/TH or Mix Tech assembly (hand soldering, inspection, rework, mechanical assembly skills) Worked in Electronics or Manufacturing companies Soldering TH and SMT components Comprehension of assembly documentation Rework mechanical/electrical assemblies (replacing components) Lift up to 20 lbs. Set-up, maintenance, and calibration of test stations. Computer literacy (Excel, Word, Test Software). 
ScrapedJobID977:
Être responsable de l’assemblage électronique de documents de clients personnels et d'entreprise à l'aide d'Adobe Acrobat et autres systèmes; Être responsable de l’assemblage et finalisation des livrables fiscaux par voie électronique; Organiser, photocopier et numériser les feuillets des contribuables et autres documents; Collecter et livrer des dossiers au personnel; Saisir, formater et modifier des documents standard et non standard à l'aide de MS Word, Excel et Adobe et autres logiciels selon les besoins (par exemple, correspondance, rapports, présentations, etc.); Assembler les trousses de déclaration de revenus électroniques et papier et les poster sur le site Web sécurisé; Faxer, photocopier et numériser des documents et les télécharger dans la base de données Global Office et dans notre système de gestion de documents, TAX DMS; Maintenir les listes de suivi d'équipe et imprimer les rapports d'avancement des travaux sur une base hebdomadaire; Maintenir les manuels et les listes de contrôle pour le travail au besoin; Coordonner avec les autres départements pour assurer la production en temps opportun des documents. Solide compréhension de MS Office et de la suite Google, y compris de solides compétences en Word et Excel; Solide connaissance pratique de la manipulation de texte et de graphiques dans des documents et certains; Connaissance du travail dans les programmes PDF; Solides compétences de bureau; Dépôt des documents finaux dans les référentiels LoS (par exemple, Tax DMS), si demandé; Capacité à gérer plusieurs priorités dans le temps imparti et à respecter les délais; Exécuter les tâches avec une grande attention aux détails et maintenir des normes de qualité élevées; Capacité à travailler avec un minimum de supervision. Assembling documents from personal and corporate clients electronically using Adobe Acrobat and other systems; Assembling and finalizing tax deliverables electronically; Organizing, photocopying and scanning taxpayer slips and other documents; Collecting and delivering folders to staff; Type, format and edit standard and non-standard documents using MS Word, Excel, and Adobe and other software as required (e.g. correspondence, reports, presentations etc.); Assemble electronic and paper tax return packages and post to secure website; Fax, photocopy and scan documents and upload in the Global Office database and in our document management system, TAX DMS; Maintain team tracker lists and print work in progress reports on a weekly basis; Maintain manuals and checklists for work as required; Coordinate with other departments to ensure timely production of documents. Solid understanding of MS Office and Google Suite, including strong Word and Excel skills; Strong working knowledge of manipulating text and graphics in documents and some knowledge of working in PDF programs; Strong clerical skills; Filing final documents into LoS repositories (e.g. Tax DMS), if requested; Maintain professional, digital and technical knowledge through the use of firm tools, attending training sessions & establishing personal networks; Understand ethical behavior and business practices and ensure your own behavior and the behavior of others are consistent with these standards and align with the values of the organization; Set priorities, develop a work schedule, monitor progress towards goals, and track details/data/information/activities; Ability to manage multiple priorities in the allocated time and meet deadlines; Execute duties with significant attention to detail and maintain high quality standards; Ability to work with minimal supervision; Communicates regularly and professionally with internal colleagues and with clients via email and phone to obtain and provide information regarding client files and is able to adapt their communication to the specific need, interest and audience. 
ScrapedJobID978:
Review, compare and edit a range of translated online documentation and learning solutions to ensure all standards are applied and consistent. Translate, review and edit translated content to ensure content language aligns with the English version of content. Conduct review for all translated content to revise, edit and proofread content to ensure: coherence, flow and conciseness. correctness of grammar, punctuation, and spelling consistency of tone/voice, grammar, pagination, layout and design adherence to departmental defined standards and style guides. adherence to bank standards and requirements around intellectual property, trademark usage/restrictions, branding, and copyrights appropriateness of message given target audience and learning objectives Provide input on such things as names, business names or other data required for French content. Assist with other French production activities as required including locating French URLs, locating French manual page names, and identifying and capturing French screens. Work with the Translation Leads, Translation Group, the Learning Designers, the Learning Project Managers and in some cases our external translation vendor to implement required versions of French content and produce the French version Use a variety of web editing tools and templates to edit content and work with Senior Technical Writers, Publishers and Quality Assurance, Learning Content Management Leads to implement required changes and revisions to content in order to produce the final version of all content. Translation software knowledge – MemoQ (In the past manager found candidates mentioned MemoQ experience in resume but couldn’t talk to it) Must be completely fluent in French - reading, writing, speaking Tech savvy Banking background is an asset Translation memory software experience Bachelor’s Degree in French translation Dreamweaver experience Ability to multi-task and prioritize, meet deadlines Detail oriented Hard-working and self-motivated Takes ownership of work 
ScrapedJobID979:

ScrapedJobID980:
Working with talented co-workers Highly competitive compensation Develop software applications based on design specifications in accordance with applicable standards Incrementally design, develop, test, debug, and deploy IT products using modern software delivery tools, frameworks, and deployment methods in all layers (Presentation layer, Business layer and Database layer) Create technical design and specification documents Prepare reports and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software in accordance with applicable standards and procedures Implement APIs and integrate services with existing applications Carry out unit and integration tests and prioritize defects Remediate and resolve software performance issues and defects Collaborate with experienced IT teams and stakeholders Deliver work within established timelines, identify and communicate technical problems and solutions in a timely manner Fix complex data issues, resolve performance problems, and improve query logic Monitor logs and find and resolve errors in the software application using approved tools Create framework to ensure code is sustainable, reusable, robust and scalable Conduct code review of peers to ensure accurate and standardized coding, possible improvements and ensure that business requirements are met Responsible for quality assurance/control of program design and development Post-secondary degree in Computer Science or Technical College/Institute Diploma in a related discipline, or the equivalent combination of education and experience 5+ years of related industry experience as a Java Developer, competent in several programming languages and environments 5+ years with Java and MS SQL Experience working in an Agile environment 
ScrapedJobID981:
Create engaging digital content, such as infographics, promotional one-pagers, and videos for website, social media, email nurturing, events, and all other marketing activities Manage website through Content Management System (WordPress) Work in collaboration with team to produce effective marketing material, such as product brochures, product overviews, technical support documents, with high quality and accuracy Manage Google Analytics, track goals and report website performance through data visualization tools Create and manage PPC ads (Google Ads, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram, etc.) and track paid media performance through relevant metrics Manage SEO optimization and organic content to generate traffic, track organic conversion rate and rank of targeted keywords Generate leads through various resources Manage sales documents Track sales metrics Bachelor’s Degree in Marketing, Communication or related field Minimum 3 years’ experience in digital marketing and/or marketing field ideally B2B Experience with content creating tools such as Canva, WeVideo, Filmora, Adobe Photoshop, etc. Proficient with CMS software; knowledge of WordPress is an asset Bilingual with strong English writing skills Highly organized - ability to multitask, prioritize, and manage time effectively Strong analytical skills Detail oriented Curious – willingness to learn Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Horaires flexibles Stationnement sur place Tenue Décontractée Du Lundi au Vendredi 
ScrapedJobID982:
Master all training material, specifically the New Hire Training platforms for:
Pre-Claim Services
Employer Services
Claims Services
Rehab Services Pre-Claim Services Employer Services Claims Services Rehab Services Meet with all business units and partners to gain an understanding of past and current coaching initiatives, processes, and ensure solid understanding of the business and insight into current claims management practices and competency levels of teams
Gain an understanding of existing Quality Control and Quality Assurance initiatives that have been implemented/started and, with training manager, determine where training can assist with ongoing learning. Gain an understanding of existing Quality Control and Quality Assurance initiatives that have been implemented/started and, with training manager, determine where training can assist with ongoing learning. Design and conduct training programs for front line employees in all business units. Train and guide new employees as part of their onboarding. Work with management to identify training needs and schedule training programs for all staff. Work to keep training programs vibrant and entertaining to engage employees and trainees. Ensure that all training materials and programs are compliant with laws and regulations and best practices governing the industry. Provide online and conference call training session for offsite employees. Recommend management strategies to administration that are targeted for specific departments with the goal of increasing efficiency and effectiveness and generating increased revenues. Interact with upper management to determine the specific requirements in each job description. Prepare hard copy training materials and presentations for employees and with the approval of management. Collaborate and foster communication to build consensus among internal and external stakeholders To oversee the quality control and coaching with claims, early intervention and rehab teams as needed i.e., New hire support and/or ongoing coaching support As needed, provide coaching and support to case managers on implementing appropriate disability management related matters Work with the Director / Managers and/or DMI’s Coaching Unit and business unit leads to ensure that all required processes, procedures, templates, and forms are modified, updated, and implemented as business needs evolve and ensure smooth delivery of services and uphold best practices. Support strategic initiatives internal and external Participate in, or lead assigned specials projects, given other responsibilities and the evolving needs of the company, at the discretion of the manager/ Director. Minimum of 2-5 years proven Disability Management experience. Background and knowledge of STD/LTD policy and coverage. Coverage Concepts: The Trainer demonstrates a solid understanding of Coverage Concepts such as COD, FCD, Reserves and various Policy Clauses. This will be demonstrated through communication with the client, insurer, and other stakeholders as well as through the analysis of files performed jointly with the manager. Interviewing Skills: The Trainer demonstrates the ability to conduct efficient and effective interviews with clients that add value to the file. The Trainer will utilize motivational interviewing techniques and apply a functional approach to intervention in keeping with the DMI Philosophy. The Trainer demonstrates the ability to maintain rapport with the client while fostering a partnership that empowers and educates. Influencing & Partnering with Physicians: The Trainer demonstrates the ability to communicate effectively with physicians in a proactive manner that focuses on function and impacting the influencing factors. The Trainer recognizes the relevance and role of the medical and demonstrates the ability to identify medical influencing factors and addresses or leverages these with appropriate case management plans RTW Planning: The Trainer demonstrates the ability to develop appropriate, effective, and creative GRTW plans that involve all stakeholders in the process. RTW planning will be aligned with Claims Case Management Strategy and operate within a sense of urgency. Vocational Tools: The Trainer demonstrates a solid knowledge of the various vocational tools that can be utilized to impact the duration of a claim and applies this knowledge in a proactive manner. Pro-active Case Management Planning: The Trainer demonstrates the ability to come up with cost effective proactive case management plans that facilitate a reduction in duration of claims. The Trainer demonstrates the ability to implement concurrent case management action plans and demonstrates the ability to assess the effectiveness of plans with revisions of plans as indicated. Ability to adapt to rapidly changing circumstances and new ways of working. Understanding of effective adult training methodologies and tools Willingness to keep abreast of new techniques in corporate teaching Proficient in MS Office programs specifically in PowerPoint; e-learning software an asset Exceptional verbal and written communication skills. Strong communication, presentation, and public speaking skills The ability to engage trainees in discussions during educational sessions. Excellent interpersonal skills. Ability to work within an integrated team approach and demonstrate a high level of co-operation within the Quality Assurance & Coaching team Excellent reading comprehension skills as well as the ability to be an active listener. Strong critical thinking and analytical skills. Good problem solving and decision-making skills along with the ability to exercise sound judgment Good organizational and time management abilities Knowledge of terminology specific to the DMI. Attention to detail Work well under pressure. Meet tight deadlines with excellent time management skills. 
ScrapedJobID983:
Maintenance of the Integrated Master Schedule for assigned production programs to ensure customer requirements are met Daily monitoring and management of production schedules Monitor and support material procurement process, prioritization for work package release and execution in accordance with schedule Preparation of detailed production and manufacturing schedules to support customer deliverables Reporting of production status to Operations and Program Management teams Identify and highlight potential risks/constraints to ensure the success and on-time completion of product to schedule Generates Estimate to Complete (ETC) and resource capacity plans monthly for all operations disciplines Monitors actual hours spent on all projects including repair and overhaul (R&O) and spares to budget and reports Estimate at Completion (EAC) Support Sales and Marketing team to develop program schedules in support of new business proposals Prepare lead time estimates in support of R&O and spares programs Manage forecast for long range planning while considering lead times, production, test and equipment capacity Liaise effectively with various disciplines such as Program Management Office (PMO), Finance, Engineering, Operations, Supply Chain, Production Control, External Vendors/Subcontractors, Customers and Senior Leadership Ensure all work is performed according to the Quality Management System (QMS) University degree or college diploma in engineering, engineering technology, or related technical discipline Minimum 5 years' experience in a manufacturing environment developing and maintaining resource constrained Integrated Master schedule to meet actual and forecast demand Experience with advanced Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) software, SAP, Infor, Oracle, or other. Oracle EBS R12 experience preferred. Experience with project management software, MS Project, Primavera, or other. Ability to identify and follow the critical path activity of the program schedule Knowledge of material procurement, inventory management, material requirements planning (MRP), and quality assurance principles Experienced with a broad range of manufacturing disciplines including welding, fabrication, mechanical and electrical assembly, machining, painting Reading and interpretation of complex engineering drawings, bills of materials, work packages and routings Experience with resource capacity planning, forecasting, risk identification and management Experience with Repair and Overhaul (R&O) processes for customer returned product Exceptional interpersonal skills and emotional intelligence Ability to manage multiple priorities and multitask effectively Strong computer skills (MS Office) Strong oral and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID984:
Lively atmosphere Safe work environment On-the-job training Reflect the values of Home Instead Senior Care franchise. Schedule and conduct applicant interviews in an efficient and professional manner. Create a monthly training calendar. Schedule and conduct CAREGiver training and orientation including training required to meet Home Instead® Standards and additional optional training, specifically Alzheimer’s Training. Schedule and conduct CAREGiver annual reviews and all supervision including regular performance conversations, accountabilities and problem resolution Develop engagement strategies that utilize the 5 CAREGiver needs to promote CAREGiver retention and satisfaction. Work in partnership with the Scheduling Department to coordinate CAREGiver schedules with an emphasis on creating high quality matches and extraordinary relationships. Monitor, mediate, and log client and CAREGiver activity utilizing the software system. Evaluate and update all orientation and training materials as needed Plan, attend, and successfully execute all CAREGiver meetings Develop monthly in-service topics to meet CAREGiver and office needs Develop, plan, and facilitate quarterly CAREGiver meetings Maintain regular attendance at the office to execute job responsibilities Demonstrate open and effective communication with the franchise owner, colleagues, CAREGivers, clients and family members. Conduct Service Inquiries and Care Consultations as needed following the consultative sales process Adhere to all company policies, procedures and business ethics codes and ensures that they are communicated and implemented within the team. Conduct service inquiries, care consultations, client/CAREGiver introductions, and quality assurance visits as deemed necessary. Answer each employment inquiry in a friendly, professional and knowledgeable manner. Perform any and all other functions deemed necessary CAREGiver training conducted in accordance with franchisor requirements 100% of the time Achieve and maintain 85% completion rate of Alzheimer’s training by CAREGivers working for the franchise office Conduct 2 offsite community training sessions per quarter College degree or higher preferred Minimum two years experience in home care, health care or senior-related industry required, an equivalent combination of education and work experience may be considered Must possess a valid driver’s license This position will be responsible for overseeing all of the functions performed by the CAREGiver staff Must have an understanding of and uphold the policies and procedures established by Home Instead Senior Care Must demonstrate knowledge of, and experience in, the senior care industry Must demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills and the ability to listen effectively Must have the ability to work independently, maintain confidentiality of information and meet deadlines Must demonstrate effective interpersonal skills as well as sound judgment and good decision-making skills Must demonstrate discretion, integrity and fair-mindedness consistent with office standards, practices, policies and procedures Must have the ability to organize and prioritize daily, monthly, quarterly and yearly work Must have the ability to establish good working relationships with the franchise owner, office colleagues, CAREGivers and the community Must present a professional appearance and demeanor Must have the ability to operate office equipment Must have the ability to operate HISC technology systems Must be patient and congenial on the telephone Must have computer skills and be proficient in Excel and Word Must have the availability to work evenings or weekends as required Must have the ability to perform duties in a professional office setting Must have the ability to work as a part of a team Must demonstrate excellent organizational skills Bonus pay Company car Extended health care On-site parking Paid time off 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends No 
ScrapedJobID985:
Bonus pay Casual dress Company pension Dental care Disability insurance On-site parking Vision care 8 hour shift Day shift Weekend availability No 
ScrapedJobID986:
S’assure de la profitabilité des travaux de service et de la qualité du travail et améliore constamment les opérations de support au service. Développe ses employés et collabore dans l’établissement de cédules de formation, de coaching et d'autres mécanismes d’amélioration de la performance. Gère l'aspect de la santé et de la sécurité de son équipe et met en œuvre les mesures correctives et préventives applicables. Valide de façon proactive auprès de la clientèle interne et externe leur niveau de satisfaction vis-à-vis du travail effectué par ses techniciens. Gère l’atteinte des résultats financiers. Gère l’établissement des objectifs de performance (KPI) non corporatifs du service. Met en place des actions d’amélioration continue pour les processus du service. Diplôme d'études professionnelles dans un domaine mécanique ou diplôme d'études collégiales en génie, en gestion des opérations combiné à 5 ans d'expérience en gestion de personnel. Expérience et/ou connaissances en mécanique. Bilinguisme (parlé et écrit) / Anglais et français. Connaissance des logiciels MS Office Habilité à résoudre des problèmes. Autonome, disponibilité et flexibilité, leadership et esprit d'équipe. Habiletés à travailler sous pression. Bonnes connaissances en analyse budgétaire ainsi qu’en réingénierie des processus opérationnels. Ensures the service profitability and the work quality and improves service operations support. Develops employees and participates in the establishment of training schedules, coaching and other mechanisms to improve performance. Manages the health and safety aspect of the team and implements applicable corrective and preventative measures. Validates proactively the internal and external customer's satisfaction level based on the work performed by the technicians. Achieves financial results. Manages the establishment of the field's non-corporate key performance goals (KPI). Implements process' continuous improvement actions. Diploma of Vocational Studies in Mechanic or Diploma of Collegial Studies in Engineering, Operation Management combined with 5 years’ experience in personnel management. Experience and/or knowledge in mechanics. Bilingualism French-English (written and spoken). Knowledge of MS Office software. Ability to solve problems. Autonomous, availability and flexibility, leadership, teamwork and collaboration. Ability to work under pressure. Good knowledge of budget analysis as well as in operational process reengineering. Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Régime d'Achat d'Actions 8 Heures Du Lundi au Vendredi Quart de jour Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID987:
Gère les projets de ventes de moteurs industriel Caterpillar et Perkins Supporte les activités de ventes de pièces Perkins Gère le retour et les crédits pour le noyaux de pièces Perkins Coordonne les activités des opérations, d’achats et de travaux en atelier pour ses projets Fait le suivi (coût, cédule, qualité). Évalue et applique les correctifs nécessaires pour respecter l'enveloppe budgétaire estimée et les échéanciers des projets. DEP ou DEC en mécanique combiné à 3 ans d’expérience pertinente Bilinguisme (parlé et écrit) Connaissance des logiciels MS Office, d’un système en gestion manufacturière et/ou du système DBS, et de SAP (un atout) Expérience en gestion de projets, un atout Manages Caterpillar and Perkins industrial engine sales projects Supports Perkins parts sales activities Manages Cores return and credits for the Perkins parts Coordinates operations, procurement and workshop activities for its projects Follow-up (cost, schedule, quality). Evaluates and applies the necessary corrective measures to respect the estimated budget envelope and the project deadlines Dep or Dec in mechanical combined with 3 years of relevant experience Bilingualism (spoken and written) Knowledge of MS Office software, a system in manufacturing management and / or DBS, and SAP (an asset) Project management experience an asset Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Régime d'Achat d'Actions 8 Heures Du Lundi au Vendredi Quart de jour Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID988:
Si vous avez un historique de succès dans la vente de produits et/ou services B2B ... Si vous voulez apprendre dans un milieu stimulant de ventes, ciblant les petites, moyennes et grandes entreprises ... Si vous excellez à créer des relations d’affaires, vous possédez un large réseau d'affaires et vous connaissez très bien le marché et les industries locales ... Si vous avez connu du succès dans un environnement de commission avec des objectifs de vente mensuels ... Si vous êtes une personne motivée et capable de travailler de façon autonome avec une supervision limitée ... Acquérir de nouveaux clients Planifier des rendez-vous hebdomadaires avec des clients potentiels Appeler des prospects (« cold call ») tous les jours / semaine Superviser le processus de vente du début à la fin: évaluer les besoins des clients, planifier des présentations, collecter les informations nécessaires pour ouvrir de nouveaux comptes clients Démontrer correctement toutes les caractéristiques et les avantages spécifiques à chaque client Développer et maintenir une clientèle fidèle grâce à un service de haute qualité Effectuer des suivis auprès des clients pour s'assurer qu'ils sont complètement satisfaits Utilisez SalesForce CRM pour enregistrer efficacement les activités, prospects et clients. Traiter les plaintes des clients et proposer des solutions judicieuses Obtenir des informations sur le marché grâce à la recherche, aux associations professionnelles et au développement des relations. Mettre en œuvre de nouvelles idées ou techniques apprises par l'expérience et l'interaction avec les pairs. Démontrer un degré élevé de courtoisie, d'efficacité et de professionnalisme lors de la communication avec des clients internes et externes Planifier et exécuter efficacement la stratégie de vente Baccalauréat dans un domaine pertinent (vente, marketing, etc.) Minimum de trois à cinq (3-5) ans d'expérience en tant que représentant des ventes B2B Bilinguisme (français/anglais) Réseau local étendu et contacts d'affaires Expérience professionnelle démontrée dans la vente de produits et/ou de services Axé sur les objectifs pour atteindre les quotas grâce à la motivation personnelle, la persévérance et la détermination. Forte orientation sur le service à la clientèle Excellente communication (verbale et écrite) Solides compétences de présentation Doit être familier avec la méthodologie et le processus de « Sales Funnel » Connaissance d'Excel, de Word et de PowerPoint If you have a proven history of success selling B2B products and/or services ... If you are willing to learn in a fast paced environment that involves hunting and closing small, medium and large business clients.... If you excel at building relationships , you have an extended local business network and you are very knowledgeable about the local market and industries … If you have excellent problem solving and analytical skills... If you have prior success in a commission environment with a monthly quota... If you are a memorable, highly motivated goal oriented self-starter , capable of working independently with limited supervision... Acquire new customers; Weekly appointments with potential clients; Cold Calling every day/week; Oversee the sales process from beginning to end: evaluate clients’ needs, schedule sales presentations, collect the necessary information to open new client accounts; Properly demonstrate all features and benefits that are specific to each individual customer; Develop and maintain a loyal customer base through high quality service; Perform follow-ups with clients to ensure they are completely satisfied; Use SalesForce CRM to efficiently log activities, prospects and clients; Address customer complaints and propose sound solutions; Obtain knowledge of the market through research, trade associations and relationship development; Seek to implement new ideas and or techniques learned through experience and interaction with peers; Demonstrate a high degree of courtesy, efficiency and professionalism when communicating with internal and external clients; Effectively plan and execute sales strategy. Bachelor's degree in a relevant field (sales, marketing, etc.) Minimum three to five (3-5) years experience as a B2B Sales Representative; Strong communication skills in both French and English (verbal and written); Extended local network and business contacts; Demonstrated track record of achievement in selling products and/or services; Goal-oriented to achieve targets through self-motivation, persistence and determination; Strong customer service orientation; Strong presentation skills; Must be familiar with Sales Funnel methodology and process; Knowledge of Excel, Word and PowerPoint. 
ScrapedJobID989:
5+ years' experience as an engineer in SAP environment doing ABAP development 3+ years' experience in SAP CAR specifically SAP-PMR application 3+ years of experience in SAP MM/SD modules 5+ years of experience in ABAP objects, Web Dynpro and BAPIs/RFCs. 3+ years' experience with SAP user exits and Enhancement frameworks as BADIs, Implicit and explicit enhancements 3+ years' experience with SAP VOFM Routines, Data dictionary and IDOC processing 2+ years' experience with proxy, webservices, OData services and REST APIs Experience with ABAP on S4 HANA is a must 3+ years' experience in SAP CAR specifically SAP PMR application Conversant in common Internet technologies and protocols (HTTP, SSL, OAuth, JWT, REST, JSON, XML, etc.), and Experience with API tools such as Postman, Swagger/OpenAPI etc. 3+ years of performance testing, tuning and analysis experience, in the SAP development industry ideally in the retail space. Experience understanding and applying OO design pattern. Hands on experience with debugging, configuration and databases. Experience with UML modeling and effective communication for design reviews. Experience with highly scalable, high performance, 100% stable SAP application development Agile experienced. Design, implement, and unit test ABAP code in SAP ECC and CAR systems Participate in the full SDLC (Agile), including iterative development, estimations and design sessions. Deliver project assignments on time and with high quality. Collaborate with Architects and other Software Engineering resources in designing and implementing integrated, enterprise solutions. Perform software (and occasionally hardware) root cause analysis. Provide expertise in the development and calibration of software. Work with distributed teams across various time zones. Work with other senior developers, software architects and quality assurance engineers to resolve development roadblocks. Work with the Technical Lead to create and own system design documentation following standard templates; take initiatives to periodically review and recommend improvements to the templates as needs arise and to keep all documentation up-to-date. Act as subject matter expert (SME) in assigned business and technical domains with an excellent understanding of business and system processes, inter relationship/dependencies/interactions among system components and how things work end to end. Act as the "go-to" person on integration related questions. 
ScrapedJobID990:
Writes technology and SOPs and work instructions and maintains the master documents in a filing system Plans, organizes, and evaluates the activities and operations of ERP and associated technology Review ERP issues with various departments and assist in determining potential impact based on knowledge of application Becomes corporate ‘super user’ of ERP system specifically in manufacturing aspect Provide input on corrective measure to be taken and provide clarification on technology requirements Responsible for scheduling necessary upgrades, creating/modifying test methods as required and maintaining maintenance schedule Coordinate and conduct internal Technology audits Develops and maintains project plans to support all technology and Administration activities Provide assistance and be a go to level 1 support Provide ‘help-desk” type for “level 2” escalated issues for the ERP system Self educate continually on Company manufacturing process Backup resource for other ERP superusers in various departments University degree in Computer Science & Programming 5+ years of working in Programmer/Analyst and Technology focused role Extensive experience in working with ERP/MRP/CRM systems. Several years of experience working with programs such as PHP, Java, Visual Basic Studio (C#/ C++) Experience working with database management programs such as SQL/MySQL including XML and XSL technologies Experienced in creation of End User Documentation and Standard Operating Procedure Experience with Quality Assurance and Software Testing Ability to work under pressure with simultaneous deadlines Excellent problem solving, interpersonal, and organization skills Dental care Extended health care On-site parking 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Do you have a University degree in Computer Science and/ or Programming? Do you have experience working with programs such as PHP, Java, Visual Basic Studio (C#/ C++)? Programming: 5 years (preferred) IT: 5 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID991:
Comptabiliser les factures dans le système People Soft Répartir les coûts entre les divisions (répartir les montants de certaines factures qui sont attribuables aux autres divisions et s'assurer de recharger le montant correspondant) S’assurer de la résolution des problèmes relatifs aux factures incomplètes Concilier les écarts entre les biens et services commandés, la réception et la facturation (match exception) Concilier les états de comptes des fournisseurs Concilier les comptes inter-compagnie et les auxiliaires. Faire le suivi de la résolution des litiges avec le comptable concerné Valider le rapport de frais courus Balancer la fin du mois Donner un service de qualité à nos clients internes, en répondant à leurs questions et en effectuant diverses analyses Répondre aux questions des fournisseurs en provenance du centre d’appels par le biais de recherches dans le système Autres tâches connexes Diplôme d’étude collégiale ou expérience pertinente Minimum 2 ans d’expérience Connaissance du cycle d'approvisionnement et des exigences provinciales et fédérales en matière de fiscalité un sérieux atout Bonne capacité d'analyse Connaissance des logiciels Office (Outlook, Excel, Word) Bilinguisme français/anglais La possibilité de profiter d’un milieu de travail dynamique et hautement stimulant où vous pourrez faire votre marque et mener une carrière impressionnante. Des occasions de perfectionnement où votre avis compte. Une rémunération concurrentielle, un régime de retraite et des avantages souples que vous pouvez personnaliser selon vos besoins et ceux de votre famille. Des avantages pour les employés, comme des réductions auprès de fournisseurs de divers produits et services, y compris des assurances, des forfaits de données, des voyages et plus Post invoices in the People Soft system Allocate costs between divisions (allocate the amounts of certain invoices that are attributable to other divisions and ensure that the corresponding amount is charged back) Ensure resolution of issues related to incomplete invoices Reconcile discrepancies between goods and services ordered, receipt and invoicing (match exception) Reconcile vendor statements Reconcile inter-company and auxiliary accounts. Follow up on the resolution of disputes with the relevant accountant Validate the accrual report Balance the end of the month Provide quality service to our internal clients by answering their questions and performing various analyses Respond to supplier questions from the call center through system searches Other related tasks College diploma or relevant experience Minimum 2 years of experience Knowledge of the procurement cycle and provincial / federal tax requirements a strong asset Good analytical skills Knowledge of Office software (Outlook, Excel, Word) Bilingualism French/English Opportunity to be part of a dynamic and highly motivating work environment where you can develop your potential and launch an exciting career. Development opportunities where your input makes a difference. A competitive compensation package, pension and flexible benefits that are customizable to you and your family needs. Employee perks such as discounts from suppliers on various products and services such as insurance, wireless bundles, travel, and much more. Du Lundi au Vendredi Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID992:
Recherche et développement d'un bassin de candidats qualifiés pour les futures demandes et besoins Utilisation de différents outils de recherche tels que: Base de données / Indeed / LinkedIn, ETC. Mettre en place une stratégie d'acquisition de talent Publier des offres d'emploi sur différents médias, sites Internet Recevoir, trier et analyser les candidatures Coordonner et mener des entrevues (en personne ou par d’autres moyens Visio) Consulter les responsables pour la validation des profils Suivi avec les gestionnaires et les candidats en cours de processus Soumettre des profil et portfolio complet aux gestionnaires / clients Préparer et mettre à jour les rapports quotidiens et hebdomadaires Toute autre tâches administrative connexes (Standardisation des formats de CV, Mettre à jour la base de données, assurer la qualité des informations, préparation des documents d'embauches) Baccalauréat en Relations industrielle OU en Gestion des ressources humaines OU bonne expérience dans un domaine connexe Entre 3 et 5 ans d'expérience pertinente dans le recrutement Posséder un minimum de 1 an dans le secteur du consulting et/ou de l'ingénierie Bilinguisme Français/Anglais, espagnol un atout Être une personne structurée et très organisée Bon entregent et excellente communication Faire preuve d’esprit d’analyse et d’investigation Avoir un bon esprit d’équipe Être orienté vers l’atteinte des objectifs et avoir un bon sens des priorités Faire preuve d’éthique et intégrité Logiciels de bureautique Être familier avec les plateformes de recrutement et les médias sociaux 5 jours de congés maladie et urgence familiale payés 3 semaines de vacances après un an de service Les assurances collectives couvrant les soins médicaux et dentaires, la vie et l'invalidité long terme Possibilité de télétravail et de banquer vos heures (16 heures par paie) Un service télémédecine Un panier de fruit bien garni toutes les semaines (Lorsque les bureaux réouvriront) Un abonnement à un centre sportif après 3 mois de service Bons de réduction chez plus de 1000 marchands Voyages professionnels pour foires d'emploi à l'internationale Research and development of a pool of qualified candidates for future demands and needs Use of different research tools such as: Database / Indeed / LinkedIn, ETC. Set up a talent acquisition strategy Publish job offers on various media, websites Receive, sort, and analyze applications Coordinate and conduct interviews (in person or by video means) Consult the managers for the validation of profiles Follow-up with managers and candidates during the process Submit profiles and complete portfolio to managers / clients Prepare and update daily and weekly reports Any other related administrative tasks (Standardization of CV formats, Update the database, ensure the quality of information, prepare hiring documents) Bachelor's degree in Industrial Relations OR in Human Resources Management OR good experience in a related field Between 3 and 5 years of relevant experience in recruitment Have a minimum of 1 year in the consulting and / or engineering sector Fluency in French and English, Spanish an asset French / English bilingualism Be a structured and very organized person Good interpersonal skills and excellent communication Demonstrate a spirit of analysis and investigation Have a good team spirit Be oriented towards achieving objectives and have a good sense of priorities Demonstrate ethics and integrity MS Office software Be familiar with recruitment platforms and social media 5 jours de congés maladie et urgence familiale payés 3 semaines de vacances après un an de service Les assurances collectives couvrant les soins médicaux et dentaires, la vie et l'invalidité long terme Possibilité de télétravail et de banquer vos heures (16 heures par paie) Un service télémédecine Un panier de fruit bien garni toutes les semaines (Lorsque les bureaux réouvriront) Un abonnement à un centre sportif après 3 mois de service Bons de réduction chez plus de 1000 marchands Voyages professionnels pour foires d'emploi à l'internationale 5 days of paid sick leave and family emergency 3 weeks vacation after one year of service Group insurance covering medical and dental care, life and long-term disability Possibility of teleworking and banking your hours (16 hours per pay) Telemedicine services A well-stocked fruit basket every week (When the offices reopen) A subscription to a sports center after 3 months of service Discount coupons at more than 1000 merchants Professional trips for international job fairs 
ScrapedJobID993:
Prepare review and notice to reader engagements in Caseware Prepare entries and financial statements Complete corporate tax returns and liaise with our tax professionals Prepare account summaries and reconciliations Prepare correspondence to clients and the Canada Revenue Agency Assist managers with client meeting preparation Must possess a university degree and/or college diploma in accounting, or equivalent related experience Must have experience and software knowledge in Caseware, Quickbooks, Taxprep Public accounting firm experience is preferred. The ability to work independently in a fast-paced, dynamic team-oriented environment Must be available to work overtime during peak seasons Competitive compensation Comprehensive Benefits package including vacation time! Company prides itself with having one, if not the best work-life balance in the industry The opportunity to grow your career and knowledge and be part of 1 of the big 4 companies around the world Educational allowance Annual gym allowance of $1,000 Annual mental health allowance of $5,000 
ScrapedJobID994:
Prioritize, plan and oversee IT projects and required staffing Oversee recruitment, training, retention, and organization of all IT staff based on upcoming projects and budget requirements Coach, mentor, motivate, supervise and evaluate team members, and promote positive actions and accountability for their assigned work Manage and develop all IT procedures, policies and standards to improve quality and efficiency Be mindful of and committed to the long term corporate vision and objectives and technological tools that can help achieve them Identify areas of potential business development and keep up to date with emerging industry trends and technologies Implement IT systems, strategic and operational plans and ensure that current and future IT needs are met Oversee the production of pre-planning studies, execution, and finalization of all IT projects according to strict deadlines and within budget? Architecture Evaluate, identify and oversee the integration of optimal technology platforms to deliver the company&rsquo;s services (web application frameworks, email service and communication systems, web application hosting providers, etc&hellip;) Ensure that technology standards and best practices are maintained across the organization Monitor network security and ensure confidentiality, integrity and availability of the company&rsquo;s data and servers Plan enterprise-wide disaster recovery and business continuity plans Oversee the deployment process of applications and platforms Participate in the scoping process of new projects Review technical designs, wireframes and specification documents to ensure conformance to development standards Establish and supervise a quality assurance process, including integration and system testing Set forth development methodology and oversee testing, coding conventions and documentation standards REQUIRED SKILLS Bachelor&rsquo;s degree in Computer Sciences, Computer Engineering, Business with IT background or equivalent experience Over 10 years of experience in software development and IT system management Over 5 years of experience managing a software development team Excellent leadership and communication skills – verbal and written Excellent time-management, organizational and prioritization skills Exceptional attention to detail Experience with web application deployment and frameworks Knowledge of software development standards and best practices Experience with risk management, data recovery, information security and PCI compliance Knowledge of Internet protocols and RFC standards, database management and revision control systems Experience with UNIX system administration and web server configuration Strong working knowledge of PHP, MySQL, CSS, XHTML, one or more JavaScript frameworks, and AJAX Experience in Java, Ruby on Rails, Grails JSON, HTML5/HTML,Flex/Flash or JavaScript an asset Experience with iPhone, iPad and Android mobile applications Strong interest in the latest trends and innovations in the IT industry 
ScrapedJobID995:
Être responsable de l’assemblage électronique de documents de clients personnels et d'entreprise à l'aide d'Adobe Acrobat et autres systèmes; Être responsable de l’assemblage et finalisation des livrables fiscaux par voie électronique; Organiser, photocopier et numériser les feuillets des contribuables et autres documents; Collecter et livrer des dossiers au personnel; Saisir, formater et modifier des documents standard et non standard à l'aide de MS Word, Excel et Adobe et autres logiciels selon les besoins (par exemple, correspondance, rapports, présentations, etc.); Assembler les trousses de déclaration de revenus électroniques et papier et les poster sur le site Web sécurisé; Faxer, photocopier et numériser des documents et les télécharger dans la base de données Global Office et dans notre système de gestion de documents, TAX DMS; Maintenir les listes de suivi d'équipe et imprimer les rapports d'avancement des travaux sur une base hebdomadaire; Maintenir les manuels et les listes de contrôle pour le travail au besoin; Coordonner avec les autres départements pour assurer la production en temps opportun des documents. Solide compréhension de MS Office et de la suite Google, y compris de solides compétences en Word et Excel; Solide connaissance pratique de la manipulation de texte et de graphiques dans des documents et certains; Connaissance du travail dans les programmes PDF; Solides compétences de bureau; Dépôt des documents finaux dans les référentiels LoS (par exemple, Tax DMS), si demandé; Capacité à gérer plusieurs priorités dans le temps imparti et à respecter les délais; Exécuter les tâches avec une grande attention aux détails et maintenir des normes de qualité élevées; Capacité à travailler avec un minimum de supervision. Assembling documents from personal and corporate clients electronically using Adobe Acrobat and other systems; Assembling and finalizing tax deliverables electronically; Organizing, photocopying and scanning taxpayer slips and other documents; Collecting and delivering folders to staff; Type, format and edit standard and non-standard documents using MS Word, Excel, and Adobe and other software as required (e.g. correspondence, reports, presentations etc.); Assemble electronic and paper tax return packages and post to secure website; Fax, photocopy and scan documents and upload in the Global Office database and in our document management system, TAX DMS; Maintain team tracker lists and print work in progress reports on a weekly basis; Maintain manuals and checklists for work as required; Coordinate with other departments to ensure timely production of documents. Solid understanding of MS Office and Google Suite, including strong Word and Excel skills; Strong working knowledge of manipulating text and graphics in documents and some knowledge of working in PDF programs; Strong clerical skills; Filing final documents into LoS repositories (e.g. Tax DMS), if requested; Maintain professional, digital and technical knowledge through the use of firm tools, attending training sessions & establishing personal networks; Understand ethical behavior and business practices and ensure your own behavior and the behavior of others are consistent with these standards and align with the values of the organization; Set priorities, develop a work schedule, monitor progress towards goals, and track details/data/information/activities; Ability to manage multiple priorities in the allocated time and meet deadlines; Execute duties with significant attention to detail and maintain high quality standards; Ability to work with minimal supervision; Communicates regularly and professionally with internal colleagues and with clients via email and phone to obtain and provide information regarding client files and is able to adapt their communication to the specific need, interest and audience. 
ScrapedJobID996:
Guide and support users on creating incidents/requests, using Knowledge Base, User induction Provision equipment to end users: Computers and other equipment Act as a Subject Matter Expert for local hardware and software and guide dispatch-technicians as needed Support local IT hardware like workstations, printers and other (small) IT equipment. This consist of image/reimage, break fix/hardware Refresh and shipping of IT equipment (to other locations) IT representative and coordinator for multiple sites Build Relationship with End-Users and act as the voice of the customer Provide local hands- and eyes services for all local IT Infrastructure for planned, unplanned, outages & turnarounds Assist and support RDS (Remote Desktop Support)/Apps team on local applications. The IT OSS Regional Admin will have detailed knowledge about the local IT solutions and will provide guidance for local non-SAP applications An IT OSS Regional Admin could support other locations outside of their region as required. Associate should expect to be in an on-call rotation. Manage Change Management for her/his region with a focus on Service Provider Management Problem Management: Escalations and Manage End-User Satisfaction Assures communication to end users about IT Services including translation of IT related announcements Act as onsite contact and coordinator for dispatch-technicians, outside vendors and service providers Assign tasks and responsibilities to dispatch-technicians and 3rd parties Follow IT support escalation process and procedures Train and guide dispatch-technicians as needed Liaison between IT towers and the end-users Partner with Site leadership to advertise IT value and discover new IT needs/requirements Support Workplace Services with Patch, Image and package lifecycle Perform activities in adherence to Business Continuity Service Validation and Testing Management Continual Service Improvement Coordinate IT procurement for her/his region Guide Procurement on vendors, invoice queries, none standard items Responsible for Inventory management: Keep CMDB up-to-date and manage IT inventory at sites, including physical checks High value assets recording in the CMDB and low value asset tracking in Tracking sheets Enter Good Receipt in SAP for IT equipment receival Responsible for full lifecycle Asset Management, end-to-end: Procurement to disposal Guide TEM team on mobile/data/voice lines Provide support to IT Solution managers for wireless and Fixed-line Telecom services Local Supplier Management - Other third-party supplier Asset management: Hand-out/collection equipment to end-user Business Relationship with End-Users and act as the voice of the customer Partner with Site leadership to advertise IT value and discover new IT needs/requirements Local Supplier Management - Other third-party supplier Implement Site Projects, Enhancements, IT Projects and Compliance Projects as per IT plans Coordinate and prioritize multiple site IT projects and IT Enhancements. Act as IT representative and coordinator between business, IT and vendors Act as a Subject Matter Expert for local hardware and software and guide dispatch-technicians as needed Local Supplier Management - Other third-party supplier Oversees and participate in projects for her/his region to assure highest quality. Coordinator’s role in these projects may vary from project to project. Makes fact-based decisions – is not swayed by contrary opinions or perceptions Is continually curious and open to new ideas Enables an environment that embraces creativity and innovation Takes the time to listen for understanding and asks questions to clarify Uses communication skills that enhance teamwork (listens, is open, is honest, timely, and direct) Encourages others to listen using active listening skills Communicates directly, honestly, respectfully and in a timely manner to resolve conflict Uses simple language that is clear and to the point Is able to clearly define reality, even if it is controversial Practices accountability and collaboration to move the conversation forward Openly shares information Actively participates and openly shares with others – is transparent Works well with other departments, functions, regions and cultures Open to learning from others and values views different from own views Prioritizes workload; focuses on completion and is organized Anticipates next steps and works towards them Promotes a customer-focused culture and continuously strives to deliver value to the customer Works with customers (internal and external) to understand and meet their needs Keeps a promise, trust or pledge to do something now or in the future Actions and behaviors align with the goals of the organization Is fully engaged Makes smart decisions quickly Receives feedback and adjust behavior Effectively works and communicates in a matrix environment At least 3 years of experiences in related IT field Strong analytical skills for complex problem solving. Experience with Release Management, Configuration management, Systems Integration, Quality Assurance and Testing, Requirements Gathering, and Systems Analysis and Design Has basic knowledge of Enterprise Architect Framework and processes Has basic knowledge of Project Management skills Ability to articulate technical topics to non-technical audiences Solid organizational skills including attention to detail and multitasking skills Ability to effectively work and communicate within a matrix environment Proficient in Microsoft Office and Outlook Good interpersonal skills with strong written and oral communication skills Bachelors Degree in IT Previous Experience in Managed Services environment 
ScrapedJobID997:
Quebec City QC / Remote Work Travel Required Must be Bilingual NDT VT2, UT L2, MP L2, ET Required Advantageous salary, according to union grid Group insurance Salary insurance paid by the company Retirement Savings Plans Parental leave Must have the following certifications from Natural Resources Canada's non-destructive certification agency VT2 according to CSA W178.1 Level 2 in Magnetic Particle Level 2 in Ultrasonic Testing (asset) Level 2 in Penetrant Testing (asset) Recognized as an exposure device operator certified by the Canadian Nuclear Safety Commission would be an asset; Must be able to read, understand and follow work instructions in a safe, accurate and timely manner. Candidates must be proficient in different types of computer software (Word, Excel. PowerPoint, and Outlook). Proven ability to manage and coordinate multiple projects in a dynamic and highly professional environment. Candidates must demonstrate excellent verbal and written communication skills, including grammar and composition. Ability to work well with others and independently. Proven time management skills and attention to detail; work well under pressure. Québec QC / Travail à distance Voyage requis Doit être bilingue NDT VT2, UT L2, MP L2, ET requis Salaire avantageux, selon grille syndicale Assurances collectives Assurance salaire payée par l’entreprise Plans d’épargne-retraite Doit posséder les certifications suivantes de l'agence de certification non destructive de Ressources naturelles Canada VT2 selon CSA W178.1 Niveau 2 en particules magnétiques Niveau 2 en test par ultrasons (atout) Niveau 2 en ressuage (atout) Reconnu comme opérateur d'appareil d'exposition certifié par la Commission canadienne de sûreté nucléaire serait un atout; Doit être capable de lire, comprendre et suivre les instructions de travail d'une manière sûre, précise et opportune. Les candidats doivent maîtriser différents types de logiciels informatiques (Word, Excel. PowerPoint et Outlook). Aptitude avérée à gérer et à coordonner plusieurs projets dans un environnement dynamique et hautement professionnel. Les candidats doivent démontrer d'excellentes compétences en communication verbale et écrite, y compris la grammaire et la composition. Capacité à bien travailler avec les autres et de manière indépendante. Compétences avérées en gestion du temps et grand souci du détail ; fonctionne bien sous pression. 
ScrapedJobID998:
Work closely with team members to build new websites and website features, primarily in WordPress; Participate in code reviews and knowledge sharing such as pair programming; Attend regular sprint activities such as standups, grooming and retrospectives; Work closely with our product, graphic design, SEO and business teams to incubate ideas and then execute to make those ideas a reality; Code website front-end user interfaces in a combination of HTML, CSS and JS; Code website content management back-ends and user-facing application logic; Work with our Quality Assurance team to help automate website and application testing and repetitive development tasks; Collaborate with other development team members and other departments to drive innovation and help define internal standards; Participate in self-directed learning, tech groups and workshops to learn new technologies and expand knowledge. 2+ years Professional Software or Website Development experience; Experience building websites in WordPress using custom themes and functionality; Experience coding in PHP (object-oriented programming, dependency management, templating engines); Experience in front-end web technologies like HTML, CSS, JS; Experience with Unix-based systems and using CLIs; Experience with code versioning tools, such as git. 
ScrapedJobID999:
He/she performs Software Development activities on the project assigned. Hierarchical : Software Domain Leader Train Control Engineer / Control Engineers Train Control & Monitoring System – Subsystem Engineer Quality of his delivery (included sub-contractor delivery):1st time quality rate > 90% (quality rate = modification validated OK / number of modification applied) Respect of the delivery planning (included sub-contractor delivery):100% OTD Level of application of std Methodologies and Processes for his / her project: 100% Delivery of Train Software module and integration of the module, according to his / her Engineering Work Package. Deployment and application of Train Control & Information Solutions development procedures and processes on his / her project.  Producing MPU Control Build Software Model in compliance with TCMS RSAD, Functional Design Document, Interface Control Document, taking into account the RAMS constraints. Developing software / modules for TCMS equipment (while assuring and maximizing the reuse of standard configurable software components Generating executable code and configuration to be loaded on the TCMS equipment : MPU (Main Process Unit), MCE (Multi-application Control Electronic) , DDU (Display Driver Unit) , MVB/WTB, gateway, CRS/TRS Producing the software integration plan, integrate various functions and provide reports, as applicable. Providing support for Supplier interface test on TCMS Test Bench Providing support during train integration, upon request. Providing support during train validation, upon request. Managing the RoE of his activity for both design process and applicative function library Implementing the development practices and rules as defined in the Train Control support plans (SyMDP, SyQP, SCMP, SyVP). Resolving and follow the open points of configuration management raised by the Quality Assurance of the TCMS Software  Hands-on development experience of one or more software phases like software development, hardware-software integration etc, with minimum of 3 years’ experience. Experience in developing in IEC61131-3 software or using model based development tools like Matlab / Simulink, Control Build etc. Familiarity with real-time, distributed controllers and their functioning. Knowledge of real time network protocols like MVB, Ethernet, CAN, RS232, RS 485 etc 
ScrapedJobID1000:
Assist with and coordinate product launch; ensuring timing and labour budget requirements are achieved. Develop and conduct production, inventory, and quality assurance programs in manufacturing area. Develop and implement timeline (schedule) based on customer expectations and realistic possibilities. Develop and implement continuous improvement initiatives on all tooling/equipment and production processes. Perform ongoing process evaluations including equipment time studies, run at rate studies, tool changeover studies etc. Develop manufacturing and processing procedures and variables, set machines & equipment controls, oversee production and inspect processes. Ensure GD&T compliance on drawings Create and maintain process documentation (work instructions, training, check sheets, etc.) Prepare and interpret AutoCAD & Solid works designs, drawings, and specifications for the products before launch Assist in inspection of mechanical installations Upkeep of existing and new bill of materials (BOM's) Minimum 1-2 years’ experience in Industrial/Manufacturing Engineering Technology Experience working with software: Mastercam, Solidworks and AutoCAD. College level diploma in Industrial, Mechanical or Manufacturing Engineering Technology is required. Dental care Extended health care Vision care Monday to Friday Industrial/Manufacturing Engineering Technology: 1 year (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1001:
Hands on experience in native mobile automation development (Android and iOS) using Java and Appium Good understanding of core Java Hands on experience in API/Service testing using tools such as Parasoft SOATest, SoapUI, ReadyAPI, Postman Experience working with software delivery methodologies (Agile) Experience leveraging source code management tools, i.e., Git, BitBucket, GitHub Experience with BDD using Cucumber (Nice to have) Experience with Jenkins (Nice to have) Experience with HP ALM, JIRA and Confluence 8 hour shift Quality Assurance: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1002:
8 hour shift ArcGIS: 6 years (preferred) ArcPy: 6 years (preferred) Geo-spatial solutions: 6 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1003:
Être responsable de l’assemblage électronique de documents de clients personnels et d'entreprise à l'aide d'Adobe Acrobat et autres systèmes; Être responsable de l’assemblage et finalisation des livrables fiscaux par voie électronique; Organiser, photocopier et numériser les feuillets des contribuables et autres documents; Collecter et livrer des dossiers au personnel; Saisir, formater et modifier des documents standard et non standard à l'aide de MS Word, Excel et Adobe et autres logiciels selon les besoins (par exemple, correspondance, rapports, présentations, etc.); Assembler les trousses de déclaration de revenus électroniques et papier et les poster sur le site Web sécurisé; Faxer, photocopier et numériser des documents et les télécharger dans la base de données Global Office et dans notre système de gestion de documents, TAX DMS; Maintenir les listes de suivi d'équipe et imprimer les rapports d'avancement des travaux sur une base hebdomadaire; Maintenir les manuels et les listes de contrôle pour le travail au besoin; Coordonner avec les autres départements pour assurer la production en temps opportun des documents. Solide compréhension de MS Office et de la suite Google, y compris de solides compétences en Word et Excel; Solide connaissance pratique de la manipulation de texte et de graphiques dans des documents et certains; Connaissance du travail dans les programmes PDF; Solides compétences de bureau; Dépôt des documents finaux dans les référentiels LoS (par exemple, Tax DMS), si demandé; Capacité à gérer plusieurs priorités dans le temps imparti et à respecter les délais; Exécuter les tâches avec une grande attention aux détails et maintenir des normes de qualité élevées; Capacité à travailler avec un minimum de supervision. Assembling documents from personal and corporate clients electronically using Adobe Acrobat and other systems; Assembling and finalizing tax deliverables electronically; Organizing, photocopying and scanning taxpayer slips and other documents; Collecting and delivering folders to staff; Type, format and edit standard and non-standard documents using MS Word, Excel, and Adobe and other software as required (e.g. correspondence, reports, presentations etc.); Assemble electronic and paper tax return packages and post to secure website; Fax, photocopy and scan documents and upload in the Global Office database and in our document management system, TAX DMS; Maintain team tracker lists and print work in progress reports on a weekly basis; Maintain manuals and checklists for work as required; Coordinate with other departments to ensure timely production of documents. Solid understanding of MS Office and Google Suite, including strong Word and Excel skills; Strong working knowledge of manipulating text and graphics in documents and some knowledge of working in PDF programs; Strong clerical skills; Filing final documents into LoS repositories (e.g. Tax DMS), if requested; Maintain professional, digital and technical knowledge through the use of firm tools, attending training sessions & establishing personal networks; Understand ethical behavior and business practices and ensure your own behavior and the behavior of others are consistent with these standards and align with the values of the organization; Set priorities, develop a work schedule, monitor progress towards goals, and track details/data/information/activities; Ability to manage multiple priorities in the allocated time and meet deadlines; Execute duties with significant attention to detail and maintain high quality standards; Ability to work with minimal supervision; Communicates regularly and professionally with internal colleagues and with clients via email and phone to obtain and provide information regarding client files and is able to adapt their communication to the specific need, interest and audience. 
ScrapedJobID1004:
Performs analysis and design duties as well as programming, modelling and scripting, testing, documentation and deployment preparation. Coordinates and prepares needs analysis and detailed component design. Conducts user interviews to determine detailed systems requirements. Completes preliminary analysis, system and functional design, workflow diagrams for quality systems development. Prepares front-end prototypes and mockups of user interface. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains shared JavaScript libraries and components. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains HTML5 and hybrid mobile apps. Designs and develops systems that comply with access and privacy legislation. Coordinates and develops program specifications and documentation. Designs and conducts all levels of testing i.e. unit, system, integration, regression, performance, security, usability, optimization/configuration and coordinates user acceptance testing. Liaises and coordinates with internal and external consultants in detailed systems deliverables and technical problem resolution. Implements enterprise in-house developed/custom/packaged systems, component releases, and systems changes. Tests integrated systems to ensure system compatibility and proper functional integration. Provides application maintenance and enhancement including implementation of vendor systems fixes and patches. Conducts quality assurance on departmental and external developments. Develops systems interfaces between enterprise and divisional systems. Performs information and application data conversions. Provides development support to users by providing technical assistance and troubleshooting. Provides documentation and instruction/training to users of the system. Designs and develops application security interfaces to enable clients in controlling and administering access to their systems. Provides expertise, advice and technical skills for information and application service delivery. Conducts research and evaluation of hardware/software/framework and makes recommendations. Recommends, presents and demonstrates system solutions to City management and corporate business clients. Conducts presentations, system demonstrations and system walk-throughs at project review meetings. Participates as a team member in the execution of project plans providing technical expertise and advice re: architecture, development tools, work effort estimates. Contributes to project charters, statements of work and project plans, project status reports and variance explanations, risk identification and mitigation planning. Conducts research, investigates and recommends best practices for information and application services. Contributes to post-implementation project reviews. Recommends improvements to current methodologies, processes, standards, policies and guidelines. Contributes in planning of future system growth and provides detailed work plans. Participates in enterprise projects. Conducts feasibility studies. Contribute to business cases, RFI/P/Q's, technical reports by researching and participating in evaluations and recommending solutions. Determines user training needs. Extensive experience in business system analysis, rapid application development and programming in a large, diverse computing environment. Extensive experience in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, and Bootstrap Extensive experience in using REST APIs, including JSON and XML APIs Experience creating program specifications and code documents including use cases, business process models, swimlane process, entity relationship diagrams, class and component models Experience developing and/or maintaining large scale information technology applications Experience in working effectively with a group of multidisciplinary staff in a project team setting. Post-secondary education in computer science or a related discipline, or the approved equivalent combination of education and/or experience. Ability to effectively communicate orally and in writing. Strong inter-personal skills with the ability to work effectively as a member of a team, collaboratively with others in multidisciplinary team environment and work independently, as required. Ability to be self-motivated and work with minimal supervision. Ability to negotiate effective resolution of conflicting business priorities with corporate business Strong analytical, problem solving, listening and interacting skills. Demonstrated business acumen to establish and maintain effective consulting relationships with corporate clients and vendors, using a strong customer service orientation. Ability to work with competing demands, prioritize and meet deadlines. Knowledge of hybrid mobile apps development and Cordova is an asset. Knowledge of current and emerging technologies relating to data warehousing, e-service, quality assurance tools, data retention and document management/imaging. Experience in the following is an asset: Java, iOS mobile app development, Android mobile app development, OData, SAP Fiori, SAP UI5, SharePoint 2013, Oracle PL/SQL, Software AG WebMethods, web communication, Scrum rapid application development methodology. Ability to be on call for support of production systems. Willing to work flexible hours including days, afternoons, nights and weekends, as required. 
ScrapedJobID1005:

ScrapedJobID1006:
Plan, execute, and finalize a wide range of Audit, Review, and Compilation (T1, T2, T3, T5) engagements, both independently and as part of a team governed with Canadian Auditing and Review standards. Supervise junior staff during field assignments, inform managers of engagement status, and manage the outlined engagement progress. Review work performed by junior and intermediate team members for larger assurance engagements. Provide effective leadership, mentorship, and skills development that support the values of the F. Analyze financial information, accounting processes and operations procedures; provide account reconciliations and propose adjusting entries. Prepare and review financial statements and related note disclosures. Ensure financial statements and note disclosures are in accordance with Canadian generally accepted accounting principles (ASPE only). Assess risk, controls, operational performance and adherence to GAAP. Prepare corporate income tax returns. Collaborate with the tax department on client tax planning opportunities. Prepare personal and non-profit organization information and charitable tax returns. Collaborate with peers and senior management on file planning and completion within time constraints. Provide personal, attentive service to clients to encourage productive working relationships. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with clients including communication to arrange timing of year-end inventory counts, interim, and year-end fieldwork. Develop appropriate knowledge, skills and competence consistent with CPA professional development requirements and professional competencies. Other related duties as assigned. CPA designation with a minimum of 5 years’ experience in audit and assurance required. Working knowledge of ASPE standards required. Proficiency with Caseware or other accounting software is preferred. Proficiency with Microsoft Office programs (Word, Excel, etc.) required. Related experience supporting owner-managed private corporations is an asset. Familiarity with various accounting programs and software is considered an asset. Strong project management, problem-solving, time management and prioritizing skills. Dedication to teamwork, leadership, and integrity within a professional environment. Excellent communication skills, with previous experience in a customer service-related position; strong interpersonal and relationship building skills. Commitment to continuous learning. Commitment to organization and high performance. Reliable vehicle and good driving record required as this role will require limited local travel. Culture of lifelong learning Supportive and collaborative work environment Enthusiastic and participative team spirit Commitment to community engagement Flexible hours to allow for work life balance Casual Friday dress policy Competitive and comprehensive benefits Accounting: 5 years (Preferred) Bachelor's Degree (Preferred) CPA (Preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1007:
Provides leadership and in-depth technical expertise in the architectural design and development of Employee Experience solutions. Work on collaboration with Product and Platform owners in the understanding of business requirements and providing design guidance for Employee Experience solutions over MS365 E3 to E5 upgrade Interact with external parties, i.e., Microsoft, other vendors, to maintain a shared understanding of external environments and tendencies around Employee Experience As the Solution Architect you will provide MS365 Subject Matter expertise, coaching and hands on implementation guidance to drive enterprise sized O365 solutions (e.g., SharePoint online, Teams, Exchange online, etc.) Test and plan rollout plan for MS365 tenant-wide settings; including current and upcoming features MS365 workloads like Planner, Stream, Forms, etc. Facilitate discussions with business partners and product owners to understand their business and technical requirements to design MS365 solutions to improve our customers employee experience. Designing complex MS365 solutions, leading work-streams on transformational programs and ensuring conformance to agreed design standards, methods and tools, including prototyping new tools and applications where appropriate. Resolution ownership of technical challenges for MS365 projects and the technical escalation point for the implementation teams. Stay current on MS365 features and capabilities including availability, reliability, performance, monitoring, backup, and security and provides best practices and solution alternatives as part of functional or technical design documents. Establish the governance model for MS365 suite of applications working with other IS groups Occasionally assist with providing inputs to the project plans, estimates and scope for sales proposals and statements of work. Design architecture documentation, including architecture patterns, decisions, and rationale for those decisions Develops new technology capabilities as systems are designed and brought on board to build improved stakeholder functionality. Develops policies, standards and process to identify and manage data and services across systems and applications, ensuring appropriate data and service nomenclatures and definitions are consistently applied Maintain and revise Solution Architecture repository artifacts on Application, Data & Integration domains, as required Contributes to the development and maintenance of the Technology & EA portfolio management frameworks and roadmaps, providing input and expertise in the identification of initiatives and priorities. Contribute to the development of the IS Solution Development Life Cycle framework include Waterfall, Agile or hybrid methodology including automation through tools such as Jira, Confluence is an asset. Subject matter expert on all MS365 products and services such as Microsoft 365 E3 and E5. Specifically: OneDrive, SharePoint, Microsoft Teams (and its voice and video capabilities), etc. Proven track-record of designing complex, large MS365 transformational programs, including hybrid configuration and Identity and Access management. Advanced knowledge and experience implementing, migrating to, and administering most recent versions of SharePoint including SharePoint Online for Office 365. University degree education, preferably specializing in Information Systems or Engineering Experience implementing Microsoft SharePoint in a mixed hardware/software environment Experience gathering requirements including the effective interviewing ability to provide recommendations concerning infrastructure as it relates to the SharePoint product Expertise in SharePoint Online and OneDrive Administration Experience in Site design and customization Key competencies to include coaching, influencing senior stakeholders, managing time & priorities, conflict management, commercial / bid awareness, excellent presentation delivery and technical writing. Experience of working on both Agile and Waterfall project delivery Knowledge and experience of the full software development lifecycle and business analysis methodologies including waterfall and agile, but not limited to: (a) system requirements and scope changes; (b) software development and code management; (c) testing and quality assurance; (d) documentation. Experience with public Cloud providers (Azure preferred) in terms of deployment and services catalogue as well as ability to leverage cloud native framework and technologies (think Reactive manifesto, Kubernetes etc.) for modern software development Solid understanding of modern API landscape. Best practices in API design, Frameworks, Tools (like API Gateway) and Technologies. Excellent understanding of architectural principles including performance, scalability, security, availability and flexibility, and how to design for them Experience of Software Architecture modelling using UML, ArchiMate or similar languages for complex interconnected Enterprise systems. Knowledge and experience with Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) and system integration architecture and patterns Experience implementing DevOps in Waterfall, Lean, or Agile environments Professional certifications in Agile, TOGAF, or other related disciplines are desired 
ScrapedJobID1008:
Collaborer étroitement avec les équipes d'ingénierie pour comprendre pleinement les exigences du produit et effectuer des tests approfondis d'un point de vue commercial. Pour valider les exigences du logiciel/système, définir et construire des plans de test, ainsi qu'enregistrer les cas de test fonctionnels et d'intégration. Pendant le développement du produit, exécuter des cas de test sur les versions du logiciel. Reconnaître, caractériser et documenter les défauts ou les améliorations du produit. Faire des suggestions de solutions possibles. Travailler avec un minimum de supervision et être capable d'agir de manière autonome. Suivre les résultats des tests et signaler tout problème ou difficulté dans la base de données des défauts. Au besoin, surveiller et mettre à jour la base de données des défauts, y compris la fermeture des rapports de bogue. Mettre en place et maintenir l'environnement de test, y compris le matériel, les logiciels et l'infrastructure réseau, afin de maximiser la couverture des tests dans plusieurs environnements. Collaborer avec divers secteurs fonctionnels pour résoudre les difficultés, comprendre et transmettre les problèmes de service à la clientèle, et mettre en production des éléments de haute qualité. Une licence ou une maîtrise en informatique, en génie électrique ou dans un domaine lié aux logiciels est requise (une combinaison équivalente d'études et d'expérience sera prise en compte). 3+ ans d'expertise en intégration et validation de logiciels Solides compétences analytiques, y compris la capacité à résoudre les problèmes et à identifier les causes principales. Excellentes compétences en matière de réseaux (couches de données L2/L3/L4, TCP/IP, Ethernet, routeurs, pare-feu, etc.) Capable d'exécuter des tests fonctionnels de systèmes en utilisant des équipements électroniques et de réseau. Expérience de la validation de logiciels embarqués Connaissance du cycle de vie du développement logiciel, avec un accent sur la détection des défauts. Expérience préalable dans un environnement AGILE Expérience DevOps avec Azure Expérience pratique de la conception et de la mise en œuvre de bancs d'essai électriques. Les simulations HIL (Hardware In Loop), SIL (Software In Loop) et MIL (Model In Loop) vous sont familières. Expérience de Linux ou d'un autre système d'exploitation basé sur POSIX Capacité à aider à l'automatisation des tests (Python de préférence) Expérience de la validation de bases de données (MSSQL/Oracle) en matière de rapports Familiarité avec les machines virtuelles (ESXi, vSphere, Docker) Expérience de validation avec les logiciels de cloud computing Familiarité avec une variété de systèmes de coordonnées (EPSG, WKT, etc.) Le bilinguisme (anglais et français) est une compétence précieuse. Connaissance des applications minières Collaborate closely with engineering teams to fully comprehend product requirements and conduct extensive testing from a business standpoint. To validate software/system requirements, define and build test plans, as well as record functional and integration test cases. During product development, run test cases on software releases. Recognize, characterize, and document product flaws or improvements. Make suggestions for possible solutions. Work with minimal supervision and be able to act on their own. Keep track of test findings and report any problems or difficulties to the defect database. As needed, monitor and update the defect database, including bug report closure. Set up and maintain the test environment, including hardware, software, and network infrastructure, in order to maximize test coverage across several environments. Collaborate with various functional areas to address difficulties, comprehend and escalate customer service issues, and release high-quality items to production A bachelor's or master's degree in computer science, electrical engineering, or a software-related subject is required (equivalent combinations of education and experience will be considered) 3+ years of software integration and validation expertise Strong analytical skills, including the ability to troubleshoot issues and identify main causes Excellent network skills (data layers L2/L3/L4, TCP/IP, Ethernet, routers, firewalls, and so on.) Able to execute functional system tests using electronic and networking equipment Validation experience with embedded software Knowledge of the software development life cycle, with a focus on defect detection Previous experience in an AGILE environment DevOps experience with Azure Hands-on experience with the design and implementation of electrical test benches HIL (Hardware In Loop), SIL (Software In Loop), and MIL (Model In Loop) simulations are all familiar to you. Linux or other POSIX-based operating system experience Ability to help with test automation (Python preferred) Database validation (MSSQL/Oracle) reporting experience Familiarity with virtual machines (ESXi, vSphere, Docker) Validation experience with cloud software Familiarity with a variety of coordinate systems (EPSG, WKT, etc) Bilingualism (English and French) is a valuable skill. Knowledge of mining applications 
ScrapedJobID1009:
5+ years of experience building sophisticated and automated Cloud infrastructure (e.g. Azure, AWS) Experience with project management tools (e.g. JIRA, Azure DevOps, Zephyr) Experience working with open source and COTS development tools (e.g. Git, GitHub, Maven, VS Code, SonarQube, Docker, IntelliJ IDEA) Experience with Azure cloud resource types as follows: Storage accounts, Kubernetes Services, Event Hubs, App Registrations, Application Insights, Function Apps, Virtual Networks, Key Vaults, Load balancers, API connections Experience with Microsoft Lifecycle Services (LCS) Experience with automation in a production environment Experience with seamless/automated build scripts used for release management across all environments. 5+ years of experience building sophisticated and automated Cloud infrastructure (e.g. Azure, AWS) Experience with automation in a production environment Experience with project management tools (e.g. JIRA, Azure DevOps, Zephyr) Experience working with open source and COTS development tools (e.g. Git, GitHub, Maven, VS Code, SonarQube, Docker, IntelliJ IDEA) Experience with Microsoft Lifecycle Services (LCS)? Experience with dotnet, Java, Python, Ruby, and Microsoft technologies Experience with log/event streaming (Events hubs, RabbitMQ, Kafka) Experience and ability to set up Monitoring and Analytics (ELK, ECK, Beats, Azure Monitor, Azure Insights) Completed Post-Secondary education in Computer Science, IT or related areas OR equivalent combination of education and experience Strong working knowledge of coding languages and frameworks (e.g. BASH, Powershell) Knowledge of IP networking, VPN's, DNS, load balancing and firewalls Demonstrated problem-solving and troubleshooting skills Experience with dotnet, Java, Python, Ruby, and Microsoft technologies Knowledge on how to design and support Continuous Integration and Deployment (CICD) pipelines using ADO , VSTS, Jenkins for Serverless apps (Azure Functions), Dynamics F&O code and data, as well as for Azure SQL Databases, MySQL, MSSQL, NoSQL etc. Experience with log/event streaming (Events hubs, RabbitMQ, Kafka) Experience and ability to set up Monitoring and Analytics (ELK, ECK, Beats, Azure Monitor, Azure Insights) Knowledge on how to design and support Continuous Integration and Deployment (CICD) pipelines using ADO , VSTS, Jenkins for Serverless apps (Azure Functions), Dynamics F&O code and data, as well as for Azure SQL Databases, MySQL, MSSQL, NoSQL etc. Experience and Skill Set Requirements Education/Knowledge Requirements: 20% Completed Post-Secondary education in Computer Science, IT or related areas OR equivalent combination of education and experience Strong working knowledge of coding languages and frameworks (e.g. BASH, Powershell) Knowledge on how to design and support Continuous Integration and Deployment (CICD) pipelines using ADO , VSTS, Jenkins for Serverless apps (Azure Functions), Dynamics F&O code and data, as well as for Azure SQL Databases, MySQL, MSSQL, NoSQL etc. Knowledge of IP networking, VPN's, DNS, load balancing and firewalls Experience working with open source and COTS development tools (e.g. Git, GitHub, Maven, VS Code, SonarQube, Docker, IntelliJ IDEA) Experience with Microsoft Lifecycle Services (LCS) Experience with dotnet, Java, Python, Ruby, and Microsoft technologies Experience with log/event streaming (Events hubs, RabbitMQ, Kafka) Experience and ability to set up Monitoring and Analytics (ELK, ECK, Beats, Azure Monitor, Azure Insights). Manage code releases Assist with automation and streamlining of OCS operations and processes Troubleshoot and resolve issues in the OCS environment related to automation and IT infrastructure Collaborate with software developers and Quality Assurance (QA) in a DevOps environment Perform code reviews and versioning control for deployments in Dynamics 365, Shopify and custom-built OCS solutions Provide and maintain code branching strategies and code check-in strategies Identify code merging issues and assist development team with resolution Facilitate code validation sessions, develop test cases and assist/drive running of SIT and DIT tests Automate, provide guidance and drive the build and deployment of code packages for the OCS Development Team within development and production environments Identify areas of opportunity for further automation and re-usable code of testing of in-house development Participate in strategic project-planning meetings Provide expertise on system options, evaluate risk and impact to the business Assist with maintenance and troubleshooting and provide recommendations for enhancing performance Partner closely with internal business stakeholders to manage application infrastructure, configuration and deployment in Quality Assurance, User Acceptance Testing and Production environments Analyze end systems and infrastructure, provide guidance for enhancing performance, automation and stability via gap analysis Troubleshoot and provide strategic insight into recurring issues within production environments Administer and provision cloud and SQL server infrastructure, access and deployments Self-starter with the ability to quickly learn new tools and products Excellent verbal and written documentation skills. 
ScrapedJobID1010:
Bonuses Insurance coverage as of Day One Paid vacation and personal days RRSP matching Personal Spending Account (PSA) A modern Continuous Performance Process approach Dynamic and engaged culture Open-concept workspace with spectacular views of the city! Liaise with various internal departments regarding the integration, configuration, and troubleshooting of our proprietary software applications. Create, build, automate and improve the monitoring process and procedures Ensure a high level of availability of our various systems and applications to keep up with our SLAs and OLAs. Secure application systems and perform required daily controls. Execute application systems performance management and monitoring functions. Ensure proper operation of the different environments currently supported and conduct regular tests on them. Work with the team to ensure code delivery processes are followed and respected. Troubleshoot and provide level 3 technical support Ensure all production and non-production issues are tracked and perform the necessary follow-ups and/or escalations with the required internal or external departments. Help provide detailed root cause analysis of issues when they occur and help provide workarounds and solutions. Eliminate recurring technical issues by providing and implementing solid solutions in collaboration with cross-functional teams across multiple sites such as Network Operations, Quality Assurance and Development. University degree in Computer Science, Programming, or equivalent education or experience. Between 5 to 10 years of experience. Good working knowledge of UNIX or Linux and UNIX/Linux shell scripting Networking knowledge Experience in data analysis (SQL) Working knowledge of Perl and Java Knowledge of monitoring tools such as SolarWinds and New Relic Understanding of Jira and Service Now ticketing systems Knowledge of Splunk Knowledge of WebLogic 11 and up, Sun Solaris, RHEL, VM Ware ESX 5, Oracle database, F5 load balancer and global traffic manager (Akamai). Experience in a banking, financial services or credit card processing environment You are familiar and comfortable working in a production environment and are committed to producing high-quality work according to an unpredictable schedule. You are responsible and a solid team player who can work independently and have strong synthesizing and analytical skills. You can multitask and work in a fast-paced environment, often on projects with tight timelines and different/shifting priorities. Good communication skills (spoken and written). Availability for possible after-hours support of the team. Outstanding troubleshooting skills, customer-oriented attitude, detail oriented and organized. 
ScrapedJobID1011:
Negotiate, develop, monitor and control the scope of deliverables, work plans, schedules and budgets for all project stages Prior experience in project delivery, project management, and client management is required Develop a detailed work plan for all mechanical disciplines, allocate hours to the work plan and monitor project progress weekly Lead an integrated team in the quality assurance and quality control procedures for all deliverables, specifically the construction drawings and specifications Lead and attend regular coordination meetings Demonstrate an ability to coordinate with other team members and to collaborate with other professional disciplines Maintain a good understanding of the project scope and when changes to the scope occur, negotiate solutions to ensure outcomes meet client expectations and contractual obligations; prepare PCNs as required Ensure timely communications throughout all project phases, develop and maintain meeting minutes, and follow up on all action items Comply with Quality Management System (IQMS) methodology; develop, monitor and control scope, deliverables, work plan, schedules and budget for all project stages Monitor, control and report project progress (% complete) on a monthly basis as part of the project review process Participate in monthly project reviews to review project, budget work plan, schedule and risks Coordinate with contractor, sub-consultants or relevant building authorities to address and document issues with constructability or owner concerns Attend and conduct progress meetings before, during, and after the duration of the project to exchange information and resolve issues or concerns with various key stakeholders; prepare and issue meeting minutes Ensure that all project close out documents are submitted and forwarded to appropriate parties upon completion of the project Act as the primary liaison with the client, contractor and project team Ensure close client relationships are maintained through regular contact; stays informed of changing needs and direction Participate in client planning sessions to prioritize activities and make client presentations as required Maintains and develops positive client relations to ensure business continuity and promote business growth Support new business opportunities by leveraging existing contacts Maximize growth and increase market share by identifying potential business opportunities Manages the operational side of projects by ensuring that project and business risks are identified and mitigated, minimizing unbilled revenue, and following up with accounts receivables to avoid delays in payments Monitor and maintain positive relationships with colleagues, consultants and key stakeholders Participate in the development of comprehensive business solutions that that meet and exceed client objectives for new and existing projects Works to develop strategies for cross-selling and educating clients about the firm’s areas of expertise Provides insight on industry trends Membership in a Relevant professional association is considered an asset Ability to interpret drawings, specifications, addenda to complete mechanical take offs and create an accurate mechanical tender submission Have successfully completed related post-secondary education Proficient in Mechanical engineering systems and design Proficient with Mechanical building system designs, commissioning, permitting and building codes Possess superior leadership, time management and problem solving skills and displays creativity in design P.Eng or EIT designation a definite asset A degree in Mechanical Engineering a definite asset A minimum of 3 years of experience as an Project Manager/Estimator in a commercial setting A desire to continue a career path as an Project Manager Experience with Mechanical Project Management Software - experience with BIM, Revit, Bluebeam or similar CAD software a definite asset project management/estimating: 3 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1012:
Work closely with team members to build new websites and website features, primarily in WordPress; Participate in code reviews and knowledge sharing such as pair programming; Attend regular sprint activities such as standups, grooming and retrospectives; Work closely with our product, graphic design, SEO and business teams to incubate ideas and then execute to make those ideas a reality; Code website front-end user interfaces in a combination of HTML, CSS and JS; Code website content management back-ends and user-facing application logic; Work with our Quality Assurance team to help automate website and application testing and repetitive development tasks; Collaborate with other development team members and other departments to drive innovation and help define internal standards; Participate in self-directed learning, tech groups and workshops to learn new technologies and expand knowledge. 2+ years Professional Software or Website Development experience; Experience building websites in WordPress using custom themes and functionality; Experience coding in PHP (object-oriented programming, dependency management, templating engines); Experience in front-end web technologies like HTML, CSS, JS; Experience with Unix-based systems and using CLIs; Experience with code versioning tools, such as git. 
ScrapedJobID1013:
Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Événements d'Entreprise Gym sur place Programme d'Aide aux Employés Programmes de Bien-être Réductions Tarifaires REER Collectif Stationnement sur place Disponibilité la fin de semaine Du Lundi au Vendredi Quart de jour École Secondaire (Souhaité) Gestion du personnel: 1 an (Souhaité) service à la clientèle: 1 an (Souhaité) Français (Souhaité) 
ScrapedJobID1014:
The E3 – Engineer is a fully qualified and accredited engineering professional who applies theoretical and practical knowledge to provide engineering design, estimating, planning, and quality management services for low to medium complexity projects and/or operations safely, with quality, within budget, and on time. Experience and Role Accountabilities A minimum four (4) years of in a relevant engineering field or equivalent. Develop safe engineering solutions by using initiative and judgement to perform activities such as developing designs, analyzing and resolving problems, and interpreting engineering specifications on low to medium complexity assignments for projects and/or operations. Assist project or operations management to meet safety, cost, quality, and time objectives by performing activities such as proposing changes in plans and estimated costs, recommending payment for work completed by contractors, preparing progress reports, coordinating work schedules and other similar tasks. Participate in BC Hydro’s engineering practice by conducting independent studies and analysis, exercising judgment in selecting and interpreting information, recommending safe engineering designs, and making typical decisions related to standard methods and designs so that BC Hydro’s engineering standards are maintained. Perform periodic tasks independently which may include on-site construction quality control and monitoring to ensure design compliance. Engage with BC Hydro’s senior engineering team where engineering problems are difficult, complex, or unusual to support BC Hydro’s management of engineering risk. Education and Skills University graduate in applied science or engineering Registered Professional Engineer (P.Eng.) or Professional Geoscientist (P.Geo.) with Engineers & Geoscientists BC or with another jurisdiction and eligible for registration as such with Engineers & Geoscientists BC BC Hydro uses a Digital Sign and Seal Technology. You may be required to subscribe to a digital seal technology service offered by Notarius Familiarity with CAD systems and drawing standards Ability to use standard industry design/analysis software Intermediate MS Office skills (Word, Excel, and PowerPoint) Intermediate English skills for professional environment, written and spoken This role requires experience with the design, configuration, testing and troubleshooting of SCADA systems in electrical utility substations with operating voltages from 12kV to 500kV. Demonstrated experience working with utility SCADA systems design, including the design, configuration, testing, and maintenance of GE RTU products (i.e. GE D400, D20, D200, D25, IBOX), Ethernet networks, DNP3 protocol, Modbus Plus® protocol, and protocol test equipment and software and other similar systems used in electrical utility substations. The work is focused on SCADA systems used in transmission stations with operating voltages from 12kV to 500kV. Prepare project documentation and deliverables in accordance with BC Hydro project and Engineering Design Practices (i.e. evaluation reports, specifications, proposals, estimates, design basis', calculations, hazard logs, test plans). Prepare design work packages including scope, duration, and level of effort estimates. Prepare signed/sealed engineering deliverables as a Professional of Record (PoR) in accordance with EGBC and BC Hydro Design Practices. Provide technical assistance and construction support in the field, and undertake field reviews as required by EGBC. Prepare detailed SCADA design packages, device point assignments, and configurations. Configuring/program RTUs, gateway devices, user interfaces, network switches/routers, and other IEDs related to the SCADA systems. Specify and procure materials, panel assemblies and other related equipment. Test and validate device configurations in a lab environment. Prepare and execute pre-commissioning test plans for SCADA systems. Provide technical guidance and support throughout the design process (cross-discipline integration, factory testing, installation, commissioning). Provide training for end-users and peers on the theory and operational use of the installed or modified equipment/systems. Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID1015:
Establish specifications that translate user needs into solutions while observing agreed budgets, timeframes and technical parameters. Design and develop system components, including programming, documentation and testing of solutions. Ensure system quality, security and stability by following development and documentation standards and practices. Work closely with the software integrators and designer for software design, development, configuration and fault correction. Provide second-level technical support to the Help Desk or Operations to resolve production problems. Adapt to changing technology, learning and applying new methods for achieving the goals of the organisation. Adhere to established policies, standards and procedures for ensuring the security and integrity of systems and data. Aide au Transport Quotidien Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Bourses d'Études Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise REER Collectif Tenue Décontractée Travail à Distance 8 Heures Baccalauréat (Souhaité) Microsoft Dynamics 365: 5 ans (Souhaité) Français (Obligatoire) Anglais (Souhaité) 
ScrapedJobID1016:
Work with B2B Marketing Manager to develop an agile marketing strategy for all B2B segments Communicate with other members of the team and stakeholders on best execution of B2B marketing projects, campaigns, and events Conduct market research and understand the customer experience of B2B referral partners and the messaging that resonates with these groups – corporate, healthcare, military and veterans, first responders Focus on strategizing and developing B2B marketing emails, including topic and journey ideation to resonate with B2B audiences, coordinating content and design, quality assurance prior to scheduled send, and reviewing audience targeting Explore ways to continuously grow the B2B email distribution list Liaising with the Business Development team on ad hoc email marketing requirements, based on conferences, outreach, recent events, or current campaigns Assist with development of creative collateral as needed to accompany and strengthen email campaigns Coordinate email marketing with ongoing B2B Marketing activities, including campaigns, program launches, events, etc. Liaise with external advertisers, agencies, and freelance creatives Understand and be able to reliably use the interface between our marketing automation platform and our CRM Marketing analysis to determine success of email campaigns and areas for improvement Creation and maintenance of ad-hoc and automated reports to track B2B Marketing KPIs against established targets or objectives Collaborate with the B2B Marketing Team on regular activities, including but not limited to: o Educational webinars o Conferences and events o Ad campaigns o Press releases o Collateral creation o Social media o Website updates Provide ongoing webinar support and coordination, including sourcing and communicating with presenters, preparing invitation emails and answering inquiries, applying for relevant continuing education and/or professional development credits, facilitating the day of the webinar, conducting post-webinar tasks and follow-ups with attendees, and growing the invite list Experience: At least 2 years in a similar role, supporting, coordinating, and executing on B2B marketing strategies – particular experience in email marketing is strongly preferred Education: Bachelors Degree in Business, Marketing, or equivalent Language: English (bilingual with French an asset) Strong communication skills Highly organized Attention to detail Ability to take initiative and work autonomously without direct supervision Ability to multi-task and work well within a team environment Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc.) Solid writing ability is favoured – please submit writing samples Salesforce CRM: At least 1 year of work experience where use of the CRM was integral to the job – familiarity with Salesforce is an asset Work experience with HubSpot, and/or design tools and software (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, etc.) is a plus Work experience in a healthcare field is a plus Cover Letter Resume Writing samples Dental care Employee assistance program Extended health care On-site parking Vision care Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) B2B marketing strategies: 2 years (preferred) HubSpot and /or design tools: 1 year (preferred) French (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1017:
Work with one of Canada's "Top 100 Employers," with possibility of extension or permanent placement. Work Location: Montreal, QC and Oakville / Mississauga, ON Term (start and end date): Start as soon as available but at least early January to Dec. 31, 2022 Is travel required? Yes – mostly driving. East will be based in Montreal and also cover Ottawa and Rimouski. Central will be based in Mississauga/Oakville area but also cover London and Thunder Bay. Schedule: 40hrs/week, 8 hours/day Competitive Compensation and Benefits. Representation by an award-winning staffing agency that takes pride in our personalized approach to staffing, ensuring you are a valued member of the team - not just a number. Prepare tank inspection and repair scopes for any tank inspection projects, working closely with the projects team to provide ongoing technical support during the projects Review and define priorities and scope for follow-up work from baseline piping inspection reports completed at the terminals. Provides technical support for repairs on static equipment Audit and investigate compliance to industry regulatory requirements as it pertains to fixed assets Defines the technical scope and supports the maintenance coordinators during execution of pressure equipment inspections, both vessels and relief devices, and pipelines in accordance with all applicable codes and regulations at the terminal, and ensures the terminal’s pressure equipment meets the requirements of SEPP and Jurisdictional requirements; Responsible for maintaining and improving reliability of pressure equipment through expertise in materials, metallurgy, corrosion mechanisms, failure analysis and risk management processes. Works with the Reliability Inspection Specialist (Calgary-based) to implement quality control requirements at site. This may include: Qualifications, training and skills of the inspection contractors conducting NDE work on the site meet the requirements of CGSB, ASNT, API, or other applicable codes; Welding qualifications for of contract welders brought to Terminals Compliance to all governing codes and regulations regarding new or repaired equipment, and responsible for recommending solutions to chronic materials problems and continuously improving the fixed equipment PM/PD program; Quality construction work packages (CWP) and Inspection Test Plans (ITPs) Works with other Inspection Specialists to make a step change in documentation management and assist the corporate transition to SAP and Meridium /APM (Integrity Database). Reviews and evaluates recommendations and actions proposed by reliability specialists and engineers when required. Accredited technical school diploma (Materials Technologist) or a degree (Materials Engineering) in related technology; 10 or more years of inspection experience in a refinery / petrochemical / oil and gas industry setting is required Certifications from American Petroleum Institute (API) in API 510 and 570 is required Certifications in API 571 and 580 are preferred Preference for candidates with past client experience Demonstrated ability to consolidate, organize and file inspection history is an asset Passion for improving integrity and inspection processes is an asset Detailed knowledge and understanding is required for the following standards and practices in API Standard 12-C, 650, 653, 526, RP 574, RP 576, RP 576, RP 1595, RP 2207, RP 2610, RP 2611, CSA B51, NB 23, ASME Section I, II, IV, V, VIII Expertise with Quality Management Systems and Integrity Management Programs Strong computer skills, and Inspection software tools like API RBI, PCMS or Meridium is an asset Demonstrated Non-Authoritative Leadership skills to influence terminal operations. Working knowledge of Distribution operations and industry oil movement process Strong organization skills – will be working on multiple priorities in different phases across all Distribution terminals Safety and environment focused – ensure programs and processes can be executed safely, remaining compliant to standards and expectations Bilingual communication is required for Quebec-based roles No 
ScrapedJobID1018:
JavaScript: Typescript, Node.js, ReactJS, Next.js, React-Native, Objection.js, Knex. UI: CSS, SCSS, Bootstrap. Database: Postgres w/ TimescaleDB, Redis. DevOps: AWS, Netlify, Linux, Bash. Developer Tools: MacOS, Jetbrains WebStorm, npm, GitHub/Bitbucket, Postico, Jira Software Engineering:
You will take responsibility for one or more features to be built out in the current sprint.
You will work with the product team to refine the feature spec into a user story and identify what functionality needs to be added, where the functionality needs to be added, etc..
You will implement assigned features in a manner that will scale out effectively as we grow. You will take responsibility for one or more features to be built out in the current sprint. You will work with the product team to refine the feature spec into a user story and identify what functionality needs to be added, where the functionality needs to be added, etc.. You will implement assigned features in a manner that will scale out effectively as we grow. Quality Assurance:
You will work with engineers to design appropriate test cases for their web/mobile application as well as their backend APIs.
You will perform tests on software and record results.
You will identify bugs and log them into their issue tracking system.
You will take ownership of bugs, and either push them through the bug fix process via another engineer or fix them yourself.
You will retest and ensure bugs have been resolved. You will work with engineers to design appropriate test cases for their web/mobile application as well as their backend APIs. You will perform tests on software and record results. You will identify bugs and log them into their issue tracking system. You will take ownership of bugs, and either push them through the bug fix process via another engineer or fix them yourself. You will retest and ensure bugs have been resolved. Make Improvements:
Do you see something that can be improved in their stack or with their processes? Don’t just tell them about it. Take some initiative and improve it yourself! Do you see something that can be improved in their stack or with their processes? Don’t just tell them about it. Take some initiative and improve it yourself! Motivation: You should be self-driven and excited to work on this product. Commitment: You do not take the responsibilities that you are given, lightly. Independent Thinking: While we need a doer, we especially need people who can think and contribute to the greater goal without necessarily being prompted to do so. Team Player: You understand that you + team = success. There is no “I” in team. Responsibility: You will become comfortable working with others as well as taking responsibility for decisions that will deeply affect their software and their users. Practical Experience: You will be well acquainted with the agile software development approach and the software development cycle through practical experience. Startup Life: You will get hands-on experience in what it takes to work in a true startup environment and ship product. Support: Don’t worry, we want to see you succeed. Active mentorship and guidance will be provided to you for further career development. The salary range for this position is $110,000.00 - $150,000.00 (depending on the amount of equity chosen) Casual dress Employee stock purchase plan Paid time off Stock options Work from home Monday to Friday OOP: You are an expert with Object Oriented Programming (OOP) concepts and Data Structures. While you are comfortable with functional programming, you tend to think OOP design patterns. Node.js/JavaScript/TypeScript: You are a humble 10/10 expert with Node.js development on server, JavaScript on browser and have expert knowledge of async/await semantics. You have used TypeScript in at least two major projects and it has saved your butt once or twice (you’ll tell them how). React and Next.js: You are a humble 10/10 expert with React and have developed 5 or more React browser apps in the past. You have worked on at least three major Next.js app with your JavaScript/Typescript/React skills. React-Native: You have worked on at least two React-Native apps with your JavaScript/Typescript skills targeting iOS and Android platforms in the past, and they are available on the iOS / Google Play store now. You are comfortable writing native code in Swift or Java where necessary. You are comfortable with push notifications and the interface between React-Native and native iOS/Android bits. PostgreSQL: You are a humble 10/10 expert with SQL, crafting relational DB Schemas, queries, and stored procedures in PL/pgSQL. You have used Postgres in at least one major project. Bonus points for having used TimescaleDB in a major project in the past. *nix Command Line: You are extremely comfortable with bash and interacting with *nix on the command line. Thinking From User POV: You have the ability to think from the perspective of the end user when it comes to features. MacBook: Our entire development environment is built for Mac. You are using a Mac for your day-to-day. Candidate Focus: You have completed Computer Science or Computer Engineering degree or similar degree in a technical discipline. If you do not have such a degree, you have substitutable real-world experience making production applications. Work Experience: You have 5-8 years of work experience working in multi-disciplinary teams. Your focus has been purely software engineering and have worked both on the Front-End and Back-End equally. You have been mentored by a Senior Full-Stack Engineer and are looking forward to taking on more technical and architectural responsibility. 
ScrapedJobID1019:

ScrapedJobID1020:
Professional development – continuous, industry-leading recruitment training Growth opportunities – increasing our reach within Vancouver and expanding across North America Positive work environment and team mentality – we foster a culture of collaboration, competition, and communication Fun company culture – awesome events, company celebrations, beer on tap. We hire good people, and good people = good times. Simple as that. Great resources – industry partnerships, company cars, in-house marketing team Unlimited earning potential (it’s true!) 100% employer-paid comprehensive medical and dental benefits package 
ScrapedJobID1021:
Réaliser le développement des rapports et tableaux de bord dans le respect des Modifier les rapports et tableaux de bord existants afin de répondre aux besoins Effectuer les essais et l"assurance qualité des développements avant la mise en Assurer la performance des rapports et tableaux de bord développées Assurer le support de premier niveau des produits informationnels Travailler en étroite collaboration avec les équipes de gestion de l"information afin Assurer le lien avec l"équipe de l"entrepôt de données afin de spécifier les besoins et Participer au profilage des données des systèmes sources Tester les extractions et les requêtes afin d"assurer la qualité des données Créer des tables de faits, de dimensions, et des vues pouvant être utilisées dans les Créer des champs calculés directement dans les bases de données pour supporter Participer aux discussions et aux ateliers de gouvernance Proposer et utiliser les définitions et le lexique d"entreprise Assurer la conformité et l"alignement des indicateurs clefs de performance Recueillir les besoins d"affaires et ceux des clients et utilisateurs Organiser et conduire des séances de travail afin de développer et proposer des Effectuer l"analyse détaillée des besoins et rédiger les spécifications détaillées afin de Participer et conduire des réunions et des revues d"avancement des projets avec les Analyser, cartographier et schématiser les systèmes et les processus d"affaires Créer et supporter la mise en place d"une architecture des données Proposer les meilleures solutions possibles afin d"atteindre les objectifs de l"unité Proposer des indicateurs clefs de performance pertinents Rédiger la documentation des produits informationnels afin d"en permettre une Supporter le déploiement du portail web pour la diffusion des différents rapports et Mettre en place une structure temporaire pour le traitement et la transformation des Supporter l"automatisation des tâches de rafraichissement des données, des rapports Proposer et développer des solutions numériques afin de permettre le suivi des Participer aux initiatives en science des données (apprentissage machine, prévision, Diplôme universitaire en génie, en science informatique, en intelligence d"affaires ou en Diplôme universitaire de 2e cycle en intelligence d"affaires, en science des données, ou Idéalement 1 à 4 ans d"expérience, mais ouvert aux nouveaux diplômés Maîtrise du français et de l"anglais parlé et écrit Expérience de travail dans le secteur manufacturier ou aérospatial un atout Maîtrise de la suite Microsoft 365 Maîtrise avancée du logiciel Power BI Bonne compréhension des besoins d"affaires, des systèmes et des architectures dans un Expérience dans le développement et l"utilisation de modèles relationnels et Bonnes connaissances SQL (fonctions de fenêtre, requêtes imbriquées, tables Expérience de programmation dans un contexte d"analyse de données (ex. VBA, Python, Connaissances de base de SAP, PLM, Jupyter et HDFS un atout Connaissance de la méthodologie agile Connaissance des plateformes en gestion de projets et partage de codes (ex. Azure Le poste est présentement offert en télétravail. Un retour au bureau sera possible lorsque L"horaire de travail est flexible Une analyse de cas sera demandée aux candidats présélectionnés afin de valider les Develop reports and dashboards in compliance with Modify existing reports and dashboards to meet needs Perform tests and quality assurance of developments before implementation Ensure the performance of reports and dashboards developed Provide first level support for information products Work closely with information management teams to Liaise with the data warehouse team in order to specify the needs and Participate in the profiling of data from source systems Test extractions and queries to ensure data quality Create tables of facts, dimensions, and views that can be used in Create calculated fields directly in the databases to support Participate in governance discussions and workshops Propose and use the definitions and the business lexicon Ensure compliance and alignment of key performance indicators Collect business needs and those of customers and users Organize and lead working sessions in order to develop and propose Perform detailed needs analysis and write detailed specifications in order to Participate and lead meetings and project progress reviews with Analyze, map and map systems and business processes Create and support the implementation of a data architecture Propose the best possible solutions in order to achieve the objectives of the unit Propose relevant key performance indicators Write the documentation of information products in order to allow Support the deployment of the web portal for the distribution of the various reports and Set up a temporary structure for the processing and transformation of Support the automation of data refresh tasks, reports Propose and develop digital solutions to allow the monitoring of Participate in data science initiatives (machine learning, forecasting, University degree in engineering, computer science, business intelligence or 2nd year university diploma Ideally 1 to 4 years of experience, but open to new graduates Fluency in spoken and written French and English Work experience in the manufacturing or aerospace sector an asset Proficiency in the Microsoft 365 suite Advanced knowledge of Power BI software Good understanding of business needs, systems and architectures in a Good SQL knowledge (window functions, nested queries, tables Programming experience in a data analysis context (eg VBA, Python, Basic knowledge of SAP, PLM, Jupyter and HDFS an asset Knowledge of agile methodology Knowledge of project management and code sharing platforms (eg Azure The position is currently offered by telecommuting. A return to the office will be possible when The work schedule is flexible A case analysis will be requested from shortlisted candidates in order to validate the 
ScrapedJobID1022:

ScrapedJobID1023:
Review, compare and edit a range of translated online documentation and learning solutions to ensure all standards are applied and consistent. Translate, review and edit translated content to ensure content language aligns with the English version of content. Conduct review for all translated content to revise, edit and proofread content to ensure: coherence, flow and conciseness. correctness of grammar, punctuation, and spelling consistency of tone/voice, grammar, pagination, layout and design adherence to departmental defined standards and style guides. adherence to bank standards and requirements around intellectual property, trademark usage/restrictions, branding, and copyrights appropriateness of message given target audience and learning objectives Provide input on such things as names, business names or other data required for French content. Assist with other French production activities as required including locating French URLs, locating French manual page names, and identifying and capturing French screens. Work with the Translation Leads, Translation Group, the Learning Designers, the Learning Project Managers and in some cases our external translation vendor to implement required versions of French content and produce the French version Use a variety of web editing tools and templates to edit content and work with Senior Technical Writers, Publishers and Quality Assurance, Learning Content Management Leads to implement required changes and revisions to content in order to produce the final version of all content. Translation software knowledge – MemoQ (In the past manager found candidates mentioned MemoQ experience in resume but couldn’t talk to it) Must be completely fluent in French - reading, writing, speaking Tech savvy Banking background is an asset Translation memory software experience Bachelor’s Degree in French translation Dreamweaver experience Ability to multi-task and prioritize, meet deadlines Detail oriented Hard-working and self-motivated Takes ownership of work 
ScrapedJobID1024:
opportunity to pursue their career options internationally Recognizing the seasonality of our industry we have reduced work hours and increased flexibility during the off peak periods to give staff more time to pursue their interests and hobbies. competitive base salary and benefits hybrid generous paid vacation, sick and personal time Supervision, guidance and training of intermediate and junior staff Prepare complex compilations (NTR) files Prepare Personal (T1), Trust (T3) and Corporate (T2) income tax returns Prepare and complete working papers for review and audit engagements Identify and attempt to resolve engagement issues Demonstrates commitment to meeting client deadlines and maintain a positive client experience Monitoring progress of work being completed on the files and communication to manager and partners Bachelor’s Degree in Commerce or Business Administration (Accounting and/or Finance major is preferred) Completion of the CPA designation in Ontario, or working towards it 2-4 years of Canadian Public Accounting experience with private corporation in assurance engagements and NTR files On-going professional development courses to meet or exceed CPA Canada requirements Experience working with, or exposure to, accounting and tax software such as Caseware, Taxprep, and Quickbooks is beneficial Strong computer literacy including effective working skills of Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint Possess a working knowledge of the firm’s systems, research materials and quality control procedures Ability to research issues and propose recommendations for proper treatment under applicable standards Ability to prepare more complex T1, T2, T3 tax returns Demonstrated competency with Microsoft Office tools Self-starter with strong attention to detail Ability to deliver in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment A desire to provide outstanding client service Strong interpersonal and communication skills to liaise with clients, team members and the community 
ScrapedJobID1025:
Provide oversight and support to other business analyst Guide and mentor junior to intermediate business analysts Recommend business analysis templates and guide other analysts in the application of business analysis techniques and tools Provide deliverable status reports Support the Project Manager as required Provide business analysis support to projects and/or initiatives by facilitating discussions to capture business needs and translate them into appropriate requirement type Manage all requirements and specification documents Create and manage required business analysis documentation Support the project manager in change management, risk identification and mitigation Facilitate SME process workshops and document business process workflows. Identify, create and deliver training on procedural documentation Identify training requirements and support and/or deliver stakeholder training as required. Create clear and consistent documentation, without ambiguity, as the work produced provides the foundation for application development work Work with 3rd party vendors to coordinate work and support issue resolution Experience with software testing (SDLC) and test methodology As required, create and manage a test strategy Support the Quality Assurance lead in the creation of various test documentation. Leveraging the requirements traceability matrix, support and/or execute application and process testing to ensure application meets business needs. Execute and/or manage testing as required Identify system defects and support re-testing/defect resolution Certificate of Capability in Business Analysis (CCBA) and/or Foundation Certificate in Business Analysis would be considered an asset. 10+ years plus demonstrated project business and systems analysis experience 5+ years of experience in working with IT on system implementations and/or enhancements, business process improvements and business process re-engineering Demonstrated documentation and technical writing experience Experience mentoring junior Business Analysts Ability to effectively work independently Analytical Thinker Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strategic problem solver Able to manage changing priorities within defined constraints Effectively manage stakeholder expectations Effective Communication and Presentation skills Able to influence others using analysis techniques Able to effectively chair and facilitate meetings 
ScrapedJobID1026:
Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Do you have experience using QuickBooks or SAGE? Bookkeeping: 3 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1027:
Responsible for issuing, applying and monitoring all local government rules; Manage the overall protection of Thales Canada and TCDS's assets, human, tangible and intangible; Understand and implement the Groups policies within Canada and include National legislation where applicable; Manage alternate Security Officers and appoint Key Senior Officials at all Thales Canada locations; Audit and improve processes pertaining to security matters; Create Physical Security Threat Risk Assessments based on CPTED principles; Support projects in sensitive countries, including security analysis liaise with local officials and DFAIT; Develop training and awareness programs including security, travel policies and mission training; Establish and maintain government accreditation for Thales Canada sites; As Business Continuity Planning Lead, responsible for implementing and supporting Business Continuity Planning specific to Corporate Security; Maintaining of Facility Security Clearance including, Personnel, Document Safeguarding, Production and CNET - IT Security functions up to the TOP SECRET level; Assurance of security pertaining to all Organized Group functions (i.e. tradeshows,etc); Conduct all investigations, research and analyses pertaining to Security; Report audit findings and investigations to Group and Government bodies as required; and Liaise with Intelligence partners (RCMP, Local Police, CSIS and CSE) on potential risks associated to our business Ensure Thales processes, procedures and policies are known and implemented in the department and complied with in the project execution and to continuously search for and implement improvement measures; Act as Cost Centre Manager for the Security department; As Resource Manager, ensure that staffing requirements and budget related to assigned staff is planned and competencies of assigned staff are actively managed in order to meet company and project needs; Comply with reporting requirements as communicated; Accountable as the Chorus Process Owner for Ensure People, Property, Operations & Information Security (9.4) Provides oversight and direction to a team of employees within the Security department in accordance with the organization’s policies and procedures. Coach, mentor, and develop staff, including overseeing new employee onboarding and providing career development planning and opportunities. Leads employees to meet the organization's expectations for productivity, quality, continuous improvement, and goal accomplishment. Fosters a spirit of teamwork and unity among department members that allows for cohesiveness, support, and working effectively together to enable each employee and the department to succeed. Works with Human Resources staff to recruit, interview, select, hire, and employ an appropriate number of employees. Diploma and/or university degree in a related discipline (i.e. Business Administration, Commerce) and/or equivalent experience 10+ years industry experience (defence and/or government) Working knowledge of the Canadian Government procurement policies and procedures Working knowledge of the Security of Information Act (formerly the Official Secrets Act) Working knowledge of the Occupational Health and Safety Act Previous experience in creating and managing high performing teams Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal Proven problem solving and analytic skills with a track record of successful outcomes Recognized for ability to engage stakeholders at all levels of the organization and externally with customers. Strong business acumen and ability to identify and address issues within a complex business environment Capable of developing strong relationships across the business through excellent customer service This position requires direct or indirect access to hardware, software, technology or technical data controlled under the Canadian Export Control List, Canadian Controlled Goods Program, the Canadian Industrial Security Program, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) and/or the Export Administration Regulations (EAR). All applicants must be able to meet the eligibility requirements outlined in the Canadian Controlled Goods Program and able to obtain a Canadian NATO Secret clearance. 
ScrapedJobID1028:
8 hour shift Day shift No 
ScrapedJobID1029:
Contribute to quality control by reviewing analytical procedures, procedure forms, or other related documentation to assigned studies. Follow and ensure the application of GLP, SOPs, special procedures and health and safety rules on their assigned studies. Perform and review tabulation of results and participate in writing the study report. Collaborate with the Scientist to compile and assemble study deliverables in an audit ready state for submission to the Quality Assurance department (QA) and answer QA findings. Preparing or revision of the study summary (e.g. MQS, MVS) when required. Perform all other related duties as assigned. DEC in sciences or AEC An equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered an acceptable substitute for the specific education and experience listed above. Be able to work as part of a team. Have a positive attitude, good interpersonal relationships and professionalism. Adapt to changes. Actively participate in departmental meetings to improve performance and quality. Good understanding of Microsoft Office software and data generating software used in the department relevant to their role. Minimum of 3 weeks’ vacation. Paid sick / personal days. Paid overtime. Competitive benefits starting from day one (health and dental coverage). Access to a savings and retirement program including an employer contribution. Free, unlimited, and confidential access to health care professionals for you and your family, through telemedicine app. Employee Assistance Programs. Tuition reimbursement program. Employee Activities. Volunteering Program (paid day). Employee referral bonuses. Relocation assistance. Career advancement opportunities and training. A recognition program. Positive Company Values & Culture. Shuttle service from the Sainte-Anne-de Bellevue train station and from John Abbott College to the Senneville site. Free parking. 
ScrapedJobID1030:
Competitive Base Salary and Vacation Yearly bonus structure Employer-Paid Extended Health & Dental Benefits Ongoing company social activities and celebrations Plan, organize and direct all activities necessary for the full implementation of the project objectives Read, interpret, and analyze drawings and specifications Capacity to support the tender process and qualify trades in collaboration with Prodigy’s estimating team Control of project costs, and respect of budgets Develop risk management and mitigation strategies Ensure compliance with Prodigy’s health and safety requirements (exceeds industry standards) Develop, monitor, and update project schedules Implement and maintain the quality assurance program With the support of Project Coordinator(s), manage and oversee contract administration including maintaining accurate and organised documentation Coordinate the project team and validate superintendent site management strategies Maintain positive working relationships with employees, subcontractors, customers, material suppliers and other stakeholders with an interest in the success of the project Minimum of 10 years experience as a project manager Solid experience using MS Office Suite and related industry software Ability to consistently achieve objectives on schedule, budget, and defined quality standards Experience in Construction Management (CM) project delivery model (an asset) Excellent stakeholder management and high-level experience with client relationships High degree of resourcefulness, flexibility, and adaptability Solid experience using MS Office Suite, and related industry software (i.e. Procore, MS Project, Bluebeam) Possess a strong work ethic and the ability to persevere when challenged Strong organizational and time managements skills Highly self-motivated and directed; ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment Effective communication skills with individuals at all levels of the organization 
ScrapedJobID1031:
Under the direction of an engagement supervisor, lead and oversee auditors in performing audit planning, test program development, execution and reporting, including:
Plan and lead collaborative risk-based Project and Technology audits of moderate to high complexity in a local and global context and conclude whether risks are appropriately managed through the existence of effective controls or other techniques.
When assuming a supervisory role, the auditor is expected to develop a comprehensive audit plan clearly outlining the objective, scope, deliverables, approach, resourcing, communications, and schedule.
Ensure quality of assignments through effective application of the Audit Standard Methodology for Lifeco and appropriate use of specific applications and tools. Plan and lead collaborative risk-based Project and Technology audits of moderate to high complexity in a local and global context and conclude whether risks are appropriately managed through the existence of effective controls or other techniques. When assuming a supervisory role, the auditor is expected to develop a comprehensive audit plan clearly outlining the objective, scope, deliverables, approach, resourcing, communications, and schedule. Ensure quality of assignments through effective application of the Audit Standard Methodology for Lifeco and appropriate use of specific applications and tools. Strive for efficient use of audit resources by monitoring execution of audits assigned, timely escalation, and management of conflicts. The incumbent is expected to seek and obtain direction, perspective and resources as required to complete the assigned audit on time and within budget. Serves as subject matter expect for global Internal Audit and stakeholders related to project management matters. Prepare and deliver effective presentations to stakeholders at audit opening and closing meetings as a means of communicating and gaining their agreement and understanding of audit plans and audit results. Provide value-adding and effective audit recommendations to stakeholders senior management identifying significant issues in a business context, working with audit stakeholders to identify and recommend feasible solutions. Present audits conclusions and reports in a relevant context and applicable to Canada Life by ensuring they are supported by an orderly accumulation and analysis of documented audit evidence and that the content is clear and concise. Perform accountabilities with minimal supervision and provide audit management and audit stakeholders with regular status updates of audits and assignments. Actively seek to be informed of industry and corporate initiatives and trends to support effective audit continuous monitoring of the organization’s proper management of project risks. Leading and/or participating in professional practice and improvement initiatives Cultivating business relationships and work collaboratively with other functional areas Creating and maintaining a positive work environment Seeking learning and development opportunities in line with organizational needs and personal aspirations. Strong working knowledge of governance, risk, control frameworks, project and audit methodologies Maintain information systems/project management competency through ongoing professional development and staying abreast of emerging technologies, risks and controls in information systems. Provide direction, guidance and expert advice to audit teams globally to allow definition of effective assessments on IT project management. When required, prepare and deliver effective presentations on various audit and project management related matters to Audit senior management and relevant stakeholders across the organization. Identify and advise Audit teams on the use of relevant data analytics and other advanced techniques and tools in order to improve efficiency and effectiveness of audit assessments. Establish and maintain solid relationship with audit stakeholders to serve a catalyst of positive change and improvement of IT project management. 7 years of system implementation and/or project management experience. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Understanding of Project Management frameworks and industry best practices: e.g. project planning and estimation, software development life cycle (SDLC), business requirements, Project management tools and techniques Experience or Understanding of IT Delivery Methodologies Knowledge of IT Governance frameworks (ie: COBIT, ITIL, NIST) is required Familiarity Agile systems development, dev/ops, and SaaS, PaaS, IaaS solutions and associated risks Project Management Professional (PMP) designation or equivalent credentials is required CISA certification or working towards CISA certification within the next 12 months is required. CIA, CPA, CA, CGA or CMA designations are considered assets Demonstrated ability to build and maintain collaborative relationships Proven analytical and problem-solving skills Good interpersonal skills and ability to work as part of a large international team Ability to work with minimal oversight Excellent time management skills Working knowledge of Canada Life’s primary business areas or other financial institutes would be an asset. 
ScrapedJobID1032:
Gérer les cycles de vie des expéditions en créant et en activant les expéditions, en construisant et en affectant les chargements, en planifiant, en suivant et en traçant les commandes, et en documentant les événements et les factures. Vous maîtriserez et utiliserez la plateforme technologique mondiale de C.H. Robinson, Navisphere, pour valider et garantir l'exactitude des données de chargement. Favoriser l'établissement de liens significatifs avec les clients par téléphone et par ordinateur, 7 à 8 heures par jour. Fournir une communication ouverte et opportune afin que les clients sachent qu'ils sont votre priorité à chaque étape du processus. Surveiller les tableaux de tâches et les comptes de courriel assignés pour répondre aux demandes des clients et des transporteurs. un diplôme d'études secondaires ou l'équivalent d'un GED une expérience antérieure du service à la clientèle bilingue capacité à travailler le soir et/ou le week-end (certains postes uniquement) vous vous épanouissez dans un environnement de travail diversifié et inclusif vous avez une connaissance de base des programmes de la suite Microsoft Office. présentez des compétences professionnelles en matière de communication, de priorisation et de gestion du temps vous avez une expérience professionnelle antérieure qui a nécessité une attention particulière aux détails et à la précision. etre titulaire d'un baccalauréat ou poursuivre ses études pouvoir effectuer plusieurs tâches à la fois tout en se concentrant sur la qualité, l'efficacité et le service à la clientèle vous aimez travailler dans un environnement où le rythme est soutenu et qui valorise le travail d'équipe et la camaraderie. vous êtes à l'aise avec la technologie ou apprenez rapidement de nouveaux logiciels. Manage shipment lifecycles by creating and activating shipments, building and assigning loads, scheduling, tracking and tracing orders, and documenting events and invoices Master and leverage C.H. Robinson’s global technology platform, Navisphere, to validate and ensure the accuracy of load data Foster meaningful connections with customers via phone and computer interaction 7-8 hours per day Provide open, timely communication to ensure that customers know they’re your priority every step of the way Monitor task boards and assigned email accounts to respond to customer and carrier requests High school degree or GED equivalent Previous customer service experience bilingual Ability to work evenings and/or weekends (select roles only) Thrive in a diverse and inclusive work environment Have basic proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite of programs Present professional communication, prioritization, and time management skills Hold prior work experience that required attention to detail and accuracy Earned a bachelor’s degree or continued education Can multitask while focusing on quality, efficiency, and customer service Enjoy working in a fast-paced environment that values teamwork and camaraderie Are tech-savvy or learn new software quickly Medical Dental Basic and Supplemental Life Insurance Vacation and PTO time Paid holidays Short-Term and Long-Term Disability Retirement Plan with 4% company matching Employee Stock Purchase Plan Charitable Giving Match Program Plus a broad range of career development, networking, and team-building opportunities 
ScrapedJobID1033:
Dental care Extended health care RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Remote interview process Personal protective equipment provided or required Temperature screenings Social distancing guidelines in place Virtual meetings Sanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place 
ScrapedJobID1034:
Quebec, QC / Remote Work Travel required (weekends at home) Bilingual Advantageous salary, according to union grid Group insurance Salary insurance paid by the company Retirement Savings Plans Parental leave Must have the following certifications from Natural Resources Canada's non-destructive certification agency VT2 according to CSA W178.1 Level 2 in magnetic particles Level 2 in ultrasonic testing (asset) Level 2 in Public Support (asset) Recognized as an exposure device operator certified by the Canadian Nuclear Safety Commission would be an asset; Must be able to read, understand and follow work instructions in a safe, accurate and timely manner. Candidates must be proficient in different types of computer software (Word, Excel. PowerPoint, and Outlook). Proven ability to manage and coordinate multiple projects in a dynamic and highly professional environment. Candidates must demonstrate excellent verbal and written communication skills, including grammar and composition. Ability to work well with others and independently. Proven time management skills and attention to detail; works well under pressure. Québec, QC / Travail à distance Déplacement requis (week-ends à domicile) Bilingue Salaire avantageux, selon grille syndicale Assurances collectives Assurance salaire payée par l’entreprise Plans d’épargne-retraite Congé parental Doit posséder les certifications suivantes de l'agence de certification non destructive de Ressources naturelles Canada VT2 selon CSA W178.1 Niveau 2 en particules magnétiques Niveau 2 en test par ultrasons (atout) Niveau 2 en ressuage (atout) Reconnu comme opérateur d'appareil d'exposition certifié par la Commission canadienne de sûreté nucléaire serait un atout; Doit être capable de lire, comprendre et suivre les instructions de travail d'une manière sûre, précise et opportune. Les candidats doivent maîtriser différents types de logiciels informatiques (Word, Excel. PowerPoint et Outlook). Aptitude avérée à gérer et à coordonner plusieurs projets dans un environnement dynamique et hautement professionnel. Les candidats doivent démontrer d'excellentes compétences en communication verbale et écrite, y compris la grammaire et la composition. Capacité à bien travailler avec les autres et de manière indépendante. Compétences avérées en gestion du temps et grand souci du détail ; fonctionne bien sous pression. 
ScrapedJobID1035:
Manage multiple projects concurrently or lead large projects. Work closely with other key stakeholders to gather and transition required information to ensure each project is successful and delivered to Freeport’s safety and quality standards, as well as to client expectations. Develop the project estimate (site & manufactured), schedule, coordinate contractors, ensuring all permits, Notice of Projects and required documentation are in place. Act as the liaison with in-house design, consultants and authorities having jurisdiction. Work with inhouse and subcontract field trades to ensure the project is completed on time and budget. Execute project deliverables and monitor progress. Make scheduling adjustments and review the quality of the completed work on a regular basis, including site visits. Exemplify safety and ensure our safety culture is maintained by assisting the team in meeting Freeport’s health and safety goals. Ensure appropriate progress tracking mechanisms are in place for early identification of conflicts or issues and raise them immediately so action can be taken to rectify. Identify any issues and proactively recommend and implement improvements, capturing learnings and best practices. Ensure learnings and best practices are documented and applied to future work. Communicate frequently with internal and external stakeholders regarding project schedule and deliverables. Provide day to day direction to the team in order to achieve goals and targets. Ensure Quality Control and Quality Assurance standards are met. Oversee project budgets and communicate with senior managers regarding status. Understand and/or define the scope and objectives of the project in collaboration with senior management. Create and update detailed work plans that identify and sequence activities to be completed for each project. Determine the resources (permits, plans, trades, tools, and consultants) required to complete each project and ensure resources are scheduled and allocated effectively. Ensure all project personnel understand the scope and objectives of the project(s). Attend internal planning meetings and inform stakeholders and other appropriate staff in the organization on the progress of assigned projects. Ensure all changes to scope of work are supported by documented change orders signed off by the client. Represent Freeport professionally to customers, suppliers, subcontractors and internal personnel. Anticipate staffing requirements and collaborate with the Construction Manager and other Project Managers to provide staffing to appropriate levels. Other duties as assigned. PMP certification is required. 10+ years of Project Management experience overseeing multi‐disciplined residential, commercial or industrial project sites. 2-4 years of experience in contracts management and administration in a similar industry, ie. Properties and building construction. Experience in contract/subcontract coordination, administration and oversight including assembling and issuing RFQ/RFPs. A solid understanding of construction contract law, including ability to read and interpret contracts and technical drawings. A track record of successfully completing projects safely, profitably, on time, and to a high-quality standard. A track record of maintaining a positive and collaborative relationship with clients. Familiarity with cost estimating, material take offs, job close out procedures, and computerized Program Management software will be an asset. Must be capable of wearing personal protective equipment necessary to comply with required safety standards. Office and construction environment with work completed in the office and on site. Additional hours as required to ensure deadlines are met. Travel is required, based on project locations. Excellent interpersonal skills. Strong communication skills both written and verbal. Proven goal setting and problem-solving ability. Demonstrated change management and conflict management skills. Ability to lead and to work independently. Ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines. Strong computer skills: MS Office and MS Project. High degree of attention to detail with strong organizational skills. You live the brand and corporate values. Self-awareness, with a desire for constant self-development. Passionate, energetic, and love a fast-paced, highly collaborative environment. Strong interpersonal, communication, and presentation skills. You execute like an owner. You communicate with honesty and kindness, and create the space for others to excel. Comprehensive company-paid benefits package including extended health, dental, long-term disability and life insurance, as well as an Employee and Family Assistance Program. We offer a competitive salary based on experience. 
ScrapedJobID1036:
Professional development – continuous, industry-leading recruitment training Growth opportunities – increasing our reach within Vancouver and expanding across North America Positive work environment and team mentality – we foster a culture of collaboration, competition, and communication Fun company culture – awesome events, company celebrations, beer on tap. We hire good people, and good people = good times. Simple as that. Great resources – industry partnerships, company cars, in-house marketing team Unlimited earning potential (it’s true!) 100% employer-paid comprehensive medical and dental benefits package 
ScrapedJobID1037:
8 hour shift SAP Technical Architect: 5 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1038:
5+ years of experience building sophisticated and automated Cloud infrastructure (e.g. Azure, AWS) Experience with project management tools (e.g. JIRA, Azure DevOps, Zephyr) Experience working with open source and COTS development tools (e.g. Git, GitHub, Maven, VS Code, SonarQube, Docker, IntelliJ IDEA) Experience with Azure cloud resource types as follows: Storage accounts, Kubernetes Services, Event Hubs, App Registrations, Application Insights, Function Apps, Virtual Networks, Key Vaults, Load balancers, API connections Experience with Microsoft Lifecycle Services (LCS) Experience with automation in a production environment Experience with seamless/automated build scripts used for release management across all environments. 5+ years of experience building sophisticated and automated Cloud infrastructure (e.g. Azure, AWS) Experience with automation in a production environment Experience with project management tools (e.g. JIRA, Azure DevOps, Zephyr) Experience working with open source and COTS development tools (e.g. Git, GitHub, Maven, VS Code, SonarQube, Docker, IntelliJ IDEA) Experience with Microsoft Lifecycle Services (LCS)? Experience with dotnet, Java, Python, Ruby, and Microsoft technologies Experience with log/event streaming (Events hubs, RabbitMQ, Kafka) Experience and ability to set up Monitoring and Analytics (ELK, ECK, Beats, Azure Monitor, Azure Insights) Completed Post-Secondary education in Computer Science, IT or related areas OR equivalent combination of education and experience Strong working knowledge of coding languages and frameworks (e.g. BASH, Powershell) Knowledge of IP networking, VPN's, DNS, load balancing and firewalls Demonstrated problem-solving and troubleshooting skills Experience with dotnet, Java, Python, Ruby, and Microsoft technologies Knowledge on how to design and support Continuous Integration and Deployment (CICD) pipelines using ADO , VSTS, Jenkins for Serverless apps (Azure Functions), Dynamics F&O code and data, as well as for Azure SQL Databases, MySQL, MSSQL, NoSQL etc. Experience with log/event streaming (Events hubs, RabbitMQ, Kafka) Experience and ability to set up Monitoring and Analytics (ELK, ECK, Beats, Azure Monitor, Azure Insights) Knowledge on how to design and support Continuous Integration and Deployment (CICD) pipelines using ADO , VSTS, Jenkins for Serverless apps (Azure Functions), Dynamics F&O code and data, as well as for Azure SQL Databases, MySQL, MSSQL, NoSQL etc. Experience and Skill Set Requirements Education/Knowledge Requirements: 20% Completed Post-Secondary education in Computer Science, IT or related areas OR equivalent combination of education and experience Strong working knowledge of coding languages and frameworks (e.g. BASH, Powershell) Knowledge on how to design and support Continuous Integration and Deployment (CICD) pipelines using ADO , VSTS, Jenkins for Serverless apps (Azure Functions), Dynamics F&O code and data, as well as for Azure SQL Databases, MySQL, MSSQL, NoSQL etc. Knowledge of IP networking, VPN's, DNS, load balancing and firewalls Experience working with open source and COTS development tools (e.g. Git, GitHub, Maven, VS Code, SonarQube, Docker, IntelliJ IDEA) Experience with Microsoft Lifecycle Services (LCS) Experience with dotnet, Java, Python, Ruby, and Microsoft technologies Experience with log/event streaming (Events hubs, RabbitMQ, Kafka) Experience and ability to set up Monitoring and Analytics (ELK, ECK, Beats, Azure Monitor, Azure Insights). Manage code releases Assist with automation and streamlining of OCS operations and processes Troubleshoot and resolve issues in the OCS environment related to automation and IT infrastructure Collaborate with software developers and Quality Assurance (QA) in a DevOps environment Perform code reviews and versioning control for deployments in Dynamics 365, Shopify and custom-built OCS solutions Provide and maintain code branching strategies and code check-in strategies Identify code merging issues and assist development team with resolution Facilitate code validation sessions, develop test cases and assist/drive running of SIT and DIT tests Automate, provide guidance and drive the build and deployment of code packages for the OCS Development Team within development and production environments Identify areas of opportunity for further automation and re-usable code of testing of in-house development Participate in strategic project-planning meetings Provide expertise on system options, evaluate risk and impact to the business Assist with maintenance and troubleshooting and provide recommendations for enhancing performance Partner closely with internal business stakeholders to manage application infrastructure, configuration and deployment in Quality Assurance, User Acceptance Testing and Production environments Analyze end systems and infrastructure, provide guidance for enhancing performance, automation and stability via gap analysis Troubleshoot and provide strategic insight into recurring issues within production environments Administer and provision cloud and SQL server infrastructure, access and deployments Self-starter with the ability to quickly learn new tools and products Excellent verbal and written documentation skills. 
ScrapedJobID1039:
Provide oversight and support to other business analyst Guide and mentor junior to intermediate business analysts Recommend business analysis templates and guide other analysts in the application of business analysis techniques and tools Provide deliverable status reports Support the Project Manager as required Provide business analysis support to projects and/or initiatives by facilitating discussions to capture business needs and translate them into appropriate requirement type Manage all requirements and specification documents Create and manage required business analysis documentation Support the project manager in change management, risk identification and mitigation Facilitate SME process workshops and document business process workflows. Identify, create and deliver training on procedural documentation Identify training requirements and support and/or deliver stakeholder training as required. Create clear and consistent documentation, without ambiguity, as the work produced provides the foundation for application development work Work with 3rd party vendors to coordinate work and support issue resolution Experience with software testing (SDLC) and test methodology As required, create and manage a test strategy Support the Quality Assurance lead in the creation of various test documentation. Leveraging the requirements traceability matrix, support and/or execute application and process testing to ensure application meets business needs. Execute and/or manage testing as required Identify system defects and support re-testing/defect resolution Certificate of Capability in Business Analysis (CCBA) and/or Foundation Certificate in Business Analysis would be considered an asset. 10+ years plus demonstrated project business and systems analysis experience 5+ years of experience in working with IT on system implementations and/or enhancements, business process improvements and business process re-engineering Demonstrated documentation and technical writing experience Experience mentoring junior Business Analysts Ability to effectively work independently Analytical Thinker Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strategic problem solver Able to manage changing priorities within defined constraints Effectively manage stakeholder expectations Effective Communication and Presentation skills Able to influence others using analysis techniques Able to effectively chair and facilitate meetings 
ScrapedJobID1040:
Working with talented co-workers Highly competitive compensation Develop software applications based on design specifications in accordance with applicable standards Incrementally design, develop, test, debug, and deploy IT products using modern software delivery tools, frameworks, and deployment methods in all layers (Presentation layer, Business layer and Database layer) Create technical design and specification documents Prepare reports and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software in accordance with applicable standards and procedures Implement APIs and integrate services with existing applications Carry out unit and integration tests and prioritize defects Remediate and resolve software performance issues and defects Collaborate with experienced IT teams and stakeholders Deliver work within established timelines, identify and communicate technical problems and solutions in a timely manner Fix complex data issues, resolve performance problems, and improve query logic Monitor logs and find and resolve errors in the software application using approved tools Create framework to ensure code is sustainable, reusable, robust and scalable Conduct code review of peers to ensure accurate and standardized coding, possible improvements and ensure that business requirements are met Responsible for quality assurance/control of program design and development Post-secondary degree in Computer Science or Technical College/Institute Diploma in a related discipline, or the equivalent combination of education and experience 5+ years of related industry experience as a Java Developer, competent in several programming languages and environments 5+ years with Java and MS SQL Experience working in an Agile environment 
ScrapedJobID1041:
Dental care Extended health care Vision care No 
ScrapedJobID1042:
Build, Release and Change Quality assurance, Testing and Deployment Knowledge management and Training 
ScrapedJobID1043:

ScrapedJobID1044:
Object-Oriented Programming (C#) .Net Framework/.Net Core Azure React JS ASP.NET MVC Entity Framework Micro-Services Containers / Docker Git, JIRA, Confluence and Slack SQL and SQL Server Ensure the team meets project deliverables and deadlines Provide realistic estimations for tasks (with comprehensive inclusions and exclusions), and be able to explain deviations as well as options to address deviations Collaborate in an Agile environment with a dynamic team of software developers, architects, business analysts, product owners and quality assurance specialists Assist in the recruitment process by interviewing potential candidates Create content and contribute to internal wiki technical documentation Mentor and coach team members to ensure technical development by providing them with immediate and continuous performance feedback Innovate, challenge and refine requirements based on technical assessment Provide input and insight on architectural decisions Develop high-quality coding by adhering to the best software development practices Actively participate in code review process and provide constructive feedback Keep up with the latest technological and software development trends Ensure overall software quality and its evolution in the mid to long-term Understand, implement and maintain industry and proprietary design patterns Participate in the continuous improvement of internal processes and development tools Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Engineering or Information Technology or College Diploma combined to 5 years of relevant experience Have prior experience as Senior Developer or 7 years’ experience in software development Expert knowledge of our technologies and tools (see above) Excellent knowledge of design patterns as well as micro-services architecture Advanced knowledge of networking (proxy, certificate management, network protocol…) Excellent knowledge of French and English (spoken and written) Ability to communicate, write and synthesize information Analytical and problem-solving skills Strong sense of organization and prioritizing Ability to multi-task in a rapid-paced environment Team spirit, tact, diplomacy, autonomy, rigor and discipline Knowledge of financial and/or insurance industries Competitive compensation package Comprehensive employee benefits Career Development opportunities Flexible hours and collaborative working spaces Various social and team activities 
ScrapedJobID1045:
Tu maîtrises parfaitement l’Espagnol (d’Espagne) à l'écrit, à l'oral et à la lecture Tu connais la culture espagnole (d’Espagne) Tu as une bonne maîtrise de l'anglais à l'écrit, à l'oral et à la lecture Une expérience en localisation / traduction est un atout Tu as une bonne aptitude à communiquer avec tes coéquipiers Tu sais aussi bien travailler en autonomie qu’en équipe Tu connais (si tu sais utiliser c’est encore mieux !) des outils informatiques tel que Excel, Google Sheets, Google Drive et JIRA Travail à domicile Opportunités de carrière Des collègues venant des quatre coins du monde avec un esprit de cohésion Un office en face de la station de métro Rosemont Café et thé gratuits au bureau Un baby-foot (au bureau aussi) Soirée jeux vidéo avec les testeurs et le staff Des beignés le vendredi (toujours au bureau) You are fluent in written, spoken, and reading Spanish (from Europe) You are familiar with Spanish culture (from Europe) You have a good command of written, spoken, and reading English Experience in localization/translation is an asset You have good communication skills with your teammates You are able to work both independently and as part of a team You know (if you know how to use it even better!) computer tools such as Excel, Google Sheets, Google Drive, and JIRA Work from home Career opportunities Colleagues from all over the world with a cohesive spirit An office across the street from the Rosemont metro station Free coffee and tea in the office Foosball (also in the office) Gaming night with testers and the management Donuts on Fridays (also in the office) Overtime pay Casual dress Company events 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday No weekends On call Please proceed with your application if you are a Native speaker of Spain Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1046:
Contribute to quality control by reviewing analytical procedures, procedure forms, or other related documentation to assigned studies. Follow and ensure the application of GLP, SOPs, special procedures and health and safety rules on their assigned studies. Perform and review tabulation of results and participate in writing the study report. Collaborate with the Scientist to compile and assemble study deliverables in an audit ready state for submission to the Quality Assurance department (QA) and answer QA findings. Preparing or revision of the study summary (e.g. MQS, MVS) when required. Perform all other related duties as assigned. DEC in sciences or AEC An equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered an acceptable substitute for the specific education and experience listed above. Be able to work as part of a team. Have a positive attitude, good interpersonal relationships and professionalism. Adapt to changes. Actively participate in departmental meetings to improve performance and quality. Good understanding of Microsoft Office software and data generating software used in the department relevant to their role. Minimum of 3 weeks’ vacation. Paid sick / personal days. Paid overtime. Competitive benefits starting from day one (health and dental coverage). Access to a savings and retirement program including an employer contribution. Free, unlimited, and confidential access to health care professionals for you and your family, through telemedicine app. Employee Assistance Programs. Tuition reimbursement program. Employee Activities. Volunteering Program (paid day). Employee referral bonuses. Relocation assistance. Career advancement opportunities and training. A recognition program. Positive Company Values & Culture. Shuttle service from the Sainte-Anne-de Bellevue train station and from John Abbott College to the Senneville site. Free parking. 
ScrapedJobID1047:
Focus on preventative maintenance program for the mailing and insertion packaging lines and interacting with vendors Schedule and coordinate the PMs for the various mailing equipment (PitneyBowes, Bell & Howell, Baum, Kirk Rudy, Packsmart, Kerns, etc) Providing direct support with the integration of new equipment and technology introduced in the plant related to the production and packaging processes Maintaining manufacturing machinery systems and the mailing packaging lines in proper working order to ensure business continuity and minimize production downtime Work with computers and controllers to navigate through system menus and create custom job setups Providing daily reports to the Production Manager and Shift Supervisors, as well as the Maintenance team Maintaining a log of all work done during the shift that relates to machines and items related to ongoing developments or projects Maintaining the inventory system that serves as the foundation for parts usage tracking, machines parts usage tracking, parts reordering process, and parts reception process Attending weekly Maintenance team meetings and updating the team on assigned projects, tasks, and ongoing problems, utilizing the forum to discuss road blocks and improving overall department performance Focusing on quality and working towards a goal of being World Class by continuously practicing Six Sigma-Lean manufacturing approach to monitoring, controlling and improving the department’s key performance indicators Working with other departments to enhance quality by participating in continuous improvement projects, finding new ways to reduce scrap and save costs Analyzing downtime data, making graphs using Excel, and presenting downtime and assessment for reasons of downtime to support continuous improvement initiatives Covering other shifts as needed with short notice to assist with coverage needs Creating purchase requests, following up with Purchasing and Finance to ensure orders are placed and executed, to their final reception and audit Developing the Repair Training program for equipment repair using your experience with the equipment Performing IT tasks, such as network troubleshooting, patching software, backing up machine systems, etc. Regularly communicate technical information and updates to external customers and other stakeholders, internally and externally Maintaining a clean work environment and practicing the principles of 5S daily Working on integrating the machines assigned to you into the production floor by planning their arrival, coordinating with the manufacturer, following up with support departments, electrical work, the pre-start work, the actual implementation, and post implementation services Informal supervision and coaching of junior technicians and operators Attend trainings abroad for equipment training when required At least 4 years of experience in working with repairing electro-mechanical equipment in a manufacturing environment, or advanced packaging environment, or aircraft mechanics environment At least 4 years of experience working with mechanical and electrical tools to troubleshoot and do advanced repairs of equipment. Prior experience working as either one of manufacturing technician, hands-on repairman, IT specialist, Automation Expert, mechanical technician, electrician, etc. Prior experience communicating technical information and concepts to different audiences in a variety of formats Experience with reading and deciphering technical documentation, parts diagrams, etc. Excellent team player with proven examples of achievements through collaboration; this is a crucial part of this role Solid understanding of basic IT Networking, taking backups of machines, restoring computers, Experience repairing embossing machinery (Datacard/Matica equipment) OR Aircrafts OR highly complex manufacturing and packaging equipment Bachelor’s degree or post-secondary Diploma with Mechanical or Electrical focus or eqiv Proven ability to self-teach on equipment you are not formally trained on by accessing printed documentation (service manuals) Experience with mechanical repairs, machine shop tools, key mechanical concepts and pneumatic systems Proficient with PCs, and current operating system with relevant software applications Knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite, Outlook emailing, Calendar, Word, Powerpoint, and Excel. Experience with reading and deciphering technical documentation, parts diagrams, etc. Knowledge of task management and ability to prioritize your work. Professional and demonstrated positive attitude, able to work well in a fast-paced environment, self-motivated, a quick-learner, with ability to receive direction and feedback positively Ability to operate effectively and autonomously across multiple teams in situations of ambiguity leveraging problem solving skills and a willingness to learn with only high-level direction Team-player with professional attitude, able to work well in a fast-paced environment, self-motivated, a quick-learner, with ability to receive direction and feedback positively Organized with strong attention to detail, time management skills and a problem-solver Working with other departments (Quality Assurance, New Product Introduction NPI, IT, and Logistics) to administer quality validations, ensure NPI processes followed, fulfill communication with logistics for shipping and receiving of engineering products. Proven and demonstrated ability to develop strong and positive interpersonal connections with your colleagues, with other teams, and your superiors is critical to this role. Prior experience as a lead or experience supervising members of a team of technical employees in support of a common function Experience with inventory management and control Knowledge of industrial and safety regulations related to machinery such as OHSA regulations and electrical, building and fire codes Formal education or training with mailing and packaging equipment (Bell & Howell or Pitney Bowes) Experience working in Card Personalization Center and it’s regulatory requirements Experience with Kaizen, Lean Manufacturing, Six Sigma continuous improvement processes like DMAIC Experience using Oracle or Other Inventory Management ERP system for order placing and inventory control Prior experience working with other departments (Quality Assurance, New Product Introduction NPI, IT, and Logistics) to administer quality validations, ensure NPI processes followed, fulfill communication with logistics for shipping and receiving of engineering products. Demonstrated experience in floor equipment layout manipulation and implementation of new equipment Demonstrated ability to take complex business process challenges and lead a team to evolve to a future state so the process becomes an highly effective and efficient business process Prior experience managing complex projects involving multiple stakeholders/ technologies and requirements autonomously A+ Certification or N+ Certification is an asset 
ScrapedJobID1048:
Interview, select and hire candidates to staff the on-line shipping department E-Commerce Shipping Supervisor meets the demands of product flow and create schedules according to guidelines Develop associates to meet the productivity standards and certify associates once they meet or exceed goals Confirm that associates are following local, state, and federal laws in addition to all food safety procedures and company guidelines E-Commerce Shipping Supervisor is responsible for training associates on all functions and duties of the Order Selector and Customer Attendant roles Lead team in the planning, implementation and execution of e-Commerce’s initiatives Achieve/exceed weekly, period, annual sales, wage budgets, and other targeted goals including customer satisfaction leading to repeat sales Assist in the analysis and response to the competitive landscape Ensure orders are filled with products requested or comparable substitute in a timely and effective manner Execute “Best Practices” to determine appropriate substitutions in the event of an out of stock Report inventory issues such as out of stock items to department heads in a timely manner Provide feedback to Store Management team, District Manager, Field Specialist, Coordinators and Division Supervise and coach direct reports in the performance of their duties; complete performance reviews and provide feedback to direct reports Must be able to perform the essential functions of this position with or without reasonable accommodation Other duties as required 5+ years' experience in customer service or logistics management Ability to work with little supervision and track multiple processes Knowledge of laws, regulations and ISO requirements Computer-savvy with a working knowledge of logistics software (ERP) Previous customer service experience Outstanding organizational and coordination abilities Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Keen on working in a fast-paced environment Effectuer des entretiens, sélectionner et embaucher des candidats pour le service d’expédition en ligne Le/La superviseur(e) des expéditions du commerce électronique répond aux exigences du flux de produit et crée des échéanciers conformément aux directives Former les collaborateurs de façon à répondre aux normes de productivité et les accréditer lorsqu’ils atteignent ou dépassent les objectifs Vérifier que les collaborateurs respectent les lois locales, régionales et fédérales, ainsi que les procédures de salubrité des aliments et les directives de l’entreprise Le/La superviseur(e) des expéditions du commerce électronique est chargé(e) de former les collaborateurs à toutes les fonctions et tâches associées aux postes de préparateur de commandes et de préposé à la clientèle Diriger l’équipe dans la planification, la mise en œuvre et l’exécution des initiatives liées au commerce électronique Réaliser/dépasser les ventes hebdomadaires, périodiques et annuelles, les budgets salariaux et les autres objectifs ciblés, notamment la satisfaction des clients qui permet de réaliser des ventes répétées Contribuer à l’analyse et à la réponse apportée au paysage concurrentiel Veiller à ce que les commandes contiennent les produits demandés ou des équivalents de manière efficace et en temps voulu Appliquer les « meilleures pratiques » afin de déterminer les produits de substitution appropriés en cas de rupture de stock Signaler aux chefs de service les problèmes d’inventaire, comme les articles en rupture de stock, en temps opportun Faire part de ses commentaires à l’équipe de gestion du magasin, au directeur de district, au spécialiste sur le terrain, aux coordonnateurs et à la division Superviser et encadrer les subordonnés directs dans l’exercice de leurs fonctions; effectuer des évaluations de rendement et fournir des commentaires aux subordonnés directs Doit être en mesure d’exécuter les fonctions essentielles de ce poste avec ou sans aménagement raisonnable Baccalauréat en logistique ou en analyse commerciale Plus de 5 ans d’expérience dans le domaine du service à la clientèle ou de la gestion logistique Capacité à travailler sans supervision et à suivre plusieurs processus Connaissance des lois, des règlements et des exigences ISO Connaissance de l’informatique et des logiciels de logistique (PGI) Expérience préalable dans le service à la clientèle Excellentes capacités d’organisation et de coordination Excellentes aptitudes à la communication et aux relations interpersonnelles Personne souhaitant travailler dans un environnement dynamique Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Monday to Friday Montréal, QC: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred) Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Logistics Management: 5 years (preferred) Customer relationship management: 5 years (preferred) ERP systems: 5 years (preferred) English (required) French (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1049:
Serve as a critical team member to help execute client engagements, with responsibility for directing the client team, delegating tasks, handling all elements of execution, and helping manage the client relationship on each assignment. Business Development responsibilities, with a target of introducing new client prospects, attending industry events, and cross-selling other FTI Consulting services. Utilizing your exceptional leadership and technical skills, project management and communication skills, as well as a sense of urgency and drive to help the company service its clients. Support a full range of transaction advisory work; including services for buyers, sellers, and lenders. Building internal relationships with members of the Transaction support team and other FTI services. Be part of a fast-growing business with a cooperative atmosphere that helps clients maximize value and minimize risk during the acquisition or divestiture process. Clients served tend to be 75% private equity, and 25% corporate clients. Typical work products include: Quality of Earnings (EBITDA), Working Capital, Quality of Net Assets, Forecast Analysis, Debt and Debt Like Items, Customer/Product/Channel/Category sales and margin analysis, inventory costing and bill of materials. Bachelor or Advanced Degree (preferred) in accounting and/or finance required. CPA certification. 10 years in assurance/audit in a Big 4 or national accounting firm, specifically in Transaction Advisory Practice. Travel required to clients and to FTI office(s) Strong technical accounting skills, with detailed knowledge of GAAP and SEC requirements. Ability to interface with team members and client personnel in demanding, deadline-focused situations. Proficient with PC environments and related software, including Microsoft Office applications, especially advanced skills in Excel and PowerPoint. Proficient use and enquiry of computer models and development of dynamic spreadsheet applications. A strong aptitude for quantitative and qualitative analysis and the ability to link business strategy to performance and due diligence findings. The ability to conduct detailed analysis (using external information) on products, markets, competitors and customers to identify risks and opportunities. Ability to work independently in fast-paced, multi-tasked environment. Ability and willingness to learn and adapt in an ever-changing environment to meet client needs. Advanced issue resolution and problem-solving skills. Strong written and verbal communication skills. COVID Vaccine required* Individuals seeking an exemption from this requirement for medical or religious reasons should complete a request for accommodation form and submit the form to your recruiter.Our Benefits Competitive salary and bonus plans Generous paid holidays, time off and parental leave Full package of benefits plans Company matched 401K Annual paid volunteer hours Corporate matching for charitable donations Potential for flexible working arrangements Free snacks and drinks Upscale offices close to public transportation Pet insurance 
ScrapedJobID1050:
Developing upon the vision of QA practices for the project or product and implementing that vision Overseeing a team of testers to ensure successful development and execution of test scenarios and test scripts to meet the plan and ensure quality delivery Leading the selection, configuration, usage, and maintenance of automated test frameworks and tools Leading the development and championing the adoption of quality measures and standards for new applications and/or enhancements throughout development lifecycles. Providing mentoring and coaching to other team members Interpreting and transforming product requirements into test requirements, plans, and cases Executing automated and manual test cases as appropriate. Creating and analyzing formal test results to discover and report any defects, bugs, errors, configuration issues, and interoperability flaws Identifying opportunities for automation and building automated test scripts Conducting internal audits to measure adherence to quality standards Collaborating with development teams on functional and non-functional testing and recommending application improvements to development teams Reporting on progress, results, and software readiness to project stakeholders Demonstrated project management skills and/or substantial exposure to project-based work Knowledge of testing and automation frameworks such as Junit, Selenium, Appium, JMeter, SoapUI Experience developing in Java and/or C# Strong knowledge of system testing best practices and methodologies Experience with SQL query development, automated testing, and reporting software Proven data analysis, data verification, and problem-solving abilities Experience testing APIs, services, drivers, or web and database applications Able to organize and execute tasks in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment Able to work effectively in a team environment with minimal supervision A strong communicator (both written and verbal) and presenter Detail-oriented 
ScrapedJobID1051:
Work with outside architects, engineers, designers and company construction personnel (estimators and superintendents). Effectively communicate and negotiate with sub-contractors. Responsible for all planning, scheduling, and budgeting throughout the project lifecycle. Facilitate, coordinate and manage all project aspects (This may require both PM & Supt. Duties). Minimum 5+ years of experience as a Construction Project Manager BSc in Construction Management, Engineering or similar discipline preferred. Ideal candidate has some experience on-site. Must be motivated, detail oriented, responsible, punctual, and possess excellent written and verbal communication skills. Must be a team collaborator yet also be able to work independently with minimal supervision. Work without any on site supervision. Must be authorized to work in Canada without sponsorship. Software skills:  requires knowledge of MS Word, MS Excel and MS Project. Bonus pay Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Vision care No 
ScrapedJobID1052:
Performs interior design activities including needs analysis, programming, work process analysis, stacking, blocking, finishes selection, design options, estimating, sample boards, specification writing, tender drawing creation, renderings, contractor management, deficiency identification and problem solving, and interfacing with CAFM as required. Renders design ideas in the from of 3-D renderings, sketches, plans, models and schemes using computer aided design (CAD)software in response to client needs. Prepares working drawings, and construction documentation to meet all building codes within applicable jurisdiction. Develops and prepares material cost estimates, project specifications, and requirements tender documents, schedules, and staffing plans to complete projects. Works with clients to define project. Manages the interior design lifecycle for each client engagement. Creates schedules while monitoring progress against timelines. Works closely with project manager, design coordinators, and project teams on conceptual designs, presentations, design development, and production. Responsible for project deliverables, meeting overall project design schedules, as well as preparing and presenting design presentations Prepares technical documentation (e.g. user guides, technical specifications). Assists in the development of documentation and implementation of design process, policies and procedures. Assists with RFP bid document submissions. Liaise with clients, architects, engineers, trades, project managers, vendors, and other project stakeholders. Produces sample boards for presentation to clients. Performs work with minimum supervision, and work is assigned in terms of technical objectives. Provides support, and guidance and production assurance for complex or urgent problems. Makes recommendations or decisions on architecture, application design, standards and process improvements in line with client needs and requirements. Estimates and prioritizes work to maximize value while considering risk, effort and dependencies. Raises impediments, risks and issues as early as possible and work with the team to mitigate as needed. Develops design concepts that meet client needs and with consideration to work process, culture, project implementation, plans, serviceability, sustaining costs, environmental considerations (LEED), impact to related building systems and other project specific conditions. Executes design projects within pre-established budget, time and architectural program limitations. Selects materials according to design standards and budget. Undertake space planning responsibilities, as required. Acts as first point of contact, collecting information from clients and internal team members and conducts site visits to understand client’s spaces/spatial requirements, deficiencies, business adjacencies, work flow, constraints, and opportunities. Applies applicable building codes (e.g. egress and life safety) and liaise with local authorities as required, for purpose of gaining layout approvals. Vendor Management – Develops and maintains effective relationships with vendors. Monitors work progress and oversee vendor performance to ensure quality completion. Complies with all regulatory, environmental, health and safety requirements. Manages expectations and needs of client user groups without compromising client BGIS objectives. Responds quickly to client requests. Ensures proper and timely reporting and systems inputs. Takes responsibility for your individual and the team’s results. Assist in the development and implementation of new processes Supports management on large and/or unique assignments as required. Attends internal and external team meetings and provides status updates as required. Incorporates sustainable practice, where practical into space planning delivery, in accordance with company processes. Gains approval of project designs by internal business representatives and Project Managers. Other duties assigned. University degree in Interior Design, Masters’ Degree preferred. A combination of Diploma in Interior Design and work experience will be considered. At least 10 years of industry experience in commercial interior design. At least 1 to 2 years of successfully mentoring a team of designers. Must have experience with large and medium size projects, hospitality and commercial. Effective client service skills with ability to manage client expectations or redirect to supervisor as needed. Strong client orientation. Strong client service/management skills. Develop client case studies for Marketing materials. Ability to develop creative but functional interior design solutions solve client issues. Create sounds relationships with clients, contractors, and suppliers to promote repeat business. Strong interpersonal skills. Must have excellent writing, communication, and organizational skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including presentation, documentation and report writing skills. Strong analytical, problems solving, and conflict management skills. Strong organizational and communication skills. Superior time management skills including the ability to manage multiple assignments simultaneously. Results-oriented with strong client service/management skills. Great teamwork skills and ability to work autonomously Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced, high volume, deadline driven environment. Communicate your ideas through a variety of methods including verbal, written, sketches, 3D perspectives, and AutoCAD. Facilitation skills: Run weekly status meetings with the team and clients to ensure project delivery. Provide guidance and mentorship to the design team to ensure quality design is carried throughout projects. Mentoring and coaching junior staff. Must be proficient in MS Excel, MS Office, MS Project, and AutoCAD. Experience working with SketchUp, Bluebeam, Adobe, and InDesign. Experience in facilities office planning and general knowledge of real estate business. General understanding of leasing structures and operating costs Financial skills: Ability to financially assess proposed office relocations and changes including cost estimating and forecasting skills. Exceptional project management skills to ensure targeted schedules are met for all projects on time, on budget, and on scope as agreed with the client. Strong project management documentation skills including project specification writing. Strong working knowledge of project management, design, move management, construction and scheduling as well as knowledge of various furniture systems, interiors, materials, and finishes. Creation and management of project budgets and workback schedules to ensure the firm is delivering on time and on budget. Exhibit detail-oriented project management skills Knowledge of and experience with industry standards, applicable building codes and regulations, including LEED Ability to work on multiple projects, schedule and meet deliverables, you also need to exhibit detail the design to allow for co-ordination, accurate pricing and construction Experience with RFP/RFI bid process and document submissions. Develop high-quality drawing and documentation sets that are clear, comprehensive and consistent Thorough knowledge of construction, mechanical, and electrical space impacts. Thorough knowledge of building issues, building and safety codes the range of relevant products and materials, ergonomics, LEED, Bill 124 and applicable industry standards and regulations. Review final working drawing packages and document contemplated changes, site instruction, change orders. Project Management Professional (PMP) Certified Change Management Practitioner NCIDQ is required ARIDO is required 
ScrapedJobID1053:
Réaliser le développement des rapports et tableaux de bord dans le respect des Modifier les rapports et tableaux de bord existants afin de répondre aux besoins Effectuer les essais et l"assurance qualité des développements avant la mise en Assurer la performance des rapports et tableaux de bord développées Assurer le support de premier niveau des produits informationnels Travailler en étroite collaboration avec les équipes de gestion de l"information afin Assurer le lien avec l"équipe de l"entrepôt de données afin de spécifier les besoins et Participer au profilage des données des systèmes sources Tester les extractions et les requêtes afin d"assurer la qualité des données Créer des tables de faits, de dimensions, et des vues pouvant être utilisées dans les Créer des champs calculés directement dans les bases de données pour supporter Participer aux discussions et aux ateliers de gouvernance Proposer et utiliser les définitions et le lexique d"entreprise Assurer la conformité et l"alignement des indicateurs clefs de performance Recueillir les besoins d"affaires et ceux des clients et utilisateurs Organiser et conduire des séances de travail afin de développer et proposer des Effectuer l"analyse détaillée des besoins et rédiger les spécifications détaillées afin de Participer et conduire des réunions et des revues d"avancement des projets avec les Analyser, cartographier et schématiser les systèmes et les processus d"affaires Créer et supporter la mise en place d"une architecture des données Proposer les meilleures solutions possibles afin d"atteindre les objectifs de l"unité Proposer des indicateurs clefs de performance pertinents Rédiger la documentation des produits informationnels afin d"en permettre une Supporter le déploiement du portail web pour la diffusion des différents rapports et Mettre en place une structure temporaire pour le traitement et la transformation des Supporter l"automatisation des tâches de rafraichissement des données, des rapports Proposer et développer des solutions numériques afin de permettre le suivi des Participer aux initiatives en science des données (apprentissage machine, prévision, Diplôme universitaire en génie, en science informatique, en intelligence d"affaires ou en Diplôme universitaire de 2e cycle en intelligence d"affaires, en science des données, ou Idéalement 1 à 4 ans d"expérience, mais ouvert aux nouveaux diplômés Maîtrise du français et de l"anglais parlé et écrit Expérience de travail dans le secteur manufacturier ou aérospatial un atout Maîtrise de la suite Microsoft 365 Maîtrise avancée du logiciel Power BI Bonne compréhension des besoins d"affaires, des systèmes et des architectures dans un Expérience dans le développement et l"utilisation de modèles relationnels et Bonnes connaissances SQL (fonctions de fenêtre, requêtes imbriquées, tables Expérience de programmation dans un contexte d"analyse de données (ex. VBA, Python, Connaissances de base de SAP, PLM, Jupyter et HDFS un atout Connaissance de la méthodologie agile Connaissance des plateformes en gestion de projets et partage de codes (ex. Azure Le poste est présentement offert en télétravail. Un retour au bureau sera possible lorsque L"horaire de travail est flexible Une analyse de cas sera demandée aux candidats présélectionnés afin de valider les Develop reports and dashboards in compliance with Modify existing reports and dashboards to meet needs Perform tests and quality assurance of developments before implementation Ensure the performance of reports and dashboards developed Provide first level support for information products Work closely with information management teams to Liaise with the data warehouse team in order to specify the needs and Participate in the profiling of data from source systems Test extractions and queries to ensure data quality Create tables of facts, dimensions, and views that can be used in Create calculated fields directly in the databases to support Participate in governance discussions and workshops Propose and use the definitions and the business lexicon Ensure compliance and alignment of key performance indicators Collect business needs and those of customers and users Organize and lead working sessions in order to develop and propose Perform detailed needs analysis and write detailed specifications in order to Participate and lead meetings and project progress reviews with Analyze, map and map systems and business processes Create and support the implementation of a data architecture Propose the best possible solutions in order to achieve the objectives of the unit Propose relevant key performance indicators Write the documentation of information products in order to allow Support the deployment of the web portal for the distribution of the various reports and Set up a temporary structure for the processing and transformation of Support the automation of data refresh tasks, reports Propose and develop digital solutions to allow the monitoring of Participate in data science initiatives (machine learning, forecasting, University degree in engineering, computer science, business intelligence or 2nd year university diploma Ideally 1 to 4 years of experience, but open to new graduates Fluency in spoken and written French and English Work experience in the manufacturing or aerospace sector an asset Proficiency in the Microsoft 365 suite Advanced knowledge of Power BI software Good understanding of business needs, systems and architectures in a Good SQL knowledge (window functions, nested queries, tables Programming experience in a data analysis context (eg VBA, Python, Basic knowledge of SAP, PLM, Jupyter and HDFS an asset Knowledge of agile methodology Knowledge of project management and code sharing platforms (eg Azure The position is currently offered by telecommuting. A return to the office will be possible when The work schedule is flexible A case analysis will be requested from shortlisted candidates in order to validate the 
ScrapedJobID1054:
Obtain a deep understanding of our products through the gathering of technical information from subject matter experts across various functional departments, specifically from software developers and quality assurance, technical solutions architects and product managers Build relationships with subject matter experts to ensure depth, breadth, and accuracy of documentation Consolidate a variety of complex information into intuitive and cohesive documentation structures, including potentially in-product user help and tips Develop and revise documentation in a number of formats, including Confluence pages, Word, Excel, PDF documents, process and workflow diagrams, and technical and operational specifications, including architectural diagrams Prepare charts, graphics, and screen captures to illustrate material Deliver incrementally while keeping track of versions, change histories, and outstanding issues Assist in planning, scheduling, and tracking documentation work to meet release dates and internal and external deliverables. Publish and maintain templates ensuring a polished and consistent "look and feel" Create tutorials and key concept videos; this may include periodic webinars for new product release features Provide regular reporting updates on documentation progress and make recommendations on how to implement new processes or improve on existing ones Post-secondary education with a degree or certification in technical writing, english, You have studied best practices for business, technical and operational documentation, and Minimum 3 years’ of prior applicable technical writing experience interacting/assisting Minimum 3 years’ of prior experience creating developer-focused documentation like API, The individual will either be familiar with marketing technology in general, and loyalty Must have demonstrated experience in technical writing, proposal design, storytelling, and Must be proficient in Microsoft Office, including Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Strong knowledge of XML, HTML, and CSS Strong knowledge of SnagIt, Camtasia or similar screen capture applications Has the proven ability to learn new and complex concepts quickly and apply them correctly. Is a self-starter that takes initiative, is resourceful and self-motived and drives projects to Obtain a deep understanding of our products through the gathering of technical information Build relationships with subject matter experts to ensure depth, breadth, and accuracy of Consolidate a variety of complex information into intuitive and cohesive documentation Develop and revise documentation in a number of formats, including Confluence pages, Prepare charts, graphics, and screen captures to illustrate material Deliver incrementally while keeping track of versions, change histories, and outstanding Publish and maintain templates ensuring a polished and consistent "look and feel" Create tutorials and key concept videos; this may include periodic webinars for new product Provide regular reporting updates on documentation progress and make recommendations Post-secondary education with a degree or certification in technical writing, english, You have studied best practices for business, technical and operational documentation, and Minimum 3 years’ of prior applicable technical writing experience interacting/assisting Minimum 3 years’ of prior experience creating developer-focused documentation like API, The individual will either be familiar with marketing technology in general, and loyalty Must have demonstrated experience in technical writing, proposal design, storytelling, and Must be proficient in Microsoft Office, including Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Strong knowledge of XML, HTML, and CSS Strong knowledge of SnagIt, Camtasia or similar screen capture applications Has the proven ability to learn new and complex concepts quickly and apply them correctly. Is a self-starter that takes initiative, is resourceful and self-motived and drives projects to 
ScrapedJobID1055:
Analyser les spécifications fonctionnelles : Comprendre les principaux systèmes bancaires afin de déterminer l'ampleur des changements requis; Évaluer et prendre des décisions de conception; Préparer le document de conception technique pour les projets importants ou complexes : Préparer les documents de conception technique conformément aux meilleures pratiques internes et externes; Organiser des réunions de conception et obtenir les autorisations requises; Préparer les estimations des efforts requis pour la conception, la programmation et les tests unitaires. Être responsable de la conception, codage et débogage de programmes complexes : Gérer tous les efforts de programmation, quelle que soit leur complexité; Respecter les normes internes de programmation des systèmes d'information; S'assurer que les programmes sont écrits de manière aussi précise et efficace que possible; Appliquer les nouvelles fonctionnalités et les dernières mises à jour disponibles dans le langage de programmation; Participer à l'élaboration de documents détaillés d'instructions de test pour le groupe d'assurance de la qualité; Recommander la meilleure méthode possible pour développer plus rapidement de nouvelles applications en se tenant au courant des nouveaux frameworks et des meilleures pratiques. Trouver, définir et corriger les problèmes de programme signalés : Analyser et résoudre les causes profondes des problèmes du système; Identifier les faiblesses et améliorer la fiabilité du code. Assurer la communication de l'état d'avancement des grands projets au responsable du développement logiciel ou au chef de projet : Fournir des mises à jour hebdomadaires sur l'état d'avancement des grands projets; Consulter le responsable sur les décisions et les contraintes de conception; Recommander de nouvelles politiques ou procédures. Fournir un soutien technique et une formation au personnel responsable des systèmes : Servir de point de contact pour répondre aux questions concernant tous les aspects (ou toutes les composantes) du système; Participer à des réunions et à des ateliers avec les utilisateurs et les analystes commerciaux; Assurer le mentorat des développeurs de logiciels moins expérimentés. Évaluer les solutions des fournisseurs ou des sous-traitants : Recommander la meilleure solution fournisseur. Formation universitaire en informatique ou dans un domaine connexe et Un minimum de 6 ans d'expérience. Toute autre combinaison d'éducation et d'expérience pourrait être considérée; Très bonne connaissance des langages .Net, C #, FetchXML, JQuery / AJAX, Javascript, SOAP; Bonne connaissance de MVC (version utilisée MVC 6); Bonne connaissance de la technologie CRM; Bonne connaissance de TFS, Visual Studio, de la suite Office; Bonne connaissance des bases de données SQL Server, SSRS; Capacité à travailler sous pression (incidents, délais courts et plusieurs dossiers en même temps); Capacité à communiquer facilement avec les utilisateurs; Capacité à travailler en équipe et en mode collaboratif; Aptitudes analytiques et capacité avérée à résoudre des problèmes; Autonomie, pro activité dans le traitement des demandes; Dynamisme et orientation vers les résultats; Souci du travail bien fait et du respect des délais; Sens des responsabilités; Bilinguisme (anglais et français, oral et écrit) Atouts : Connaissance de Knockout; Connaissance de Moment.JS, Spinner.JS; Connaissance de SharePoint; Connaissance de Razor; Certification Microsoft Dynamics CRM; Connaissance de l'infrastructure du système CRM; Connaissance de MS Active Directory. Analyze the functional specifications: Understand key banking systems to determine the extent of changes required; Evaluate and make design decisions. Prepare technical design document for large or complex projects: Prepare technical design documents in accordance with internal and external best practices; Organize design meetings and obtain required permissions; Prepare the estimates of the efforts required for the design, programming and unit tests. Design, coding and debugging of complex programs:; Manage all programming efforts regardless of complexity; Adheres to internal standards for programming information systems; Make sure that programs are written as accurately and efficiently as possible; Apply the new features and the latest updates available in the programming language; Participate in the construction of detailed test instruction documents for the Quality Assurance group; Recommend the best possible method to develop new applications faster by keeping abreast of new frameworks and best practices. Finding, defining and correcting reported program issues: Analyze and resolve the root causes of system problems; Identify weaknesses and improve the reliability of the code. Communication of the status of major projects to the software development manager or the project manager: Provide weekly updates on the status of major projects; Consult the manager on design decisions and constraints; Recommend new policies or procedures. Provide technical support and training to personnel responsible for systems: Act as a point of contact to answer questions concerning all aspects (or all components) of the system; Attend meetings and workshops with users and business analysts; Provide mentoring to less junior software developers. Evaluate supplier or subcontractor solutions: Recommend the best supplier solution. University education in computer science or a related field and A minimum of 6 years of experience. Any other combination of education and experience could be considered; Very good knowledge of .Net, C #, FetchXML, JQuery / AJAX, Javascript, SOAP languages; Good knowledge of MVC (version used MVC 6); Good knowledge of CRM technology; Good knowledge of TFS, Visual Studio, Office suite; Good knowledge of SQL Server, SSRS databases; Ability to work under pressure (incidents, short deadlines and several files at the same time); Ability to communicate easily with users; Ability to work in a team and in a collaborative mode; Analytical skills and demonstrated ability in problem solving; Autonomy, pro activity in handling requests; Dynamic and results-oriented; Concern for a job well done and meeting deadlines; Sense of responsibility; Bilingualism (English and French, oral and written) Assets: Knowledge of Knockout; Knowledge of Moment.JS, Spinner.JS; Knowledge of SharePoint; Knowledge of Razor; Microsoft Dynamics CRM certification; Knowledge of CRM system infrastructure; Knowledge of MS Active Directory. 
ScrapedJobID1056:
Ensure all communications are handled timely, efficiently and professionally. Provide analytical assessment of day to-day issues; as well as strategic opportunities for improvement with customer. Develop allocation plans to optimize constrained availability against prioritized demands. Provide oversight in relation to electronic trading partners and operational execution. Generate daily, weekly and monthly visibility, data quality, and KPI reports. Perform analysis on key KPIs to determine when KPIs are out of acceptable tolerances, determine root causes, and to identify unfavorable trends requiring attention. Drive resolution of weekly exceptions to ensure rapid decision making and timely execution. Responsible for standardizing operations processes, documenting in shared folders and preparing for/implementing new processes and policies. Collaboration with external service providers to troubleshoot and ensure the smooth flow of cargo. Escalation to client(s) when external partners electronic milestones are late or inaccurate. Provide analysis and recommendations which create cost and efficiency savings. Provide excellent customer communications throughout projects to ensure customer satisfaction with project scope, plans and progress towards completion. Provide regular and ad-hoc reporting. Along with your Manager, serve as the conduit between the customer community (internal and external) and the software development team to develop system upgrades to support business and customer needs, including tracking, tracking and reporting inland performance to both customers and management Perform other job-related duties as required. Provides training and guidance to other internal teams relating to SOPs and all customer procedures and requirements. Minimize Demurrage and Detention. If client responsibility, ensure clients know why Maintain frequent contact with assigned clients to discover, discuss, document and follow up on all important issues. Communicate workload, PTO & holiday plans to management and coordinate / train with assigned backup to ensure all assigned clients have adequate coverage. Ensure all SOP/IOPs are adhered to and shortfalls are corrected quickly. Review all IOP/SOPs quarterly. Report internal and external performance to DCM management, PM / GPD / KCM / BDM, and others. Participate in quarterly business reviews (QBR) with large customers. Collect, validate, consolidate, monitor and report any significant customer requirements, expectations and trends. Support DCM management for all enquiries and advise in areas of expertise. Create, maintain & follow up on open issue log with client and drive action plan(s). Raise scope creep concerns to DCM management and PM / GPD / KCM / BDM. Meet internal KPIs, and if below - drive performance upward. Ensure internal KPIs are aligned with customer agreed KPIs and that there is one data set that reflects each. Review operational processes on a regular basis and share best practices with other DCM team members. Report periodically on assigned client performance to DCM manager. Represent the account(s) during all implementations and work together with the implementation manager and DCM manager to ensure smooth onboarding. Work closely with GSC team to ensure good flow of communication and shared best practices. Quarterly audit for revenue leakage. Avoid practices and errors that can expose the DCM group to Demurrage and Detention. Raise potential Demurrage and Detention issues to the DCM manager when first detected. HSSE. Customer Satisfaction Survey (NPS) and customer agreed KPIs. Service delivery levels: Internal operational KPIs. Demurrage and Detention, YoY comparison. Best practice sharing with DCM team members. Composure (high capacity for stress). Assertive/decisive and pro-active. High sense of urgency and persistence. Confidence in dealing with people and building relationships. Ability to problem solve and recommend appropriate course of action: analytical and structured approach. Able to give constructive feedback and challenge where appropriate. Ability to interface well with internal and external operation stakeholders  * Highly customer centric. Basic continuous Improvement techniques and metrics-driven. Good verbal, writing, and presentation skills. Highly proficient in MS Excel to include filters, pivots, and formulas. Ability to create ad-hoc client reports in MS Excel. 2+ years' experience with a proven track record in the international containerized transport industry. 2+ years' experience in customer service and internal relations. 2+ years' experience with drayage and port activity. 2+ years' experience managing carrier and international logistics performance monitoring and reporting. 2+ years' experience analytical skills combined with detailed practical business acumen. 2+ years' experience with Billing. Advanced experience in Microsoft Excel, including filtering, pivots, Boolean formulas, and V-lookups. Mission focus. Must possess the mindset and desire to work & collaborate in a team environment. Must possess a self-starter attitude. Ability to work in a fast-paced and demanding operational environment, sometimes without detailed direction. Proven ability to identify improvement opportunities and perform business and cost analysis to make recommendations. Working simultaneously on multiple, complex projects. Ability to work independently, typically initiating own tasks without input/guidance from manager. 
ScrapedJobID1057:
Collaborate with multiple functions to ensure quality software in an application development and support environment. Develop and establish quality assurance measures and testing standards for new applications, products, and/or enhancements to existing applications throughout their development/product lifecycles. Liaise with vendors and suppliers in assessing applications and/or systems under consideration for purchase. Conduct internal assigned process reviews to measure and assure adherence to established QA standards 5. Collaborate with software/systems personnel in application testing, such as system, unit, regression, load, and acceptance testing methods. Create tests based on documented requirements and input from business/technical resources. Execute test cases against various software applications and document the results. Attend daily project meetings & provide status updates. Communicate defects to stakeholders in clear and concise manner. Create test summary and supporting documentation. Assist in the development of change control processes, practices, and guidelines for new and existing technologies Train and mentor new staff on quality assurance and testing best practices. Other duties as assigned. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent field Minimum six (6) years of experience in overseeing the design, development, and implementation of quality assurance standards for software testing. Minimum three (3) years of experience as a lead tester for a major application integration and/or major application product release Strong data analysis, data verification and problem-solving abilities. Strong ability to work collaboratively in a team environment. Excellent organization skills including management of multiple assignments, setting. personal goals, targets, and document management Excellent focus on detail through adherence of quality assurance best practices Good understanding of software development lifecycles Proficiency with Microsoft Office tools Ability to work in multiple application environments. SQL / Database Administration experience is considered an asset Experience with software automation tools and processes is considered an asset. IIST/ISTQB Certification and GIE/CIP Designation is considered an asset. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. 
ScrapedJobID1058:
Define test strategy and test plan based on software development plan Design detailed test cases based on requirements and test plan Develop test tools and test scripts to automate the testing Prepare test report, provide initial issue analysis, and contribute to defect prevention Setup and configure necessary test equipment and environments for test execution and automation Participate in the continuous improvement of test processes and methodologies 4-7 years of software quality assurance or test experience in mobile or automotive industry Good programming skills in common languages, such as JAVA, C++ or Perl Must have strong automated testing experience Strong experience with test automation framework, tool development and scripting Solid knowledge of software quality assurance methodologies and tools Knowledge of Scrum/Agile software development process Embedded software development experience as a plus Experience with vehicle communication network protocols (CAN, MOST etc) as a plus Outstanding verbal and written communication skills Self-motivated, able to deliver on time, a quick-thinker, a quick-learner and able to work in a fast-paced work environment Strong problem-solving and analytical skills, coordination skills, and interpersonal skills Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent field Advanced degrees preferred 
ScrapedJobID1059:
Close interaction with Business Units, Regional Finance Staff and our shared services team ABS Close interaction with other members of the tax team. Able to work as a member of diverse teams including members from different functional areas such as treasury, accounting & finance, legal and various locations and time zones Timely delivery of tax returns and tax provisions with minimal errors detected on review or subsequent audit Maintenance of files with appropriate documentation to support all tax positions, accounting entries, assessments/audit information etc. Understand and contribute towards the tax team’s KPIs such as cash taxes and ETR measurements Must keep up to date with the federal and provincial income tax rules and regulations. Demonstrated understanding of accounting principles Taking initiative in recognizing problems/issues and proposing appropriate resolutions Knowledge and understanding of business operational concepts Experience with online research materials and tax compliance software Strong organization skills and ability to adapt quickly to change Excellent oral and written communications skills as well as presentation skills Knowledge of accounting and tax within the manufacturing and/or construction industry would be an asset Maintain personal and corporate integrity in all actions Awareness of internal controls providing reasonable assurance of effective and efficient operations, including actions to prevent and detect fraud and protect Company resources Undergraduate degree required in accounting, business, commerce or equivalent experience Professional accounting designation required (CA, CMA, CGA or CPA) A minimum of 2-3years of large corporation accounting and tax. Previous work in a similar industry would be an asset CPA in-depth tax course completion or willingness to complete Advanced computer proficiency – significant spreadsheet skills Experience with online tax research tools, materials. Familiarity with different tax software packages including databases and SAP an asset Awareness of the tax legislation and accounting principles Strong organizational skills and ability to adapt quickly to change Excellent oral and written communications skills as well as presentation skills Action Oriented Priority Setting Business Acumen Decision Quality Functional/Technical Skills Interpersonal Savvy Problem Solving Customer Focus Organizing 
ScrapedJobID1060:
Monday to Friday Banking: 3 years (required) Quality Assurance: 3 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1061:
Build the Software Operations Quality Scorecard and Software Release Readiness Record for vehicle launches. Metrics automation includes: process, configuration management, and product KPI’s. Develop software tools and features to assist with reporting and development process automation Develop and maintain Web UI features using ReactJS Work with and / or develop API using Django (python) Use RestAPI from other 3rd Party tools to fetch Data Work with a SQL Server database to fetch data – able to write SQL queries efficiently Contribute to team deliverable through involvement in agile scrum development sprints Able to work relatively independently Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field 3+ year experience with Web UI development ReactJS 3+ year experience in Python development 3+ year experience working with Django Experience working with databases and writing SQL queries (Ideally SQL Server) Experience with REST API Analytical with the ability to produce creative and effective software solutions to problems Strong communication skill Experience GitHub or other SCM tools Experience building RestAPI using Django Strong aptitude for troubleshooting and problem solving Strong verbal and written communication skills Ability to work in a multi-site team environment where self-driven and self-motivate capabilities are key qualities 8 hour shift React: 1 year (required) Python: 1 year (required) Django: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1062:
B.Arch, Tech, Diploma in Technology, Master's in Architecture or other related Degree Minimum of 3+ years' experience in a BIM related role (BIM assistant, BIM Coordinator, etc., with some BIM Management experience Experience with Quality Assurance, implementing plans for effective use and procedures with BIM and Revit Good research skills Excellent experience with Revit, Rhino, Grasshopper, Dynamo and other software applications an asset Experience guiding and working with teams and projects through the design and software implementation - capable of producing detailed working drawing packages and documents if needed Interest and passion for new technologies and software systems and ability to guide a digital proactive group through the new systems from beginning to end Capable of working with and producing libraries, templates, standards and manuals A detailed approach to project management with an entrepreneurial mindset High energy, innovative thinking and a dynamic approach to design and digital technology Excellent presentation and communication skills Leading firm with new projects focused in sustainability, innovation and design Great compensation and benefits plan Opportunity for professional growth with new systems and courses through company support Excellent team and collaboration with support on all projects throughout the company Amazing opportunities to grow and develop your career further within the company 
ScrapedJobID1063:
Montreal, QC / Remote Work Travel required Must be bilingual NDT VT2, UT L2, MP L2, AND required Advantageous salary, according to union grid Group insurance Salary insurance paid by the company Retirement Savings Plans Must have the following certifications from Natural Resources Canada's non-destructive certification agency VT2 according to CSA W178.1 Level 2 in magnetic particles Level 2 in Ultrasonic Testing Phased Array and/or Level 2 experience or certification in eddy current testing Recognized as an exposure device operator certified by the Canadian Nuclear Safety Commission would be an asset; Must be able to read, understand and follow work instructions in a safe, accurate and timely manner. Candidates must be proficient in different types of computer software (Word, Excel. PowerPoint, and Outlook). Proven ability to manage and coordinate multiple projects in a dynamic and highly professional environment. Candidates must demonstrate excellent verbal and written communication skills, including grammar and composition. Ability to work well with others and independently. Proven time management skills and attention to detail; work well under pressure. Montréal, QC / Travail à distance Voyage requis Doit être bilingue NDT VT2, UT L2, MP L2, ET requis Salaire avantageux, selon grille syndicale Assurances collectives Assurance salaire payée par l’entreprise Plans d’épargne-retraite Doit posséder les certifications suivantes de l'agence de certification non destructive de Ressources naturelles Canada VT2 selon CSA W178.1 Niveau 2 en particules magnétiques Niveau 2 en Tests Ultrasons Expérience ou certification Phased Array et/ou niveau 2 en tests de courants de Foucault Reconnu comme opérateur d'appareil d'exposition certifié par la Commission canadienne de sûreté nucléaire serait un atout; Doit être capable de lire, comprendre et suivre les instructions de travail d'une manière sûre, précise et opportune. Les candidats doivent maîtriser différents types de logiciels informatiques (Word, Excel. PowerPoint et Outlook). Aptitude avérée à gérer et à coordonner plusieurs projets dans un environnement dynamique et hautement professionnel. Les candidats doivent démontrer d'excellentes compétences en communication verbale et écrite, y compris la grammaire et la composition. Capacité à bien travailler avec les autres et de manière indépendante. Compétences avérées en gestion du temps et grand souci du détail ; fonctionne bien sous pression. 
ScrapedJobID1064:
Design complete electrical controls for new equipment PLC and HMI programming  Create electrical drawings Machine wiring Trouble shoot equipment, identify and fix problems Test equipment to make sure it performs according to specifications. Evaluate machine functioning and propose improvements as required. Analyze customer requirements and specifications  Support customers (phone, and in person) on the operation and troubleshooting of equipment When necessary, travel to customer sites to setup and repair equipment Solve and facilitate customer service issues as they arise Answer customer telephone calls and email messages in order to offer them the necessary support for product and service related questions and requests Document all pertinent information related to technical support Perform duties related to special project as required. Very fluent in English (oral and written) and good working knowledge of French DEC (mechanical/electrical) minimum education / Vocational or technical training Mechanical and electrical aptitudes are necessary Ability to read engineering drawings 5 years experience in programming PLC’s and HMI’s Meticulous and detail oriented Able to work with little guidance alone as well as in a team Shows initiative and drive and willing to learn and grow with the company Good communicator Knowledge of electrical drawing software Knowledge of packaging lines or related equipment is an asset Good knowledge of MS Office is an asset Assurance Dentaire Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise Stationnement sur place Tenue Décontractée 8 Heures DEC (Souhaité) programming PLC and HMI's: 5 ans (Souhaité) Non 
ScrapedJobID1065:
In conjunction with the Partners and Managers, plan and conduct full audit, review and compilation engagements. Provide corporate and personal tax preparation, compliance and advisory services. Provide leadership and supervision, as well as assist in the training and development of junior staff. Strong knowledge of assurance and accounting standards. Exceptional written and oral communication skills; bilingualism is considered an asset. Superior client relationship management abilities and commitment to excellence. Experience preparing working paper files using Caseware/Caseview, Taxprep, and MS Word and Excel software. Acquisition of the CPA, CA designation or current CPA Candidate Minimum 2 years progressive experience in a public accounting firm. Keen organizational and time management skills. Overtime pay Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Wellness program Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID1066:
Evaluates complex situations using multiple sources of information filters, validates and interprets dynamic material Manages and appropriately escalates: delivery impediments, risks, issues, and changes associated to the product development initiatives Ability to lead and motivate cross-functional teams and interact with all levels Analysis, planning, developing requirements documents, building functional models, developing procedures, developing functional architectures, and other related management and technical duties Assigns and monitor work of technical personnel, ensuring that project steps are in alignment with business objectives, on-time and within budget Creates a method of change management including ownership of a documentation, communication plans, process training, etc. Defines project scope, deliverables, roles and responsibilities in collaboration with stakeholders and business partners Defines, acquires, and allocates budget, staff, and other resources necessary to accomplish the goals and/or objectives of the program group/function and monitors performance across resource channels Designs and implements processes to monitor and control resources, budget, risks and value to Business Objectives Establishes, plans, and executes major milestone reviews and decision gates to complete the program and project life cycle. Ensures all the required products are produced and reviewed, including the technical leadership of requirements management, design, implementation, system integration, verification, test, quality assurance, delivery, operations, and sustainment of the technical solution Evaluates technological choices (network/hardware related and technology/code related) by querying providers and understanding enough about implications to make choices for the organization that have an appropriate balance between cost /benefit today and future implications and limitations Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group; developers, product owners, and subject matter experts Exercises broadly delegated authority for planning, directing, coordinating, administering, and executing many routine and complex projects/programs. Identifies, clarifies and communicates project vision, goals and objectives and how these tie into, support or impedes organizational strategic objectives Manage scope throughout the project duration. Maintains accurate program estimates, timelines, project plans, status reports Manages and tracks team velocity, financials, and other KPIs in relation to the plan and published progress reports Possesses high level understanding in the areas of web application programming, content management systems, API, database and system design Provide process improvement recommendations based on best practices and industry standards Resolves conflicts by demonstrating leadership and appropriate decision-making competencies Responsible for complex program management tasks and development of standards and processes for scheduling, administration, and accounting. Understands, tracks and articulates issues / risks / action items; work with responsible owners to address the items on a timely basis; update the appropriate stakeholders as needed 5-7+ years of Technical Project Manager experience with gradually increasing responsibilities and a demonstrated understanding of Project Management processes, artifacts and tools A track record as a coach, mentor, and developer of talent Ability to independently manage the operational aspects of ongoing projects and serves as liaison between project management and project team An ability to drive to big picture goals and milestones while valuing and maintaining a strong attention to detail An ability to quickly identify and drive to the optimal solution when presented with a series of constraints Demonstrated ability in people management, strategic planning, risk management, change management, project management Excellent judgment, analytical thinking, and problem-solving skills Experience in business process mapping or operational redesign / improvement Experience working with quality management approaches, techniques, and principles to ensure quality Full understanding of software development lifecycle best practices Knowledge of both theoretical and practical aspects of project management Self-motivated individual that possesses excellent time management and organizational skills Strong cross-functional collaboration skills, relationship building skills and ability to achieve results without direct reporting relationships Strong oral and written communication skills and the ability to present a polished, professional, and diplomatic image to all stakeholders Project Management: 5 years (Preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1067:
Object-Oriented Programming (C#) .Net Framework/.Net Core Azure React JS ASP.NET MVC Entity Framework Micro-Services Containers / Docker Git, JIRA, Confluence and Slack SQL and SQL Server Ensure the team meets project deliverables and deadlines Provide realistic estimations for tasks (with comprehensive inclusions and exclusions), and be able to explain deviations as well as options to address deviations Collaborate in an Agile environment with a dynamic team of software developers, architects, business analysts, product owners and quality assurance specialists Assist in the recruitment process by interviewing potential candidates Create content and contribute to internal wiki technical documentation Mentor and coach team members to ensure technical development by providing them with immediate and continuous performance feedback Innovate, challenge and refine requirements based on technical assessment Provide input and insight on architectural decisions Develop high-quality coding by adhering to the best software development practices Actively participate in code review process and provide constructive feedback Keep up with the latest technological and software development trends Ensure overall software quality and its evolution in the mid to long-term Understand, implement and maintain industry and proprietary design patterns Participate in the continuous improvement of internal processes and development tools Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Engineering or Information Technology or College Diploma combined to 5 years of relevant experience Have prior experience as Senior Developer or 7 years’ experience in software development Expert knowledge of our technologies and tools (see above) Excellent knowledge of design patterns as well as micro-services architecture Advanced knowledge of networking (proxy, certificate management, network protocol…) Excellent knowledge of French and English (spoken and written) Ability to communicate, write and synthesize information Analytical and problem-solving skills Strong sense of organization and prioritizing Ability to multi-task in a rapid-paced environment Team spirit, tact, diplomacy, autonomy, rigor and discipline Knowledge of financial and/or insurance industries Competitive compensation package Comprehensive employee benefits Career Development opportunities Flexible hours and collaborative working spaces Various social and team activities 
ScrapedJobID1068:
Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise Stationnement sur place Travail à Distance 8 Heures DEP/ AEC ou Certificat (Souhaité) Compétences informatique: 2 ans (Souhaité) Français (Obligatoire) Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1069:
Bachelor’s Degree preferably in any Information Technologies (IT) discipline, but IT Management Information Systems or Computer Systems Analyst discipline is most preferred. Store systems and Retail Experience. Previous experience in Oracle Xstore products preferred. Capable of working in fast paced environment. Self-motivator, independent, cooperative, team player, flexible, creative. Architect a standard image for POS environment including POS registers, servers, pin pad, scanners, biometrics, mobile devices SME of all Store system integrations through the omni-channel environment (Xstore & OROB). Manage and administer store systems, including deployment of builds, and patches, and updates Provide second level support, working with Help Desk, actively resolve and close support tickets Collaboratively work with Project Management team on future store system configurations, technical requirements, and integrations. Manage and maintain System and file management for all Store Systems. Make Configuration changes to store systems as needed. Create scripts as needed. PowerShell, SQL Determine root cause and resolve store system failures. Collaborate on improving the scalability and reliability with system integrations and data feeds. Create and maintain Store System Technical Documentation including environment design documents. Able to read and diagnose errors in XML. Develops and executes test plans and test scripts as needed. Works with software vendors to resolve store system issues. Manages 3rd party store support by opening tickets and following up as needed. Lead calls or tickets with vendors on issue resolution. Manage store system production issues as needed. Responsible for store system installations and upgrades by keeping us on current vendor versioning. Contributes to all areas of the Store Systems team as required. Ability to run oracle queries from store system databases for troubleshooting purposes Excellent verbal and written communication skill, including strong questioning and listening skills, and understand the impact on other areas Understand importance of information security and how it impacts store systems. On Call Rotation as needed. Other duties as needed 
ScrapedJobID1070:
Collaborer étroitement avec les équipes d'ingénierie pour comprendre pleinement les exigences du produit et effectuer des tests approfondis d'un point de vue commercial. Pour valider les exigences du logiciel/système, définir et construire des plans de test, ainsi qu'enregistrer les cas de test fonctionnels et d'intégration. Pendant le développement du produit, exécuter des cas de test sur les versions du logiciel. Reconnaître, caractériser et documenter les défauts ou les améliorations du produit. Faire des suggestions de solutions possibles. Travailler avec un minimum de supervision et être capable d'agir de manière autonome. Suivre les résultats des tests et signaler tout problème ou difficulté dans la base de données des défauts. Au besoin, surveiller et mettre à jour la base de données des défauts, y compris la fermeture des rapports de bogue. Mettre en place et maintenir l'environnement de test, y compris le matériel, les logiciels et l'infrastructure réseau, afin de maximiser la couverture des tests dans plusieurs environnements. Collaborer avec divers secteurs fonctionnels pour résoudre les difficultés, comprendre et transmettre les problèmes de service à la clientèle, et mettre en production des éléments de haute qualité. Une licence ou une maîtrise en informatique, en génie électrique ou dans un domaine lié aux logiciels est requise (une combinaison équivalente d'études et d'expérience sera prise en compte). 3+ ans d'expertise en intégration et validation de logiciels Solides compétences analytiques, y compris la capacité à résoudre les problèmes et à identifier les causes principales. Excellentes compétences en matière de réseaux (couches de données L2/L3/L4, TCP/IP, Ethernet, routeurs, pare-feu, etc.) Capable d'exécuter des tests fonctionnels de systèmes en utilisant des équipements électroniques et de réseau. Expérience de la validation de logiciels embarqués Connaissance du cycle de vie du développement logiciel, avec un accent sur la détection des défauts. Expérience préalable dans un environnement AGILE Expérience DevOps avec Azure Expérience pratique de la conception et de la mise en œuvre de bancs d'essai électriques. Les simulations HIL (Hardware In Loop), SIL (Software In Loop) et MIL (Model In Loop) vous sont familières. Expérience de Linux ou d'un autre système d'exploitation basé sur POSIX Capacité à aider à l'automatisation des tests (Python de préférence) Expérience de la validation de bases de données (MSSQL/Oracle) en matière de rapports Familiarité avec les machines virtuelles (ESXi, vSphere, Docker) Expérience de validation avec les logiciels de cloud computing Familiarité avec une variété de systèmes de coordonnées (EPSG, WKT, etc.) Le bilinguisme (anglais et français) est une compétence précieuse. Connaissance des applications minières Collaborate closely with engineering teams to fully comprehend product requirements and conduct extensive testing from a business standpoint. To validate software/system requirements, define and build test plans, as well as record functional and integration test cases. During product development, run test cases on software releases. Recognize, characterize, and document product flaws or improvements. Make suggestions for possible solutions. Work with minimal supervision and be able to act on their own. Keep track of test findings and report any problems or difficulties to the defect database. As needed, monitor and update the defect database, including bug report closure. Set up and maintain the test environment, including hardware, software, and network infrastructure, in order to maximize test coverage across several environments. Collaborate with various functional areas to address difficulties, comprehend and escalate customer service issues, and release high-quality items to production A bachelor's or master's degree in computer science, electrical engineering, or a software-related subject is required (equivalent combinations of education and experience will be considered) 3+ years of software integration and validation expertise Strong analytical skills, including the ability to troubleshoot issues and identify main causes Excellent network skills (data layers L2/L3/L4, TCP/IP, Ethernet, routers, firewalls, and so on.) Able to execute functional system tests using electronic and networking equipment Validation experience with embedded software Knowledge of the software development life cycle, with a focus on defect detection Previous experience in an AGILE environment DevOps experience with Azure Hands-on experience with the design and implementation of electrical test benches HIL (Hardware In Loop), SIL (Software In Loop), and MIL (Model In Loop) simulations are all familiar to you. Linux or other POSIX-based operating system experience Ability to help with test automation (Python preferred) Database validation (MSSQL/Oracle) reporting experience Familiarity with virtual machines (ESXi, vSphere, Docker) Validation experience with cloud software Familiarity with a variety of coordinate systems (EPSG, WKT, etc) Bilingualism (English and French) is a valuable skill. Knowledge of mining applications 
ScrapedJobID1071:
Overtime pay Extended health care Life insurance Profit sharing Monday to Friday DCS / DEC (preferred) Accounting: 5 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1072:
Conduct inspection of highway construction contracts; as per MTO Construction Administration Inspection Task Manual (CAITM) Maintain detailed daily diaries of contractor’s work, contract progress and inspection milestones and ensure that the inspection tasks are completed and recorded in a prompt and accurate manner Ensure that the contractor adheres to all contract requirements, as per Contract Administrator’s direction; e.g. legal, environmental, construction standards, protection of wildlife, etc. Conduct sampling of materials for quality assurance purposes Ensure approved construction materials are used and acquired from approved sources and a record is kept of such materials. Ensure that the contractor applies the Occupational Health and Safety Act, WHIMIS, Environmental Act, Transportation of Dangerous Goods and Waste Management regulations in a manner consistent with the contract Travel and work on contracts throughout Ontario Must be certified by OACETT and possess the Road Construction Senior Inspector (rcji) designation Have some experience inspecting highway construction projects or similar type of work pertaining to road construction (minimum 1-3 projects completed or 1-3 years of general construction experience) Must have knowledge of design standards, specifications, and materials associated with construction, Laws and Regulations including Environmental, Occupational Health & Safety requirements and their application in construction contracts Familiarity with MTO contract documents, specifications, standards, manufacturer’s material specifications, C.S.A. standards and special provisions Computer literacy utilizing MS Office software applications 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID1073:
In conjunction with the Partners and Managers, plan and conduct full audit, review and compilation engagements. Provide corporate and personal tax preparation, compliance and advisory services. Provide leadership and supervision, as well as assist in the training and development of junior staff. Strong knowledge of assurance and accounting standards. Exceptional written and oral communication skills; bilingualism is considered an asset. Superior client relationship management abilities and commitment to excellence. Experience preparing working paper files using Caseware/Caseview, Taxprep, and MS Word and Excel software. Acquisition of the CPA, CA designation or current CPA Candidate Minimum 2 years progressive experience in a public accounting firm. Keen organizational and time management skills. Overtime pay Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Wellness program Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID1074:
8 hour shift Day shift No 
ScrapedJobID1075:
Assisting customers with frame and lens selection Frame adjustments and repairs Processing and receiving lab orders Managing incoming lens orders Managing current contact lens trials and revenue stock Have current experience with ophthalmic laboratory equipment, (i.e. lensometer, edger) and quality assurance procedures. Ensure lenses meet standards and tolerances. Take pride in appearance, maintain a well-organized area with a high level of quality control at all times. Have excellent attention to detail and good manual dexterity. Be excellent at written & verbal communication along with organization and social skills Assisting in contact lens fittings as well as insertion & removal training Outgoing personality with ease of making conversation along with several social interactions Being able to build strong working relationships with patients, doctors and staff Works well in a team environment Ability to learn quickly, adapt to change and exercise judgement and make decisions Organized, detail-oriented and time management skills Able to follow through on a task with consistent performance Optimistic outlook towards all activities and a enthusiastic acceptance of new ideas Strong computer and typing skills with the ability to learn new software Excellent written and verbal communication skills Experience with contact lenses is an asset High-end retail or customer service experience an asset Career minded Bonus pay Company events Dental care Extended health care On-site parking Paid time off Store discount Vision care 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Weekend availability Optical experience: 1 year (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1076:
Maintain a Document Management System which will be used to register, organize, maintain, issue and distribute the project plans, documentation, drawings and records; Receive, register, organize, and maintain project documentation relating to design, quality, procurement, construction, commissioning and operations; Maintain the project document numbering system and document templates; Ensure that documents are authorized, issued and distributed correctly; Provide a single coordination point for the management of project documents and records; Monitor the effectiveness of Document Management System and where necessary, identify and implement improvements to maintain efficiency; Manage the project’s paper based systems for the storage, distribution, retrieval of documentation and records; and Other duties as assigned. Provide a high level of quality assurance and technical review on all document management system matters relating to the project; Liaise with document originators and/or designers to ensure accuracy and to resolve discrepancies relating to the Document Management System; and, Ensure the construction, procurement and commissioning teams have access to the correct documentation and conduct regular audits to ensure compliance. Must be able to demonstrate computer literacy in Microsoft Office applications and a engineering or construction oriented Document Management System; Excellent verbal and written communication and presentation skills and the ability to collaborate within an international project team environment; and Familiarity with technical documentation including project plans, technical specifications, engineering drawings, design reports, quality records, software, external standards, procedures, work instructions, safety related documentation and construction records is desirable. Excellent coordination and organizational skills are essential; 5+ years’ document management experience using a document management system; Must possess the ability to organize, schedule and coordinate own workload to meet established deadlines and milestones; Proficient in Microsoft Office, Adobe Acrobat 9 Professional, Publisher, Visio and Photoshop is desirable. Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends No 
ScrapedJobID1077:
Responsible for the second level pharmacy systems business support for stores and field resources, store acquisitions, and mergers. This includes researching and developing solutions for new functional issues as a result of government and third party changes, including issues that arise due to unknown causes. Work collaboratively with IT Pharmacy teams to provide pharmacy systems business support as it relates to third party adjudication, store acquisition and merger support, and documentation. Researches and tests various functional solutions, strategies, and tactics to create and update reference material content specific to the pharmacy application as it relates to third party adjudication issues, expanded scope of pharmacy practice, and pharmacy initiatives. Liaises with the IT Pharmacy Application Support to complete store mergers, acquisitions, and closings. This includes establishing and providing content for data conversion business rules, data integrity and operationalization, creation of test cases, execute user acceptance, evaluation of new development, and store user documentation requirements. Support implementation of new HealthWATCH Releases: support the development from a pharmacy usability perspective; execute user acceptance testing; provide walkthroughs and demos of the Release features to first and second level pharmacy support teams; provide or review knowledgebase articles and support documentation for first and second level pharmacy functional support to support Release deployments; participate in post-deployment cross functional support discussions Liaises with the Pharmacy Enhanced Support team in providing ongoing support and training of new pharmacy related programs, initiatives, and issues management. Assists with new and existing provincial, federal, and private adjudicators and other pharmacy teams to influence and ensure their policies, rules, protocols, services, and claims processing are compliant with existing claims and data exchange standards, guidelines, and standards of practice. Analyzes, researches, and develops business rules to provide assistance with operational impact analysis, testing, documentation content, planning, implementation, and integration of pharmacy programs and initiatives. Occasional travel will be required. Experien c e wi t h multiple Ph a r macy s y stems (HWNG, Delta, Kroll, Win Rx, Fil l wa r e , Nexx s ys, Assyst-Rx) Knowledge of various pharmacy workflows Knowledge of pharmacy ancillary applications and systems – Digital Pharmacy, Scriptpro, MMS, Accuro, Freedom Rx, LITES AR, BIDW Knowledge of eHealth An understanding of the CPhA03 Pharmacy Claim Standard and the CLHIA Coordination of Benefits Guideline. One to two years experience in software maintenance, testing/quality assurance, development, support and implementation. Excellent problem solving and interpersonal skills. Experience with expanded scope of pharmacy practice, e.g. Medication Reviews, Injection Services, Prescribing, etc. Experience with Retail/Long Term Care aspect of pharmacy services. Fluency in both official languages an asset. High level of proficiency Microsoft Office applications and Google Suite. Ability to work flexible hours (including weekends). Ability to work independently as well as in a team environment. Valid driver’s license is an asset Three to four years of advanced experience/knowledge of current pharmacy business practices and pharmacy legislation, which includes in depth knowledge of provincial and third party drug plan rules and adjudication processes from a national perspective. Three to four years of Pharmacy Assistant experience at store level or a successfully completed Pharmacy Technician Program Successfully completed Pharmacy Technician Program an asset 
ScrapedJobID1078:
Monday to Friday quality assurance: 5 years (preferred) Google Cloud Platform: 3 years (preferred) Test automation: 5 years (preferred) Python: 4 years (preferred) Selenium: 5 years (preferred) Java: 4 years (preferred) Cucumber: 2 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1079:
Gère les projets de ventes de moteurs industriel Caterpillar et Perkins Supporte les activités de ventes de pièces Perkins Gère le retour et les crédits pour le noyaux de pièces Perkins Coordonne les activités des opérations, d’achats et de travaux en atelier pour ses projets Fait le suivi (coût, cédule, qualité). Évalue et applique les correctifs nécessaires pour respecter l'enveloppe budgétaire estimée et les échéanciers des projets. DEP ou DEC en mécanique combiné à 3 ans d’expérience pertinente Bilinguisme (parlé et écrit) Connaissance des logiciels MS Office, d’un système en gestion manufacturière et/ou du système DBS, et de SAP (un atout) Expérience en gestion de projets, un atout Manages Caterpillar and Perkins industrial engine sales projects Supports Perkins parts sales activities Manages Cores return and credits for the Perkins parts Coordinates operations, procurement and workshop activities for its projects Follow-up (cost, schedule, quality). Evaluates and applies the necessary corrective measures to respect the estimated budget envelope and the project deadlines Dep or Dec in mechanical combined with 3 years of relevant experience Bilingualism (spoken and written) Knowledge of MS Office software, a system in manufacturing management and / or DBS, and SAP (an asset) Project management experience an asset Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Régime d'Achat d'Actions 8 Heures Du Lundi au Vendredi Quart de jour Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1080:
Coordinate reporting efforts, failure analysis, standards, and drawings, as well as other technical requirements of industrial repairs and fabricated components with Technical Services department. Work directly with Technical Sales Representatives to support customer focused sales inquiries. Evaluate quote requests including BOM’s, specifications, drawings, delivery needs, test plans and general requirements. Develop and submit proposals for quotation, test plans and deliveries that may include the full scope of proposal or specialized portions within corporate standards and quality procedures. Continuously improve existing quality program and implement company quality control manual, develop product specific quality plans as well as Inspection and Test Plans (ITP) for shop use. Develop technical documentation that supports the Applied Industrial Technologies repair and manufacturing process specific to incoming orders and customer requests. Establish and maintain strong working relationships with manufacturers and customers. Assess product improvement recommendations and initiate required internal change. Develop expertise relevant to the shop processes in order to support peers and colleagues. Generate work instructions for shop processes necessary to support the Applied Industrial Technologies customer base and repair requirements. Engineering Degree or Diploma, or related technical experience in a shop environment Experience working in a rotating equipment maintenance, repair or fabrication environment an asset General understanding of steel components, properties and related welding and machining procedures. Service orientated with exposure to quality assurance and quality control. Ability to read, interpret and apply codes, standards, specifications, and drawings. Proficient with computers including Microsoft Office and ERP software (SAP preferred). Ability to prioritize and number of tasks and complete a variety of work assignments within structured deadlines. Extremely high level of attention to detail and strong root cause analysis skill. Ability to use both written and verbal skills to effectively communicate technical information. Bonus pay Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Edmonton, AB: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) Have you completed an Engineering Degree or Diploma (such as MET) or do you have related technical experience in a shop environment? rotating equipment maintenance, repair, or fabrication: 3 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1081:
Motivate and lead a team of Software Developers and Software Testers Work with Product Managers & Product Owners in the selection, specification, estimation and scheduling of our service features Work with Pod Leaders on the prioritization and allocation of feature development and quality assurance work within the team Lead and coordination of Testers and Application Specialists working on quality assurance, along with automated testing of the products Contribute to the architectural direction of our services Continual improvement and refinement of software engineering processes Implementing and developing of our software tools Experience leading software development teams Bachelor's Degree in a Software related discipline Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Strong technical software development background to understand the complexities and work of the team Leader who can bring a coaching and mentoring philosophy, lead through growth challenges, and provide strategic direction A passion for coaching others and helping team members develop Considerable understanding of modern cloud service development, deployment, and operations The ability to build and maintain strong professional relationships with internal stakeholders Excellent time and task management skills Demonstrated experience responding to and resolving problems in a timely manner. 
ScrapedJobID1082:
Work carried out throughout the building, including offices, laboratories, animal rooms and mechanical rooms; Sensory attention regularly required; The work schedule requires flexibility according to the demands of current projects, as well as being on call from time to time and the ability to work at night; Handling of potentially hazardous materials. College diploma in a related field or equivalent; Stationary engine mechanic certification, class 4B; obligatory Knowledge of maintenance software is an asset; 5 years of experience in building maintenance; Experience in a pharmaceutical environment; Fluency in French is required, reading English is required; Good interpersonal and communication skills; Good analytical and problem solving skills; Ability to work with time constraints and adapt to changes; Flexibility to work with varied work schedules; Ability to work in a team; Working knowledge of the computer software used; Minimum of 3 weeks’ vacation Paid sick / personal days Paid overtime Shift premiums Paid uniform Competitive benefits starting from day one (health and dental coverage) Access to a savings and retirement program including an employer contribution Free, unlimited, and confidential access to health care professionals for you and your family, through telemedicine app Employee Assistance Programs Tuition reimbursement program Employee Activities Volunteering Program (paid day) Employee referral bonuses Relocation assistance Career advancement opportunities and training A recognition program Positive Company Values & Culture 
ScrapedJobID1083:
Assists the pharmacist in preparing required supplies for delivery, including labelling medications, picking proper products to fulfill the orders, and making blister packs Assists the pharmacist in entering prescriptions into the prescription software (Kroll), and filling/billing such prescriptions Assists the pharmacist in filling refills through the prescription software (Kroll), including processes auto refill prescriptions, process prescriptions that are in scheduled batches Performs billing of supplies on behalf of the patient to Green Shield through the online Provider Connect portal Communicates with patients regarding their third party insurance provider or other provincial coverage to resolve billing issues Communicates with patients' third party plans to troubleshoot rejected claims Assists the pharmacist in maintaining appropriate inventory levels through cycle counts, sending and receiving wholesale orders using Pharmaclik Maintains pharmacy records including filing and documenting required information on dispensing records. Communicates appropriately with all members of the healthcare team. Documents appropriately according to P&Ps, all activities using required paperwork (logs) Participates in Performance Improvement and Quality Assurance activities education programs and department/branch meetings. Performs other duties as assigned. Pharmacy Assistant Certificate/Diploma from an accredited institution is strongly preferred. Experience in a busy community pharmacy setting or specialty pharmacy setting is preferred. Organized and disciplined; strong computer skills Typing speed min. 40wpm; Able to perform pharmacy mathematical calculations; Able Strong communication skills (phone and written) PHYSICAL DEMANDS The employee is regularly required to talk or hear. Use computer and other equipment and reach with hands and arms. Vision requirements include close vision, colour vision, night vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to adjust focus. Lifting required as per employee capacity, employee must notify Supervisor regarding any health issues that may affect ability to lift WORK ENVIRONMENT While performing the duties of this job, the employee may be exposed to fumes or airborne particles The employee may be occasionally exposed to toxic or caustic chemicals The employee occasionally works near moving parts The noise level in this work environment is usually moderate 
ScrapedJobID1084:
Provide oversight and support to other business analyst Guide and mentor junior to intermediate business analysts Recommend business analysis templates and guide other analysts in the application of business analysis techniques and tools Provide deliverable status reports Support the Project Manager as required Provide business analysis support to projects and/or initiatives by facilitating discussions to capture business needs and translate them into appropriate requirement type Manage all requirements and specification documents Create and manage required business analysis documentation Support the project manager in change management, risk identification and mitigation Facilitate SME process workshops and document business process workflows. Identify, create and deliver training on procedural documentation Identify training requirements and support and/or deliver stakeholder training as required. Create clear and consistent documentation, without ambiguity, as the work produced provides the foundation for application development work Work with 3rd party vendors to coordinate work and support issue resolution Experience with software testing (SDLC) and test methodology As required, create and manage a test strategy Support the Quality Assurance lead in the creation of various test documentation. Leveraging the requirements traceability matrix, support and/or execute application and process testing to ensure application meets business needs. Execute and/or manage testing as required Identify system defects and support re-testing/defect resolution Certificate of Capability in Business Analysis (CCBA) and/or Foundation Certificate in Business Analysis would be considered an asset. 10+ years plus demonstrated project business and systems analysis experience 5+ years of experience in working with IT on system implementations and/or enhancements, business process improvements and business process re-engineering Demonstrated documentation and technical writing experience Experience mentoring junior Business Analysts Ability to effectively work independently Analytical Thinker Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strategic problem solver Able to manage changing priorities within defined constraints Effectively manage stakeholder expectations Effective Communication and Presentation skills Able to influence others using analysis techniques Able to effectively chair and facilitate meetings 
ScrapedJobID1085:
Work with talented and dedicated co-workers Highly Competitive Salary Comprehensive benefits Paid vacation days and bonuses Building the company web applications Deploying and scaling the company services Automating the company development and deployment process Testing and Quality Assurance for modules and services 3+ years experience developing production software at scale Previous experience working in fast-paced environments Proficient in the use of web technologies - JavaScript (React) Experience with REST API development and best practices Strong attention to detail Experience acting as a mentor to team members 
ScrapedJobID1086:
Serve as a critical team member to help execute client engagements, with responsibility for directing the client team, delegating tasks, handling all elements of execution, and helping manage the client relationship on each assignment. Business Development responsibilities, with a target of introducing new client prospects, attending industry events, and cross-selling other FTI Consulting services. Utilizing your exceptional leadership and technical skills, project management and communication skills, as well as a sense of urgency and drive to help the company service its clients. Support a full range of transaction advisory work; including services for buyers, sellers, and lenders. Building internal relationships with members of the Transaction support team and other FTI services. Be part of a fast-growing business with a cooperative atmosphere that helps clients maximize value and minimize risk during the acquisition or divestiture process. Clients served tend to be 75% private equity, and 25% corporate clients. Typical work products include: Quality of Earnings (EBITDA), Working Capital, Quality of Net Assets, Forecast Analysis, Debt and Debt Like Items, Customer/Product/Channel/Category sales and margin analysis, inventory costing and bill of materials. Bachelor or Advanced Degree (preferred) in accounting and/or finance required. CPA certification. 10 years in assurance/audit in a Big 4 or national accounting firm, specifically in Transaction Advisory Practice. Travel required to clients and to FTI office(s) Strong technical accounting skills, with detailed knowledge of GAAP and SEC requirements. Ability to interface with team members and client personnel in demanding, deadline-focused situations. Proficient with PC environments and related software, including Microsoft Office applications, especially advanced skills in Excel and PowerPoint. Proficient use and enquiry of computer models and development of dynamic spreadsheet applications. A strong aptitude for quantitative and qualitative analysis and the ability to link business strategy to performance and due diligence findings. The ability to conduct detailed analysis (using external information) on products, markets, competitors and customers to identify risks and opportunities. Ability to work independently in fast-paced, multi-tasked environment. Ability and willingness to learn and adapt in an ever-changing environment to meet client needs. Advanced issue resolution and problem-solving skills. Strong written and verbal communication skills. COVID Vaccine required* Individuals seeking an exemption from this requirement for medical or religious reasons should complete a request for accommodation form and submit the form to your recruiter.Our Benefits Competitive salary and bonus plans Generous paid holidays, time off and parental leave Full package of benefits plans Company matched 401K Annual paid volunteer hours Corporate matching for charitable donations Potential for flexible working arrangements Free snacks and drinks Upscale offices close to public transportation Pet insurance 
ScrapedJobID1087:
Establish specifications that translate user needs into solutions while observing agreed budgets, timeframes and technical parameters. Design and develop system components, including programming, documentation and testing of solutions. Ensure system quality, security and stability by following development and documentation standards and practices. Work closely with the software integrators and designer for software design, development, configuration and fault correction. Provide second-level technical support to the Help Desk or Operations to resolve production problems. Adapt to changing technology, learning and applying new methods for achieving the goals of the organisation. Adhere to established policies, standards and procedures for ensuring the security and integrity of systems and data. Aide au Transport Quotidien Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Bourses d'Études Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise REER Collectif Tenue Décontractée Travail à Distance 8 Heures Baccalauréat (Souhaité) Microsoft Dynamics 365: 5 ans (Souhaité) Français (Obligatoire) Anglais (Souhaité) 
ScrapedJobID1088:
Close interaction with Business Units, Regional Finance Staff and our shared services team ABS Close interaction with other members of the tax team. Able to work as a member of diverse teams including members from different functional areas such as treasury, accounting & finance, legal and various locations and time zones Timely delivery of tax returns and tax provisions with minimal errors detected on review or subsequent audit Maintenance of files with appropriate documentation to support all tax positions, accounting entries, assessments/audit information etc. Understand and contribute towards the tax team’s KPIs such as cash taxes and ETR measurements Must keep up to date with the federal and provincial income tax rules and regulations. Demonstrated understanding of accounting principles Taking initiative in recognizing problems/issues and proposing appropriate resolutions Knowledge and understanding of business operational concepts Experience with online research materials and tax compliance software Strong organization skills and ability to adapt quickly to change Excellent oral and written communications skills as well as presentation skills Knowledge of accounting and tax within the manufacturing and/or construction industry would be an asset Maintain personal and corporate integrity in all actions Awareness of internal controls providing reasonable assurance of effective and efficient operations, including actions to prevent and detect fraud and protect Company resources Undergraduate degree required in accounting, business, commerce or equivalent experience Professional accounting designation required (CA, CMA, CGA or CPA) A minimum of 2-3years of large corporation accounting and tax. Previous work in a similar industry would be an asset CPA in-depth tax course completion or willingness to complete Advanced computer proficiency – significant spreadsheet skills Experience with online tax research tools, materials. Familiarity with different tax software packages including databases and SAP an asset Awareness of the tax legislation and accounting principles Strong organizational skills and ability to adapt quickly to change Excellent oral and written communications skills as well as presentation skills Action Oriented Priority Setting Business Acumen Decision Quality Functional/Technical Skills Interpersonal Savvy Problem Solving Customer Focus Organizing 
ScrapedJobID1089:
Developing upon the vision of QA practices for the project or product and implementing that vision Overseeing a team of testers to ensure successful development and execution of test scenarios and test scripts to meet the plan and ensure quality delivery Leading the selection, configuration, usage, and maintenance of automated test frameworks and tools Leading the development and championing the adoption of quality measures and standards for new applications and/or enhancements throughout development lifecycles. Providing mentoring and coaching to other team members Interpreting and transforming product requirements into test requirements, plans, and cases Executing automated and manual test cases as appropriate. Creating and analyzing formal test results to discover and report any defects, bugs, errors, configuration issues, and interoperability flaws Identifying opportunities for automation and building automated test scripts Conducting internal audits to measure adherence to quality standards Collaborating with development teams on functional and non-functional testing and recommending application improvements to development teams Reporting on progress, results, and software readiness to project stakeholders Demonstrated project management skills and/or substantial exposure to project-based work Knowledge of testing and automation frameworks such as Junit, Selenium, Appium, JMeter, SoapUI Experience developing in Java and/or C# Strong knowledge of system testing best practices and methodologies Experience with SQL query development, automated testing, and reporting software Proven data analysis, data verification, and problem-solving abilities Experience testing APIs, services, drivers, or web and database applications Able to organize and execute tasks in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment Able to work effectively in a team environment with minimal supervision A strong communicator (both written and verbal) and presenter Detail-oriented 
ScrapedJobID1090:
Designing and constructing high-performance, scalable data pipelines to operationalize our state-of-the-art solutions ranging from quantum computing pipelines to deep learning based recommender systems Creating innovative solutions to tackle computationally intensive challenges and business issues Writing production Python/Scala scripts in a Spark/Databricks environment to support the data pipelines that feed Machine Learning models Leveraging cloud environments and following best practices while building solutions in the data lake as it evolves to meet the needs of the business Performing data wrangling, feature engineering, and dimension reduction with data of all shapes and sizes, from parquet files to images Partnering with Machine Learning Engineers, Data Scientists, and Cloud Architects to deliver models into production Coaching, mentoring, and providing feedback to team members and junior data engineers Discovering novel datasets and data sources and making them available for modeling and reporting Using your expertise in big data technologies to champion innovation, design, and implement data-stores and analytic models, oversee large-scale data lake platforms, and design and implement efficient data pipelines from source systems to data-stores Defining and implementing Quality Assurance best practices that support the implementation of data transformations and the availability of high-quality data Expertise in Python and Spark. Experience in other programming languages such as Java, Scala, or C++ is a plus Expertise in SQL Experience designing and deploying high-performance data processing systems with reliable data validation, monitoring, and logging practices Rigor in high code quality, automated testing, and other engineering best practices Experience with big data technologies such as Hadoop, Spark and Databricks Familiarity with software development best practices, including version control, CI/CD and CAB processes Expert knowledge of databases and modern data workloads A strong communicator Detail-oriented and organized A leader with an ownership mindset Passionate about machine learning Able to work independently and as part of a team 
ScrapedJobID1091:
Defining and delivering the strategy, plan and implementation of the overall Engineering Solution for the Product. Defining the System development life cycle and defining the process, practices and tools applicable to the product based on the BL / Domain reference system and tailored based on specific constraints Writing the SEMP, organize co-engineering and approving the lower level solution elements engineering plans including those flow down to subcontractors and partners in the frame of the engineering work-packages Directing and providing overall technical and engineering leadership to the team assigned to the product to deliver the Engineering solution to time, cost and quality; this will be done through the accurate measurement of progress on the project using the proper Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) Managing Risks and Opportunities for all product activities Ensuring that the Engineering Processes, practices and tools are applied correctly and appropriately on the product to company, legislative, regulatory and international standards, as defined in the associate product plans Leading the interfacing with the Engineering teams of the client and other external Engineering parties to ensure that the integration and migration of the overall Engineering solution within its infrastructure and associated product is achieved Ensuring that the Product’s Design and other Technical Certification is coordinated, complete and consistent with the delivered and can be provided to projects Management of change, variation, risk and opportunity, recovery and acceleration as it affects the delivery of the Engineering solution with the Product Line Manager Overseeing the development of cost and time estimates for product activities to meet business and project objectives Ensuring that any Corrective Actions and Observations related to the engineering delivery and solution are closed in a timely and complete manner Defining the Engineering skills needed for the product and working with the Engineering Functional Teams to ensure that the Product’s team are competent, developed to their full potential, mobilized and released in a timely and planned manner Ensuring that the Engineering Performance Plan, as defined at Company level, is properly deployed in the Product Monitoring competitiveness KPIs, and leading corrective actions when required Supporting capitalization activities for the product as well as lessons learned Contributing to the Quality Assurance activities by ensuring visibility on the engineering work packages for the product QAM Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent Minimum of 3 years experience managing safety critical software development Must have 3 to 5 years in Rail and Signaling or other related safety critical industry Needs 3 to 5 years of experience managing cross functional teams Should have 1 to 3 years experience managing schedules and budgets Over 5 years experience in Rail and Signaling PMP is an asset Knowledge of MS project, Primavera or other scheduling tools 
ScrapedJobID1092:
Si vous avez un historique de succès dans la vente de produits et/ou services B2B ... Si vous voulez apprendre dans un milieu stimulant de ventes, ciblant les petites, moyennes et grandes entreprises ... Si vous excellez à créer des relations d’affaires, vous possédez un large réseau d'affaires et vous connaissez très bien le marché et les industries locales ... Si vous avez connu du succès dans un environnement de commission avec des objectifs de vente mensuels ... Si vous êtes une personne motivée et capable de travailler de façon autonome avec une supervision limitée ... Acquérir de nouveaux clients Planifier des rendez-vous hebdomadaires avec des clients potentiels Appeler des prospects (« cold call ») tous les jours / semaine Superviser le processus de vente du début à la fin: évaluer les besoins des clients, planifier des présentations, collecter les informations nécessaires pour ouvrir de nouveaux comptes clients Démontrer correctement toutes les caractéristiques et les avantages spécifiques à chaque client Développer et maintenir une clientèle fidèle grâce à un service de haute qualité Effectuer des suivis auprès des clients pour s'assurer qu'ils sont complètement satisfaits Utilisez SalesForce CRM pour enregistrer efficacement les activités, prospects et clients. Traiter les plaintes des clients et proposer des solutions judicieuses Obtenir des informations sur le marché grâce à la recherche, aux associations professionnelles et au développement des relations. Mettre en œuvre de nouvelles idées ou techniques apprises par l'expérience et l'interaction avec les pairs. Démontrer un degré élevé de courtoisie, d'efficacité et de professionnalisme lors de la communication avec des clients internes et externes Planifier et exécuter efficacement la stratégie de vente Baccalauréat dans un domaine pertinent (vente, marketing, etc.) Minimum de trois à cinq (3-5) ans d'expérience en tant que représentant des ventes B2B Bilinguisme (français/anglais) Réseau local étendu et contacts d'affaires Expérience professionnelle démontrée dans la vente de produits et/ou de services Axé sur les objectifs pour atteindre les quotas grâce à la motivation personnelle, la persévérance et la détermination. Forte orientation sur le service à la clientèle Excellente communication (verbale et écrite) Solides compétences de présentation Doit être familier avec la méthodologie et le processus de « Sales Funnel » Connaissance d'Excel, de Word et de PowerPoint If you have a proven history of success selling B2B products and/or services ... If you are willing to learn in a fast paced environment that involves hunting and closing small, medium and large business clients.... If you excel at building relationships , you have an extended local business network and you are very knowledgeable about the local market and industries … If you have excellent problem solving and analytical skills... If you have prior success in a commission environment with a monthly quota... If you are a memorable, highly motivated goal oriented self-starter , capable of working independently with limited supervision... Acquire new customers; Weekly appointments with potential clients; Cold Calling every day/week; Oversee the sales process from beginning to end: evaluate clients’ needs, schedule sales presentations, collect the necessary information to open new client accounts; Properly demonstrate all features and benefits that are specific to each individual customer; Develop and maintain a loyal customer base through high quality service; Perform follow-ups with clients to ensure they are completely satisfied; Use SalesForce CRM to efficiently log activities, prospects and clients; Address customer complaints and propose sound solutions; Obtain knowledge of the market through research, trade associations and relationship development; Seek to implement new ideas and or techniques learned through experience and interaction with peers; Demonstrate a high degree of courtesy, efficiency and professionalism when communicating with internal and external clients; Effectively plan and execute sales strategy. Bachelor's degree in a relevant field (sales, marketing, etc.) Minimum three to five (3-5) years experience as a B2B Sales Representative; Strong communication skills in both French and English (verbal and written); Extended local network and business contacts; Demonstrated track record of achievement in selling products and/or services; Goal-oriented to achieve targets through self-motivation, persistence and determination; Strong customer service orientation; Strong presentation skills; Must be familiar with Sales Funnel methodology and process; Knowledge of Excel, Word and PowerPoint. 
ScrapedJobID1093:
Facilitate structured learning experiences ( training) for CBI Coordination staff and others as needed Develop and oversee the production of quick reference manuals, training and instructional materials Utilize technology to enhance training through presentations, PowerPoints, video modules etc. Delivery of Orientation for new hires as requested Work closely with Quality Assurance and National Leadership to develop tools and /or metrics to measure effectiveness of training Conduct regular audits on all courses to identify opportunities to update or improve content and incorporate new trends Work with leaders in local sites, NCSC and Standards & Process to identify ongoing opportunities to scale training through strategies such as “train the trainer”, webinar, online modules . Identify training needs and requirements by interfacing with national leadership and local site leaders as needed Work with National Training Manager to create a standardized training experience. Make recommendations for content changes to training materials Participate in discussion and development of standardized workflows as needed Scan the organization and link with CBI teaching and training resources to access existing content and infrastructure to include in training programs Stay abreast of new trends and tools in employee training and development Work with leaders in local sites, NSCS and Standards & Process to ensure all materials are up-to-date with current processes. Maintain current knowledge of CBI training principles and policies, software and research. Ensure that costs such venue or meals are aligned with expectations set by the National Director of Client Services Centres or designate Research, select and book venues or catering when required Create document to track training metrics including module completion, proactive/reactive refreshers, attendance, and specific coordinator skillsets and new hire progress through the initial stages of the Training program. Demonstrated educator/training experience Fluent in both English & French Ability to teach participants at different levels and learning styles Computer skills – Microsoft Office Suite, ability to use and utilize scheduling systems All team members are required to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 and provide proof of vaccination upon hire or provide a valid medical exemption Post-Secondary education in Adult Education, Communications or related field Experience creating training programs and resources Experience tracking and auditing training programs Medical administration would be an asset 
ScrapedJobID1094:

ScrapedJobID1095:

ScrapedJobID1096:
Objectives of this Role Maintain constant communication with management, staff, and customers to ensure proper operations of the organization Develop, implement, and maintain quality assurance protocols Grow the efficiency of existing organizational processes and procedures to enhance and sustain the organization’s internal capacity Actively pursue strategic and operational objectives Ensure operational activities remain on time and within a defined budget Track staffing requirements, hiring new employees as needed Oversee Customer accounts and growing them Lead, motivate, and support your team within a time-sensitive and demanding environment, including setup and implementation of career development plans for all direct reports and problem resolution Follow up on customer complaints and employee concerns Knowledge of Workers Compensation laws Manage timely recruitment needs of our customers, and deliver excellent customer service Communicate effectively with our customers and build upon our customer base Work closely with your managers and provide support when needed Ensure the timely response to the customer inquires and prompt completion of customer recruitment requests Post secondary education 5 + years experience in a staffing firm environment Strong budget development and oversight skills Excellent ability to delegate responsibilities while maintaining organizational control of branch operations and customer service Highly trained in conflict management and business negotiation processes Knowledge of general business software and aptitude to learn new applications; proficiency in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook) 
ScrapedJobID1097:

ScrapedJobID1098:
This is a full-time opportunity and ideal for someone looking for a long-term job. You will be sitting down for half of your shift and the lifting requirement are up to 20-30 lbs. There are different shifts available for morning, afternoon, and night shifts. Full-time Production associate job Three different shifts to chose from for managing your other priorities of life Lot of room for growth and learning Transit accessible Opportunity for permanency Manual assembly of Electronic components including complex and high-density projects according to assembly books, custom specs and quality standards Ensure full compliance with all applicable quality assurance standards and internal SOPs Component preparation, placement, or installation Perform hand soldering and rework of all thru-hole, SMT, mixed and mechanical assemblies and custom parts as per Engineering specifications and IPC workmanship standards Final assembly and/or pack and ship as required Participate in training and certification programs to ensure job knowledge and skills set requirements are met and updated regularly Participate in all team level quality improvement initiatives, including Root Cause analysis as required Operate various types of equipment aiding in the assembly process Set-up, operate, calibrate and maintain test station as per procedure Complete test logs and provide feedback related to testing yields Test the functionality of products using various testing tools, document and provide feedback to team members to prevent future discrepancies Utilize test equipment such as multimeters, among others including PC based programming Color identification is a requirement of this role A team player with good communication skills (ability to work with customers), and a positive attitude. Previous experience working in the following is an asset (but not limited to): SMT/TH or Mix Tech assembly (hand soldering, inspection, rework, mechanical assembly skills) Worked in Electronics or Manufacturing companies Soldering TH and SMT components Comprehension of assembly documentation Rework mechanical/electrical assemblies (replacing components) Lift up to 20 lbs. Set-up, maintenance, and calibration of test stations. Computer literacy (Excel, Word, Test Software). 
ScrapedJobID1099:
Bonuses Insurance coverage as of Day One Paid vacation and personal days RRSP matching Personal Spending Account (PSA) A modern Continuous Performance Process approach Dynamic and engaged culture Open-concept workspace with spectacular views of the city! Liaise with various internal departments regarding the integration, configuration, and troubleshooting of our proprietary software applications. Create, build, automate and improve the monitoring process and procedures Ensure a high level of availability of our various systems and applications to keep up with our SLAs and OLAs. Secure application systems and perform required daily controls. Execute application systems performance management and monitoring functions. Ensure proper operation of the different environments currently supported and conduct regular tests on them. Work with the team to ensure code delivery processes are followed and respected. Troubleshoot and provide level 3 technical support Ensure all production and non-production issues are tracked and perform the necessary follow-ups and/or escalations with the required internal or external departments. Help provide detailed root cause analysis of issues when they occur and help provide workarounds and solutions. Eliminate recurring technical issues by providing and implementing solid solutions in collaboration with cross-functional teams across multiple sites such as Network Operations, Quality Assurance and Development. University degree in Computer Science, Programming, or equivalent education or experience. Between 5 to 10 years of experience. Good working knowledge of UNIX or Linux and UNIX/Linux shell scripting Networking knowledge Experience in data analysis (SQL) Working knowledge of Perl and Java Knowledge of monitoring tools such as SolarWinds and New Relic Understanding of Jira and Service Now ticketing systems Knowledge of Splunk Knowledge of WebLogic 11 and up, Sun Solaris, RHEL, VM Ware ESX 5, Oracle database, F5 load balancer and global traffic manager (Akamai). Experience in a banking, financial services or credit card processing environment You are familiar and comfortable working in a production environment and are committed to producing high-quality work according to an unpredictable schedule. You are responsible and a solid team player who can work independently and have strong synthesizing and analytical skills. You can multitask and work in a fast-paced environment, often on projects with tight timelines and different/shifting priorities. Good communication skills (spoken and written). Availability for possible after-hours support of the team. Outstanding troubleshooting skills, customer-oriented attitude, detail oriented and organized. 
ScrapedJobID1100:
Project Summary: Channel Optimization - trying to put efficiencies in place for payroll department Provide highly specialized technical leadership in the analysis, design, development, configuration and support of cost effective, online HR management and decision support systems Formulates and defines systems scope and objectives based on both user needs and a good understanding of applicable HR business systems, industry requirements and regulatory requirements (i.e., AML, OSFI, CSOX, PII, etc.) The incumbent is responsible for the resolution of complex business problems and must work under tight deadlines, conflicting priorities and changing project requirements This includes managing multiple small projects, participating in and/or managing specific sections of large projects, and providing ongoing support to all assigned units worldwide (utilising Agile methodologies where applicable) Devises or modifies procedures to solve complex business problems. Includes analyzing business and user needs, documenting requirements and translating them into systems requirement specifications Independently resolve complex, multi-faceted problems to meet the business needs, by applying their HR and technological knowledge to the design of methodologies, models, and/or systems solutions This may involve rapid prototyping, with requirements and solutions developed on an iterative basis that provides interim deliverables until a final production solution is created This includes conducting research and analysis, accurately and clearly defining user requirements and processes, participating in the reengineering of the HR business process work flows and liaising with the users Manage multiple small HR technology projects and/or manage specific sections of large projects to implement technology solutions to HR business problems This involves planning and scheduling resources, developing detailed project plans, monitoring progress against planned objectives and securing consensus and co-operation from users and senior management Ensure each project delivers quality products/functions in a timely manner which meets HR business requirements and provides an enhanced employee experience Participate in the systems implementation process by interpreting business requirements into technical specifications, systems analysis, documenting detailed reporting requirements, configuration of HR vendor software, ensuring integration with existing related HR systems, developing test strategies and test cases, performing testing, defining user procedures and workflows, developing conversion and implementation strategies, verifying conversion, providing user documentation, providing user training, and providing post-implementation support Participate in the review of Quality Assurance (QA) test strategies for assigned projects/initiatives to ensure the planned testing is comprehensive and consistent with the business requirements. Support QA testing by analyzing defects to: provide clarification of business requirements provide clarification of technical specifications define which defects need to be resolved for implementation negotiate the severity classification of defects with the user Continually acquire and enhance knowledge of Human Resources Information Systems including Payroll, Compensation and Time and Attendance business strategies and policies, industry best practices and methodologies, regulatory requirements, internal bank processes, and rapidly changing technology to be able to provide effective business solutions and services to the end user business lines 10+ years of prior technical work experience with SAP Payroll and / or ECP Payroll 5+ years of hands-on experience with Boomi or some other HRIS and Payroll integration platform 5-7 years of experience by providing technical business analysis is required Ability to identify and escalate issues to senior management or a project steering committee, as appropriate - candidate needs to be comfortable speaking with and presenting findings to senior leaders in non-technical terms Prior configuration, implementation and enhancement experience using SAP Payroll or ECP Payroll System Expert level/advanced level experience in Excel (formulas, commands, VLOOKUPS, Pivot tables) Excellent Verbal and Written Communication skills - fluently in English Well developed verbal communication skills, with the ability to communicate and articulate the underlying message effectively with different audiences, e.g., branch staff, senior management in Information Technology Solutions, internal business clients, and external vendors Detail oriented, methodical and has ability to translate business ideas into automated solutions The incumbent will be expected to demonstrate effective leadership skills, including the ability to assume end-to-end ownership of a project and responsibility for the related project deliverables Ability to work effectively as a team member in cross-functional project teams. Ability to work independently under the general guidance of the Senior Manager, Payroll Technology Strong business writing skills, including the ability to select the most appropriate method of communication and clearly and concisely prepare a variety of business communications, e.g., Business Requirements Documents, Functional Specifications, and project implementation / strategy documents Prior FI or Banking experience would be an asset Spanish Speaking would be an asset Proficient in PowerPoint to put together decks for leaderships 
ScrapedJobID1101:
10 hour shift 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) civil, geotechnical or mining: 10 years (preferred) earthwork and surface utilities: 10 years (preferred) GMSA Certification (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1102:

ScrapedJobID1103:
The Program Manager will support the planning and implementation of an ongoing project Key areas of focus for the Program Manager include planning and coordinating engagements with key stakeholders/partners, tracking and managing projects towards defined milestones; and supporting research, planning, and development of project deliverables. Develop, maintain and monitor project plans, project schedules, budgets and expenditures across the various project workstreams Organize, attend and participate in project meetings leveraging experience working on technology & business projects Ensure documentation of business & technical requirements, action items and decisions in project meetings Follow up on actions items and decisions from meetings Prepare and distribute minutes to all project team members Prepare status reports and materials for meetings Planning - Planning the project, Planning the meetings Leading - Leading meetings, Leading project initiatives Encouraging and inspiring - Recognizing successes, Rewarding hard work Communicating - Reporting on project progress and status: Communicating with team leaders and stakeholders Executing – Understanding project life cycle; understanding of the project management process, allocating resource, Keep the project within the budget Team building - Hold regular team status meetings Encourage team bonding that encourage individual teams to work together towards a productive solution regarding the project, focusing on areas like better turnaround times, better communication, etc.). Monitoring - Monitor the progress that’s being made; Address roadblocks /risks Presenting - Hold retrospective meetings, Hold regular stakeholder meetings Managing time- Develop reasonable task schedules with contingencies Revisit your project schedule regularly Documenting - Creating proper project documentation, Proper documentation organization Experience building and maintaining project plans for business & technology projects (e.g., systems implementation) Experience gathering and documenting business & technical requirements Knowledge of software development methodologies (e.g., agile, waterfall) Leadership skills Effective communication Planning and strategic thinking Team management Time management and scheduling Task management skills Risk mitigation Expert negotiation skills 
ScrapedJobID1104:

ScrapedJobID1105:

ScrapedJobID1106:
Providing direct support with the integration of new equipment and technology introduced in the plant related to the production and packaging processes Performing advanced electronic work, such as circuit board diagnostics and repair, creating circuits, repair circuits, deciphering circuit and ladder diagrams, understanding and manipulating PLC, creating and maintaining manufacturing solutions, diagnosing internal network problems, diagnosing machines and technology with network elements. Diagnosing equipment issues rooted in electronics failure (failed sensor, faulty cables, short on board, misaligned motor, misfiring actuator, slipping servo, etc.) Helping to improve diagnostic and repair time by implementing continuous improvement solutions Developing and implementing new customized electronic and mechanical solutions to solve manufacturing problems Integrating new assigned machines into the production floor by planning their arrival, coordinating with the manufacturer, following up with support departments, electrical work, the pre-start work, the actual implementation, and post implementation services Studying and learning equipment vendors electronics system and training other technicians and operators on them. Creating customized electronic solutions and working with software developers to make a manufacturing 4.0 solution for data collection and automation in the production lines Implementing and maintaining an inventory management system Implementing and maintaining a technology backup (BCP) process to ensure business continuity Developing the Repair Training program for equipment repair using your experience with the equipment Creating and maintaining VB programming, as well as MS Access Database of Downtime Data Integrating assigned machines into the production floor by planning their arrival, coordinating with the manufacturer, following up with support departments, electrical work, the pre-start work, the actual implementation, and post implementation services Analyzing downtime data, making graphs using Excel, and presenting downtime and assessment for reasons of downtime to support continuous improvement initiatives Maintaining manufacturing machinery systems in proper working order to ensure business continuity and minimize production downtime Providing daily reports, weekly, monthly KPI (key performance indices) reports Maintaining a log of all work done during the shift that relates to machines and items related to ongoing developments or projects Maintaining the inventory system that serves as the foundation for parts usage tracking, machines parts usage tracking, parts reordering process, and parts reception process Communicating technical information and concepts to different audiences in a variety of formats, internally and externally Attending weekly Engineering team meetings and updating the team on assigned projects, tasks, and ongoing problems, utilizing the forum to discuss road blocks and improving overall manufacturing performance Focusing on quality and working towards a goal of being World Class by continuously practicing Six Sigma-Lean manufacturing approach to monitoring, controlling and improving the department’s key performance indicators Covering other shifts as needed with short notice to assist with coverage needs Creating purchase requests, following up with Purchasing and Finance to ensure orders are placed and executed, to their final reception and audit. Manage & resolve procurement issues. Leading the Quality Improvement Program in maintenance (Quality focused project work) Leading the Procurement Processes for Maintenance of parts, consumables, and equipment Supporting and working on Facilities work around the plan with Facilities dept. Coordinating projects directly within production floor assigned to you by management Maintaining a clean work environment and practicing the principles of 5S daily Attend trainings abroad for equipment training when required Train others as needed and informally supervise more junior technicians At least 4 years’ working in IT Electronics Engineering At least 4 years’ experience working in any capacity of electro-mechanical automation, or Internet of Things, or programming basic code to control, read, manipulate electro-mechanical devices/computer systems, or hardware integration experience integrating electro-mechanical devices/computer systems At least 2 years’ experience working with mechanical and electrical tools to troubleshoot and do basic repairs of equipment. Be able to demonstrate a history of positive attitude Prior Experience working as either one of manufacturing technician/engineer, aircraft mechanic, hands-on repairman, IT specialist, Automation Expert, mechanical technician, electrician, etc. Experience with taking backups of computer systems, restoring computers Must have experience with troubleshooting electrical and basic mechanical issues (beginner level) Knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite, Outlook emailing, Calendar, Word, PowerPoint, and Excel. Experience with reading and deciphering technical documentation, parts diagrams, etc. Knowledge of task management and ability to prioritize your work. Professional attitude, able to work well in a fast-paced environment, self-motivated, a quick-learner, with ability to receive direction and feedback positively Excellent Team player with proven ability to accomplish goals through collaboration Ability to operate effectively and autonomously across multiple teams in situations of ambiguity leveraging problem solving skills and a willingness to learn with only high-level direction Organized with strong attention to detail, time management skills and a problem-solver Ability to learn to understand the mechanical flow of material through equipment to understand the overall workings of the equipment. Ability to work with team mates for a collected approach on complex evolving problems Bachelor’s degree or post-secondary Diploma with either a Mechanical or Electrical or IT or Engineering focus 4 or more years of experience in electro-mechanical equipment in a manufacturing environment Possess an understanding of the philosophy and application of Total Preventive Maintenance Prior experience working with other departments (Quality Assurance, New Product Introduction NPI, IT, and Logistics) to administer quality validations, ensure NPI processes followed, fulfill communication with logistics for shipping and receiving of engineering products. Experience repairing mailing and packaging equipment (Bell & Howell or Pitney Bowes) Experience or training with embossing machinery (Datacard/Matica equipment) Knowledge of industrial and safety regulations related to machinery such as OHSA regulations and electrical, building and fire codes Experience with inventory management and control Prior experience communicating pertinent and technical information to external customers and other stakeholders on a regular basis Prior experience managing complex projects involving multiple stakeholders/ technologies and requirements autonomously Experience working in Card Personalization Center and it’s regulatory requirements Experience with Kaizen, Lean Manufacturing, Six Sigma continuous improvement processes like DMAIC Experience capturing and reporting on Key Performance Indices related to Maintenance Experience using Oracle or Other Inventory Management ERP system for order placing and inventory control Experience coordinating work and project actions with vendors to their completion through follow-ups Knowledge being able to read and review PLC, circuit logic, electrical repairs and assessments Experience with mechanical repairs, machine shop tools, key mechanical concepts and pneumatic systems A+ Certification or N+ Certification is an asset 
ScrapedJobID1107:
Overtime pay Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Accounting: 1 year (required) Chartered Professional Accountant designation (required) No 
ScrapedJobID1108:
Contribute to quality control by reviewing analytical procedures, procedure forms, or other related documentation to assigned studies. Follow and ensure the application of GLP, SOPs, special procedures and health and safety rules on their assigned studies. Perform and review tabulation of results and participate in writing the study report. Collaborate with the Scientist to compile and assemble study deliverables in an audit ready state for submission to the Quality Assurance department (QA) and answer QA findings. Preparing or revision of the study summary (e.g. MQS, MVS) when required. Perform all other related duties as assigned. DEC in sciences or AEC Laboratory experience An equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered an acceptable substitute for the specific education and experience listed above. Be able to work as part of a team. Have a positive attitude, good interpersonal relationships and professionalism. Adapt to changes. Actively participate in departmental meetings to improve performance and quality. Good understanding of Microsoft Office software and data generating software used in the department relevant to their role. Minimum of 3 weeks’ vacation. Paid sick / personal days. Paid overtime. Shift premiums. Competitive benefits starting from day one (health and dental coverage). Access to a savings and retirement program including an employer contribution. Free, unlimited, and confidential access to health care professionals for you and your family, through telemedicine app. Employee Assistance Programs. Tuition reimbursement program. Employee Activities. Volunteering Program (paid day). Employee referral bonuses. Relocation assistance. Career advancement opportunities and training. A recognition program. Positive Company Values & Culture. Shuttle service from the Sainte-Anne-de Bellevue train station and from John Abbott College to the Senneville site. Free parking. 
ScrapedJobID1109:
Build, implement, orchestrate, and deploy complex integration patterns using the API-led connectivity Interpret requirements to develop MuleSoft services and integrations in continuous integration/continuous deployment using Agile methodology Design, document, develop and deliver APIs based on information architecture, taxonomy analysis, and functional and non-functional requirements Coordinate certain activities performed by systems analysts (developers) during software development, configuration and design Review code to ensure development standards are respected and are compatible with the software, analysis and design, following “best practices” for documentation Collaborate to develop functional specifications in order to understand the business's solutions and complexities Ensure quality and stability of delivered APIs through detailed analysis, design and implementation as well as test cases, and by developing automated tests to validate proper functioning Perfect and ensure the proper execution of unit tests, and repair failures prior to delivering the software to Quality Assurance. Participate in the implementation in various environments (test and development) up to production Adapt to changing technology, learning and applying new methods for achieving the organization’s goals Act as representative of the API team in various initiatives and projects in order to maintain the software's sustained functionality from an infrastructure and configuration perspective. Programming skills using J2EE, JMS, SOAP / REST Web Services, XSLT, CXF Experience with MuleSoft Enterprise Edition on Premise and RTF Understanding of underlying MuleSoft architecture with experience of server administration and physical deployment (On Cloud, On Premise and Hybrid) Experience orchestrating integration use cases involving multiple systems and complex business logic tying in system, process, and experience API layers Experience coding, designing, and developing RESTful APIs Understanding of various protocols such as REST, HTTP, MQ, AMQP, JSON, and SOA Experience in building common services framework for logging, error handling, configuration, authentication and authorization Experience working with PUB/SUB model of messaging and queues (Kafka, ActiveMQ) Knowledge of web and security standards relating to APIs (OAuth, OIDC, SSL, CORS, JWT) Knowledge of RAML and Swagger Experience in Continuous integration and continuous deployment using Maven, Docker, and MuleSoft an asset Experience with project delivery in agile mode (Scrum, Kanban, DAD) Ability to work independently, sense of initiative and good organizational skills Excellent analytical, documentation and problem-solving skills Bilingual (French and English) 
ScrapedJobID1110:

ScrapedJobID1111:
Responsible for the design, development, unit testing, systems testing, release, deployment and maintenance of custom built Java web-applications to meet established client and system requirements Work closely with clients, and cross-functional team members to understand business and technical requirements that drive the analysis and design of technical solutions Provide client support and consultation for development, integration as well as advice in areas of expertise Perform unit-level testing of system components and fix bugs Develop and review supporting technical specifications, design and documentations to ensure completeness Provide code maintenance and support across testing / validation cycles and post-production deployment Participate in user training and demonstrations of the web application products on an as-needed basis Support project estimating / planning processes. Ensure adherence to system development life cycle standards Participate in the evaluation, implementation, and documentation of existing and new web-based business solutions Contribute to the architectural design and development of a modern, strategic web-based application infrastructure Implementation of improved encryption standards for communications to and from secure server applications, optimize web security infrastructure for user authentication and authorization to controlled components Adhere to software development process frameworks and tools (including change control, quality assurance procedures) using leading practices, design patterns, and methodologies Perform database design, modeling, and database maintenance Identify and implement security measures for internet applications infrastructure Perform system validation requirements and procedures for web application M.Sc. in Computer Science, Mathematics or related fields Eight or more years of experience in relevant field Architecting re-usable and extendable web based solutions Understanding and applying J2EE security, Concurrency, Transactions, Session Management, J2EE Patterns, and Frameworks to application solutions Broad experience with various computing platforms (Unix and Windows) Experience with Architecture and Design patterns Experience with component-based development Requirements gathering and analysis Software development frameworks and methodologies, including SDLC, Waterfall, and Agile delivery methods 
ScrapedJobID1112:
Plans, organizes, and evaluates the activities and operations of ERP and associated technology, in collaboration with management. Writes technology and SOPs and work instructions and maintains the master documents in a filing system that ensures retrieval when necessary. Review ERP issues with various departments and assist in determining potential impact based on knowledge of application. Becomes corporate ‘super user’ of ERP system specifically in manufacturing aspect. Provide input on corrective measure to be taken and provide clarification on technology requirements with external clients (i.e., ERP). Track and maintain all records for pricing and costing from an internal auditing perspective with periodic checking including evaluation of process and approval procedures. Provide support functions for systems for all personnel. Responsible for scheduling necessary upgrades, creating/modifying test methods as required and maintaining maintenance schedule for in-house applications. Coordinate and conduct internal Technology audits. Review activities and process outputs. Develops and maintains project plans to support all technology and Administration activities. Working with Manager, populate WIKI with ERP training information to assist with transitioning of and into various roles and (cross) training aspects. Provide support to and be a go to level 1 support specifically for the sales team. Provide ‘help-desk” type for “level 2” escalated issues for the ERP system (level 1 is resolved by the area supervisor/manager or “expert on the floor”; level 3 goes to the ERP contact) Self educate continually on Company manufacturing process including but not limited to needling layouts (layouts for new styles, widths, reviewing changes made by production); Finishing and Fabrication departments. Backup resource for other ERP superusers in various departments. Maintains complete knowledge of and compiles with company and departmental polices, procedures and standards. Maintains client and company confidence by keeping information confidential and secure. Maintains a positive working relationship with team members and management in a team environment. Sets-up and organize individual work area with designated supplies, forms and resource materials while maintaining cleanliness at all times. Moderately travelling between company locations for meetings Moderately travelling to training requirements and customer site visits Manual dexterity speed and hand /eye coordination for work at a computer Supervises work activities in a single function, including scheduling, motivating, monitoring and assigning work. Responsible for all ERP technology, including proper auditing procedures performed on Technology system(s). Completion of a university degree in Computer Science & Programming with an understanding of accounting field. 5+ years of working in Programmer/Analyst and Technology focused role. Extensive experience in working with ERP/MRP/CRM systems. Extensive experience working with programs such as PHP, Java, Visual Basic Studio (C#/ C++), and database management such as SQL/MySQL including XML and XSL technologies. Exposure to Web Development tools, languages, environment, and troubleshooting. Experienced in creation of End User Documentation and Standard Operating Procedure. Experience with Quality Assurance and Software Testing Understanding of general industrial manufacturing environment, processes, and stakeholders. Project Management and coordination is an asset. 
ScrapedJobID1113:
Close interaction with Business Units, Regional Finance Staff and our shared services team ABS Close interaction with other members of the tax team. Able to work as a member of diverse teams including members from different functional areas such as treasury, accounting & finance, legal and various locations and time zones Timely delivery of tax returns and tax provisions with minimal errors detected on review or subsequent audit Maintenance of files with appropriate documentation to support all tax positions, accounting entries, assessments/audit information etc. Understand and contribute towards the tax team’s KPIs such as cash taxes and ETR measurements Must keep up to date with the federal and provincial income tax rules and regulations. Demonstrated understanding of accounting principles Taking initiative in recognizing problems/issues and proposing appropriate resolutions Knowledge and understanding of business operational concepts Experience with online research materials and tax compliance software Strong organization skills and ability to adapt quickly to change Excellent oral and written communications skills as well as presentation skills Knowledge of accounting and tax within the manufacturing and/or construction industry would be an asset Maintain personal and corporate integrity in all actions Awareness of internal controls providing reasonable assurance of effective and efficient operations, including actions to prevent and detect fraud and protect Company resources Undergraduate degree required in accounting, business, commerce or equivalent experience Professional accounting designation required (CA, CMA, CGA or CPA) A minimum of 2-3years of large corporation accounting and tax. Previous work in a similar industry would be an asset CPA in-depth tax course completion or willingness to complete Advanced computer proficiency – significant spreadsheet skills Experience with online tax research tools, materials. Familiarity with different tax software packages including databases and SAP an asset Awareness of the tax legislation and accounting principles Strong organizational skills and ability to adapt quickly to change Excellent oral and written communications skills as well as presentation skills Action Oriented Priority Setting Business Acumen Decision Quality Functional/Technical Skills Interpersonal Savvy Problem Solving Customer Focus Organizing 
ScrapedJobID1114:
Working with talented co-workers Highly competitive compensation Develop software applications based on design specifications in accordance with applicable standards Incrementally design, develop, test, debug, and deploy IT products using modern software delivery tools, frameworks, and deployment methods in all layers (Presentation layer, Business layer and Database layer) Create technical design and specification documents Prepare reports and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software in accordance with applicable standards and procedures Implement APIs and integrate services with existing applications Carry out unit and integration tests and prioritize defects Remediate and resolve software performance issues and defects Collaborate with experienced IT teams and stakeholders Deliver work within established timelines, identify and communicate technical problems and solutions in a timely manner Fix complex data issues, resolve performance problems, and improve query logic Monitor logs and find and resolve errors in the software application using approved tools Create framework to ensure code is sustainable, reusable, robust and scalable Conduct code review of peers to ensure accurate and standardized coding, possible improvements and ensure that business requirements are met Responsible for quality assurance/control of program design and development Post-secondary degree in Computer Science or Technical College/Institute Diploma in a related discipline, or the equivalent combination of education and experience 5+ years of related industry experience as a Java Developer, competent in several programming languages and environments 5+ years with Java and MS SQL Experience working in an Agile environment 
ScrapedJobID1115:
Project Summary: Channel Optimization - trying to put efficiencies in place for payroll department Provide highly specialized technical leadership in the analysis, design, development, configuration and support of cost effective, online HR management and decision support systems Formulates and defines systems scope and objectives based on both user needs and a good understanding of applicable HR business systems, industry requirements and regulatory requirements (i.e., AML, OSFI, CSOX, PII, etc.) The incumbent is responsible for the resolution of complex business problems and must work under tight deadlines, conflicting priorities and changing project requirements This includes managing multiple small projects, participating in and/or managing specific sections of large projects, and providing ongoing support to all assigned units worldwide (utilising Agile methodologies where applicable) Devises or modifies procedures to solve complex business problems. Includes analyzing business and user needs, documenting requirements and translating them into systems requirement specifications Independently resolve complex, multi-faceted problems to meet the business needs, by applying their HR and technological knowledge to the design of methodologies, models, and/or systems solutions This may involve rapid prototyping, with requirements and solutions developed on an iterative basis that provides interim deliverables until a final production solution is created This includes conducting research and analysis, accurately and clearly defining user requirements and processes, participating in the reengineering of the HR business process work flows and liaising with the users Manage multiple small HR technology projects and/or manage specific sections of large projects to implement technology solutions to HR business problems This involves planning and scheduling resources, developing detailed project plans, monitoring progress against planned objectives and securing consensus and co-operation from users and senior management Ensure each project delivers quality products/functions in a timely manner which meets HR business requirements and provides an enhanced employee experience Participate in the systems implementation process by interpreting business requirements into technical specifications, systems analysis, documenting detailed reporting requirements, configuration of HR vendor software, ensuring integration with existing related HR systems, developing test strategies and test cases, performing testing, defining user procedures and workflows, developing conversion and implementation strategies, verifying conversion, providing user documentation, providing user training, and providing post-implementation support Participate in the review of Quality Assurance (QA) test strategies for assigned projects/initiatives to ensure the planned testing is comprehensive and consistent with the business requirements. Support QA testing by analyzing defects to: provide clarification of business requirements provide clarification of technical specifications define which defects need to be resolved for implementation negotiate the severity classification of defects with the user Continually acquire and enhance knowledge of Human Resources Information Systems including Payroll, Compensation and Time and Attendance business strategies and policies, industry best practices and methodologies, regulatory requirements, internal bank processes, and rapidly changing technology to be able to provide effective business solutions and services to the end user business lines 10+ years of prior technical work experience with SAP Payroll and / or ECP Payroll 5+ years of hands-on experience with Boomi or some other HRIS and Payroll integration platform 5-7 years of experience by providing technical business analysis is required Ability to identify and escalate issues to senior management or a project steering committee, as appropriate - candidate needs to be comfortable speaking with and presenting findings to senior leaders in non-technical terms Prior configuration, implementation and enhancement experience using SAP Payroll or ECP Payroll System Expert level/advanced level experience in Excel (formulas, commands, VLOOKUPS, Pivot tables) Excellent Verbal and Written Communication skills - fluently in English Well developed verbal communication skills, with the ability to communicate and articulate the underlying message effectively with different audiences, e.g., branch staff, senior management in Information Technology Solutions, internal business clients, and external vendors Detail oriented, methodical and has ability to translate business ideas into automated solutions The incumbent will be expected to demonstrate effective leadership skills, including the ability to assume end-to-end ownership of a project and responsibility for the related project deliverables Ability to work effectively as a team member in cross-functional project teams. Ability to work independently under the general guidance of the Senior Manager, Payroll Technology Strong business writing skills, including the ability to select the most appropriate method of communication and clearly and concisely prepare a variety of business communications, e.g., Business Requirements Documents, Functional Specifications, and project implementation / strategy documents Prior FI or Banking experience would be an asset Spanish Speaking would be an asset Proficient in PowerPoint to put together decks for leaderships 
ScrapedJobID1116:
Keep up-to-date on Salesforce releases, technologies and best practices. Lead periodic platform health reviews with internal stakeholders and create a platform health roadmap. Lead a team of Salesforce Business Analysts and Administrators to build, test and deploy Salesforce solutions in an Agile sprint-based manner. Monitor, manage and own communications related to outages. Own the end-to-end process working with internal stakeholders and IT teams. Provide technical leadership to support Salesforce Administrators in troubleshooting, identifying root causes, providing implementation suggestions, and identifying repetitive tasks. Participate in data governance initiatives to drive consistent and proper handling of data inside the platform and across the business. Create and maintain documentation on processes, policies, application configuration, user guides and related materials. Collaborate, train, and develop guidelines and standards for team members to ensure knowledge sharing and consistency in best practices. Own the Salesforce support process including developing iterative improvements, to simplify, optimize, and automate processes. Evaluate Salesforce functionality and provide recommendations for process improvements. Consult with internal stakeholders to elicit business requirements, develop technical approaches, document process workflows, and make appropriate recommendations to drive operational efficiencies. Lead, project manage and execute initiatives with a laser focus on driving measurable results. Salesforce Certified Administrator and Advanced Admin strongly preferred. Experience managing reporting and dashboards for multiple cross-functional teams. Demonstrated proficiency in the use of data management tools such as Data Loader. Familiarity with standard business, service, sales, and finance processes. Knowledgeable in standard functions/ modules of Salesforce.com Lightning: Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Field Service Lightning and AppExchange/App cloud application integration. Experience with Docusign and Nintex for document generation through Salesforce workflows. Experience with Atlassian toolset (Jira, Confluence) for management of sprints and scrums. Extensive experience with Salesforce configuration, including workflows, objects, validation rules, security controls and process automation tools like Process Builder and Flow. Experience defining business requirements, writing user stories and providing detailed Salesforce system and functional designs. Expert level experience defining the system architecture landscape, identifying gaps between current and desired end-states and delivering a comprehensive solution that will enable achievement of the desired business outcomes. Experience in designing and developing software components and having a strong background in database design and system architecture. Experience integrating Salesforce with different business systems, as well as working with integration tools (ETL, marketing automation, reporting, etc.). Understanding of programming logic and constructs, specifically in Salesforce, Force.com, SOQL, triggers and their use in software development. 3+ year experience in Salesforce configuration and implementing CRM systems. Strong knowledge of CRM software quality assurance best practices and methodologies. Dynamic, flexible, focused, and enthusiastic approach, as well as the ability to work under pressure. Must possess a “can-do” attitude, be self-motivated, pro-active, and used to using your initiative. Proven troubleshooting skills including the ability to analyze and resolve difficult problems quickly with a keen attention to detail in a rapidly changing environment. Strong work ethic with a customer service focus. Proven ability to build, manage and foster a team-oriented environment with excellent leadership and management skills. Strong communication skills (written and oral) to collaborate with internal cross-functional teams. Strategic thinking with sales and service intelligence, a strong presence, and the ability to create, influence and drive customer vision. Demonstrated ability to translate business requirements into technology-based solutions. Must be a team player, who is self-motivated, organized and pays strict attention to details. Proven ability to manage projects, lead discovery and build cycles, and work in a collaborative team environment. 
ScrapedJobID1117:
Providing direct support with the integration of new equipment and technology introduced in the plant related to the production and packaging processes Maintaining manufacturing machinery systems in proper working order to ensure business continuity and minimize production downtime Providing daily reports to the Production Manager and Shift Supervisors, as well as the Maintenance team Maintaining a log of all work done during the shift that relates to machines and items related to ongoing developments or projects Maintaining the inventory system that serves as the foundation for parts usage tracking, machines parts usage tracking, parts reordering process, and parts reception process Attending weekly Maintenance team meetings and updating the team on assigned projects, tasks, and ongoing problems, utilizing the forum to discuss road blocks and improving overall department performance Focusing on quality and working towards a goal of being World Class by continuously practicing Six Sigma-Lean manufacturing approach to monitoring, controlling and improving the department’s key performance indicators Working with other departments to enhance quality by participating in continuous improvement projects, finding new ways to reduce scrap and save costs Analyzing downtime data, making graphs using Excel, and presenting downtime and assessment for reasons of downtime to support continuous improvement initiatives Covering other shifts as needed with short notice to assist with coverage needs Creating purchase requests, following up with Purchasing and Finance to ensure orders are placed and executed, to their final reception and audit Developing the Repair Training program for equipment repair using your experience with the equipment Performing IT tasks, such as network troubleshooting, patching software, backing up machine systems, etc. Regularly communicate technical information and updates to external customers and other stakeholders, internally and externally Maintaining a clean work environment and practicing the principles of 5S daily Working on integrating the machines assigned to you into the production floor by planning their arrival, coordinating with the manufacturer, following up with support departments, electrical work, the pre-start work, the actual implementation, and post implementation services Informal supervision and coaching of junior technicians Prior experience as a lead or experience supervising members of a team of technical employees in support of a common function At least 4 years of experience in working with repairing electro-mechanical equipment in a manufacturing environment At least 4 year experience working with mechanical and electrical tools to troubleshoot and do advanced repairs of equipment. Prior experience working as either one of manufacturing technician, hands-on repairman, IT specialist, Automation Expert, mechanical technician, electrician, etc. Prior experience communicating technical information and concepts to different audiences in a variety of formats Experience with reading and deciphering technical documentation, parts diagrams, etc. Excellent team player with proven examples of achievements through collaboration; this is a crucial part of this role Solid understanding of basic IT Networking, taking backups of machines, restoring computers, Bachelor’s degree or post-secondary Diploma with Mechanical or Electrical focus or equivalent Proven ability to self-teach on equipment you are not formally trained on by accessing printed documentation (service manuals) Experience with mechanical repairs, machine shop tools, key mechanical concepts and pneumatic systems Must possess an understanding of the philosophy and application of Total Preventive Maintenance Knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite, Outlook emailing, Calendar, Word, Powerpoint, and Excel. Knowledge of task management and ability to prioritize your work. Professional attitude, able to work well in a fast-paced environment, self-motivated, a quick-learner, with ability to receive direction and feedback positively Ability to operate effectively and autonomously across multiple teams in situations of ambiguity leveraging problem solving skills and a willingness to learn with only high-level direction Experience with inventory management and control Team-player with professional attitude, able to work well in a fast-paced environment, self-motivated, a quick-learner, with ability to receive direction and feedback positively Organized with strong attention to detail, time management skills and a problem-solver Working with other departments (Quality Assurance, New Product Introduction NPI, IT, and Logistics) to administer quality validations, ensure NPI processes followed, fulfill communication with logistics for shipping and receiving of engineering products. Proven and demonstrated ability to develop strong and positive interpersonal connections with your colleagues, with other teams, and your superiors is critical to this role. Knowledge of industrial and safety regulations related to machinery such as OHSA regulations and electrical, building and fire codes Formal education or training with embossing machinery (Datacard/Matica equipment) Formal education or training with mailing and packaging equipment (Bell & Howell or Pitney Bowes) Experience working in Card Personalization Center and it’s regulatory requirements Experience capturing and reporting on Key Performance Indices related to Maintenance Experience using Oracle or Other Inventory Management ERP system for order placing and inventory control Experience coordinating work and project actions with vendors to their completion through follow-ups Knowledge being able to read and review PLC, circuit logic, electrical repairs and assessments Prior experience working with other departments (Quality Assurance, New Product Introduction NPI, IT, and Logistics) to administer quality validations, ensure NPI processes followed, fulfill communication with logistics for shipping and receiving of engineering products. Demonstrated experience in floor equipment layout manipulation and implementation of new equipment Knowledge of industrial and safety regulations related to machinery such as OHSA regulations and electrical, building and fire codes Demonstrated ability to take complex business process challenges and lead a team to evolve to a future state so the process becomes an highly effective and efficient business process Prior experience communicating pertinent and technical information to external customers and other stakeholders on a regular basis Demonstrate experience in floor equipment layout manipulation and implementation of new equipment 
ScrapedJobID1118:
Broad knowledge of legislation and government policies and procedures that relate to the client Demonstrated ability to coach clinical team when clients are ‘stuck’ towards positive health outcomes Demonstrated ability to utilize health outcome data points to improve health outcomes in a targeted way. Demonstrated ability in substance use and psychosocial assessments, counselling, case coordination. Demonstrated ability in case formulation and treatment planning Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, with clients and their families, colleagues, physicians, and other health care staff, both one-on-one and in groups Demonstrated ability to work with marginalized people struggling with severe illnesses and substance use and to establish rapport with multi-barrier clients Demonstrated ability to provide leadership, clinical supervision, work direction and guidance Demonstrated ability to consult, facilitate, teach, demonstrate, and coach clients, co-workers, and students Demonstrated ability to independently plan, organize and prioritize workload, adapt to a changing caseload, and be open to all types of treatment approaches. Demonstrated ability to adjust to unexpected events, analyze and problem-solve, set priorities, deal with conflict, and respond to crisis. Ability to operate related equipment Physical ability to perform the duties of the position Basic computer literacy including the ability to operate a computerized client care information system and word processing, spreadsheet, Internet, and e-mail software Extended health care Monday to Friday working with addictions an concurrent disorders: 5 years (preferred) supervisory: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1119:
Understand statements of work and translate into a project plan Manage project administration, including work back schedules, project plans, project status reports (internal and/or external) and contact reports Manage the development team's deliverables Communicate changes in scope throughout project lifespan to stakeholders in a timely fashion Update project management tools for task management, scheduling and status reports Provide clear instructions and feedback to internal teams (design, development, etc.) and communicate with the team and ensure all members are on board with delegated tasks Collaborate with client services to budget and scope current and new projects of varying size and scope Monitor scope and communicate changes to internal Directors to ensure projects stay on track financially Create test plans and ensure quality assurance (QA) procedures are implemented; engaging in and/or managing alpha/beta testing for digital projects Highlight potential risks or malfunctions and act proactively to resolve issues Seek opportunities for improvement and suggest new projects to Director, Project Management Post Secondary Degree or Certificate in Business Administration or related field PMP Certification or CAPM Certification (An Asset) Must have 2-5 years of experience in Digital Marketing, Social Media, CRM, Branding, Content Marketing 3+ years of experience managing projects in a Digital Marketing capacity (Required) Must have prior experience working with developers Must have strong verbal and written communication skills Must have strong time management, organizational and analytical skills Ability to work in a multi-functional team environment with rapidly changing priorities Familiarity with project management tools such as ClickUp and Harvest (An asset) Prior experience working with a project management tool to build projects and assigning tasks Intermediate knowledge of MS Excel and Powerpoint, Google Suite, etc. Must be familiar with Zoom, Google Meets and/or other conference meeting tools Understanding of marketing automation software such as: Mailchimp, Hubspot or similar Keen attention to detail on all project deliverables reducing errors and redundancies Currently working remotely Work From Home office upgrade subsidy* Future opportunities to build working remotely into the employment norms Flexible Sick day policy Elite Sponsored Time off for the Holidays Family First Philosophy Free gourmet coffee and snacks in office* Monthly catered lunches when in office* Casual Dress Code* Flexible working hours Training & Development Budget
Regular Lunch & Learns Regular Lunch & Learns Company social events* Company sports teams* Opportunity to attend conferences and events* Corporate Fitness Memberships Rate* Professional Growth opportunities Virtual Yoga Virtual Company social and culture building events such as:
House Cup Competitions and Virtual Team Building events

Elite Fun Virtual Trivia Challenges
Theme Days
Elite Social/Birthday Celebrations
Virtual Fitness-Wellness challenges House Cup Competitions and Virtual Team Building events Elite Fun Virtual Trivia Challenges Theme Days Elite Social/Birthday Celebrations Virtual Fitness-Wellness challenges 
ScrapedJobID1120:
Develop, direct, and evolve Equitable’s continuous delivery capabilities and principles. Work with and mentor development and QA teams to enable principles, techniques, and solutions in the areas of CI/CD across multiple technology domains, etc. Actively participate in projects as a CI/CD SME to enable continuous delivery while mentoring other team members with a goal to enable teams to become self sufficient and more productive. Actively participate in cross team planning discussions to enable continuous delivery processes to continuously improve. Analyze how systems are being built, tested, and deployed to identify opportunities to reduce time and effort of those processes. Partner with solution delivery teams to maintain, support, and extend our existing in-house CI/CD frameworks. Mentor software development teams in design principles. Recommend systems designs or design changes using design principles to promote the creation of testable, loosely coupled systems and system components. Collaborate with software development leaders, Project Managers, Product Managers, and others to ensure smooth integration of continuous deployment solutions into various projects and SDLC methodologies. Meets regularly with IT leadership to provide metrics on Equitable Life’s capabilities in continuous delivery, CI\CD, and security of our existing applications. Stay up to date on the latest tools, technologies, trends and approaches within the quality and development spaces and incorporating changes that make sense into Equitable’s practices. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent qualifications in Software Engineering or Computer Science. 5+ years of hands-on experience in C#, Java and/or other object-oriented programming languages. 5+ years of hands-on experience in software development and design. 3+ years of hands-on experience in front-end technologies. 2+ years of hands-on experience in CI/CD pipelines. Experience orchestrating process changes with no direct authority. Strong understanding of architectural and OO design principles and patterns. Experience writing and evangelizing practice principles and best practices. Ability to present technical details to a non-technical audience. The ability to learn quickly and progress rapidly from theoretical exercises to real world delivery. Excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to produce clear, concise documentation. An aptitude for problem solving, with the ability to take a logical route to the source of an error. Self-motivated with the ability to learn quickly and independently and work within a team environment. 
ScrapedJobID1121:
Respond to all front-line initial customer inquiries and issues and try to ensure a first response resolution Escalate customer issues that require more in-depth assistance to the appropriate internal party and execute timely follow-ups Provide immediate support for emergencies Participate in regular training on products and services, customer service, corporate and operations policies, as well as company initiatives to remain knowledgeable on all AlarmForce products and services to effectively support new and existing customers Concisely record all issues and resolutions into client relationship software (SBN) Perform to meet and exceed all monthly performance metrics (Quality, Dependability, and Productivity) Engage in monthly performance review/coaching sessions with Customer Care Supervisor High School Diploma with equivalent work experience Post-Secondary Education, preferred Experience in a customer service environment, a valuable asset Knowledge of telephony features, communications management systems and automatic dialers, an asset Experience in quality assurance or customer loyalty in a call center, a valuable asset Excellent communication (both written and verbal) skills Strong probing and problem-solving skills to work with customers to provide best resolution possible Ability to work independently and under close supervision Able to build value added relationships over the phone with customers quickly Solid team player, willing to assist when required Aptitude to multi-task Capable of working in a fast-paced environment Proficient with MS Office Suite (Word, Excel, Outlook, etc.) Must be available to work afternoons, evenings, weekends and statutory holidays 
ScrapedJobID1122:
Perform diagnostics, service repairs and maintenance work on customer and Meditech equipment. Provide support to customers as well as the service manager to meet company objectives. Provide technical support to BIOFLEX system users. Responsible for testing, troubleshooting and repairing failed products as required. Verify that all testing activities and procedures are executed in a timely and conscientious manner. Answer questions and resolve system problems for customers in person and via telephone/email. Provide assistance concerning the use of system including software installation and networking. Prepare reports regarding repairs of Meditech products for quality assurance purposes. Follow Meditech's ISO 13485:2016 Quality System and procedures to perform all related tasks. Help production team in assembling products as required. Other duties as assigned by the Director of Engineering. A minimum of 3 to 5 years of technical experience in electronic technologies is preferred; Ability to read the electronics schematics. Excellent electronic circuit board troubleshooting skills. Excellent soldering and reworking skills. Excellent knowledge in identifying electronic components and other product materials. Proficient in PC-based computer software such as MS Office applications and spreadsheets. Proficient in electronic assembly, including, but not limited to, placing components, soldering, cutting, gluing and other manually dexterous activities and ESD handling techniques. Skilled in the use of Test equipment, including, but not limited to, oscilloscopes, multimeters, photometers, etc. Experience in identifying SMT components and markings (using magnifying aids if required). Working knowledge of QT9 and Salesforce is considered an asset. Superior organizational abilities. Excellent interpersonal skills (with both clients and internal customers). Effective written and oral communications skills. Exceptional analytical, troubleshooting and time management skills. Ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment. On-site parking 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID1123:
Read and interpret drawings and blueprints to estimate manufacturing time and source specification compliant material. Source qualified vendors for outsourced processes e.g., plating. Obtain valid quotes for all external costs e.g., material, outsourced processes, freight. Confirm internal and external production lead times. Prepare estimated delivery schedules, in conjunction with production planning. Generate quotes within the ERP system (Microsoft Dynamics), including creating unique part numbers, and scanning and attaching all relevant information to the quote record. Maintain details of and follow customer specific quoting requirements. Be familiar with and follow RSW Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) and processes for the department. Identify opportunities for improvement. Other tasks deemed necessary in meeting our customers’ needs. Completion of post secondary education with a diploma or degree related to Estimating, Engineering, Construction Management, or Quantity surveying. 2 to 3 years mechanical experience in both piping and maintenance operations, production, scheduling and/or procurement. Experience in Structural Fabrication & Pipe Fabrication estimating would be an asset. Journeyman Welding Ticket is considered an asset. Skilled at interpreting production order information, including part descriptions, material grade, documents, and drawings. Experience in working with carbon, stainless steel as well as nickel-based alloys. Competent in using Microsoft Office Suite, Adobe, computer software related to business operations (ERP) and CRM systems. Working knowledge of Microsoft Business Central is required or training will be provided. General knowledge of products and services in relation to the oil and gas industry. Strong knowledge of safe work practices, Quality Assurance requirements, and Continuous Improvement (Lean Manufacturing) principles and the ability to impart that knowledge to others. 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID1124:
Monday to Friday quality assurance: 5 years (preferred) Google Cloud Platform: 3 years (preferred) Test automation: 5 years (preferred) Python: 4 years (preferred) Selenium: 5 years (preferred) Java: 4 years (preferred) Cucumber: 2 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1125:
Agir en tant que coordonnateur principal des activités entre le promoteur de l'étude, les sites cliniques, les autres fournisseurs de services et l'équipe interne de Biospective Participer à la mise en place des études cliniques avec les collaborateurs internes et externes Superviser la conduite des études cliniques de l'initiation des sites jusqu'à la fin de l'étude Produire et réviser les documents d'études Assurer la qualité globale et la conformité réglementaire des études B.Sc. en sciences de la vie ou science de la santé avec 2 ans d'expérience significative en gestion de projet. Bonnes compétences en communication Excellentes capacités d'organisation et souci du détail Compétences avec la Suite Microsoft office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Abilité à travailler de manière indépendante sans supervision immédiate mais également en équipe Facilité d'apprentissage Démontrer de la flexibilité pour répondre aux changements de priorités et aux multiples tâches Excellente maitrise de l'Anglais, écrit et parlé Expérience du système d'exploitation Linux Connaissance de l'anatomie du cerveau Expérience de travail avec des données d'imagerie Expérience en sélection, initiation et suivi de sites cliniques Connaissance de base de la règlementation entourant la recherche clinique, incluant les BPCs Faire preuve d'initiative et être proactif pour la résolution de problèmes Act as liaison between the sponsor, research sites, third party vendors and Internal Team Coordinate setup activities for new clinical studies with internal and external stakeholders Oversee the conduct of clinical studies from site initiation to study close out Produce and review study-related documentation Ensure overall studies quality and regulatory compliance Bachelor’s degree in a relevant life sciences or health care discipline with 2 years of experience in project management Good communication skills Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail Good knowledge of computer Microsoft Office software (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Able to work independently, without immediate supervision, and as part of a team Ability to learn new skills quickly Demonstrated flexibility to deal with changing priorities and multiple tasks Knowledge of the Linux operating system Knowledge of brain anatomy Experience working with imaging data Site selection, initiation and monitoring Basic knowledge of regulatory environment in Clinical Research, including GCPs Solution-oriented with proactive approach to issues Working knowledge of French, spoken and written Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Programmes de Bien-être REER Collectif Stationnement sur place Du Lundi au Vendredi Baccalauréat (Obligatoire) Gestion de projet: 2 ans (Souhaité) Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1126:
Participate in the design and build of test equipment. Develop work instructions for production and testing processes. Train Production Associates how to follow work instructions and use testing equipment. Establish record keeping processes for testing. Conduct testing for production equipment and industrial systems. Establish and perform receiving inspections and Quality Assurance checks. General maintenance of production tools. Troubleshooting various production equipment and electronic builds. Additional duties as required. Postgraduate education in a related field preferred. Minimum of 2 years’ technician experience in a production environment. Experience safely using basic electrical instruments including multimeters. Excellent soldering skills. Knowledge of product test methods. Ability to safely use hand tools and measurement instruments. General mechanical/electrical aptitude. Computer proficiency including Microsoft Office Suite. Proficiency with CAD software is an asset. Must be a strong team player with excellent written and verbal communication skills. Experience reading/understanding Basic Schematics and PCB layouts preferred. Ability to generate and manage engineering documentation is an asset. Full time. Time spent in engineering lab, office, and production environment. Mixture of sitting, standing, bending, and lifting required. Overtime as required. Casual dress Dental care Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Day shift Monday to Friday Guelph, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) Secondary School (required) technician: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1127:
Analyze blueprints and other documentation to prepare time, cost, materials, and labor estimates. Establish and maintain tendering process, and conduct negotiations. Creates and executes project work plans and revises as appropriate to meet changing schedules and requirements. Conduct Site visits and record information about access, take project pertinent dimensions, and survey existing topography including availability of services such and electricity/parking/access. Identifies resources needed and assigns individual responsibilities. Confer with engineers, architects, owners, contractors and subcontractors on changes and adjustments to cost estimates. Manages project budget. Determines appropriate revenue recognition, ensures timely and accurate invoicing, and monitors receivables for project. Manages day-to-day operational aspects of a project and scope. Prepare cost and expenditure statements and other necessary documentation at regular intervals for the duration of the project. Reviews deliverables prepared by team before passing to client or customer. Prepares for engagement reviews and quality assurance procedures. Minimizes our exposure and risk on project. Ensures project documents are complete, current, and filed appropriately. Follows up with clients, when necessary, regarding unpaid invoices. Analyzes project profitability at completion. Mathematics* -- Knowledge of arithmetic, algebra, geometry, calculus, statistics, and their applications.* Computer Skills – * Necessary : * Microsoft Outlook/Excel/Word/PDF * Windows Explorer and add-ons * Internet Explorer and add-ons * Printers and Faxes * Auto-CAD 2006 & up * Not necessary but considered an asset: * Valid P.Eng. Licence (Strong Asset) * X-Steel/Tekla Software * Administration and Management -- Knowledge of business and management principles involved in strategic planning, resource allocation, leadership techniques, production methods, and coordination of people and resources. * English Language Proficiency -- Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar. Understanding and writing sentences and paragraphs in work related documents, project specification books & blueprints. * Production and Processing -- Knowledge of raw materials, production processes, corresponding sections and properties, quality control, costs, and other techniques for maximizing the effective manufacture and distribution of goods. * Clerical -- Knowledge of administrative and clerical procedures and systems such as word processing, managing files and records, designing forms, and other office tools and terminology. Clear communication skill both written & verbal. French fluency is an asset. * Active Listening -- Giving full attention to what other people are saying, taking time to understand the points being made, asking questions as appropriate, and not interrupting at inappropriate times. * Time Management -- Managing one's own time and the time of others. * Management of Personnel Resources -- Motivating, developing, and directing people as they work, identifying the best people for the job. * Communicating with Persons Outside Organization -- Communicating with people outside the organization, representing the organization to customers, the public, government, and other external sources. This information can be exchanged in person, in writing, or by telephone or e-mail. * Making Decisions and Solving Problems -- Analyzing information and evaluating results to choose the best solution and solve problems. * Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others -- Handling complaints, settling disputes, and resolving grievances and conflicts, or otherwise negotiating with others. * Welding Knowledge -- Some welding knowledge, whether in steel, aluminum, or stainless steel will be considered a strong asset. Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking 8 hour shift Monday to Friday project management: 3 years (required) No 
ScrapedJobID1128:
Developing deep knowledge and understanding of platforms within remit to support the change agenda and long-term strategy Providing technical design insight and support to software engineers, technical designers, infrastructure teams and others to support change and run activities on the platform Providing technical leadership of teams of engineers and developers Scope, manage & implement run activity in accordance with the agreed platform strategy for aligned customer areas. Perform value adding governance, design & quality assurance to ensure customer outcome is delivered to the highest standard, whilst ensuring delivery is achieved within agreed budget and timescales for top efficiency Contribute to definition of standards within the Platform, based upon industry standard methodology and aligned with the organization policies, legislation and regulation Identify, manage and control risks and Issues. Recommend appropriate ways of managing risks identified within proposed solutions. Champion process improvements, embedding new ways of working focus on driving up quality of results and the way we operate within the Platform Consultancy and collaboration in relation to system design, capacity management and maintenance. Ensure that changes to the Platform stays in sync with the company architecture standards, or deviations are agreed with the relevant governance authorities Influence Change practices based on the organization strategy and Industry standard methodology e.g. adoption of Software Engineering practices and tooling Manage technical teams in the effective support, maintenance and improvement (otherwise known as ‘Run’) of a defined set of IT services and their underpinning applications Relationship management of associated partners including business, architecture and IT suppliers Responsible for service availability, incidents, problems, vulnerability removal, technical refreshes, disaster recovery, capacity and demand, performance. Compliance with Business Protection Controls and IT Standards which impact Run. Governance over Run activities delivered in the DC through 3rd parties. In particular, guaranteeing delivery to contractual obligations within agreed costs. Proactively manage the DC estate including threat and vulnerability management, technical refresh, disaster recovery, business continuity, risk management, monitoring of critical processes, capacity planning and service resilience. Guarantee the security of the DC estate through management of access recertification, segregation of duties, data protection and integrity Act as gatekeeper to new deliveries into the Production environment ensuring there are no risks to service or continuity Guarantee asset registers such as CMDB are accurate and maintained Review and allocation of Run costs within the Platform to ensure cost transparency Own technical platforms and their long-term integrity and maintainability. Identify, plan, craft and deliver technical activities to maintain technical platform assets. Plan and coordinate deployment, driving delivery of change to meet business needs and agreed commitments Lead and manage a team of software engineers to support development and talent including supply and demand of permanent and GSP staff. This also includes sharing/placing resources in to feature teams Manage and control resources and suppliers ensuring that supply and capability meets agreed commitments including engagement or engineering initiatives Engage with key partners to actively support and coordinate technical deliveries Develop, create and drive platform strategy through operational innovation, using Platform CoE (eg tools, methods, ways of working, etc) Adapt team ways of working and service delivery model to embrace standards, methods, ways of working as developed / agreed with Platform CoE (S/W development processes, tools, Release Process, Test Services, Deployment methods (eg DevOps), etc) Adhere to agreed standards, ways of working, use of tools, processes, etc Platform Managers will require deep expertise in their particular system domain Identify, own and manage the specific key risks and/or IT controls and BP standards that you are identified as the owner and/or nominee for on iCARE or Archer Ensure that issues and actions associated to controls / risks are remediated in a timely manner - outstanding problem solving skills Maintain appropriate records on iCARE or Archer Ensure that controls are sufficiently well designed and operating effectively to keep the risks that they mitigate within the company's tolerance level Report and call out the status of the relevant risks, controls and standards as the need arises The role has operational accountability for a team including platform specialists, platform designers and software engineers (Perm, GSP and Contractors). This includes direct people management accountability for a team of specialists and indirect task management of resources assigned temporarily to run and change activities Drives delivery through matrix team structures, requiring collaboration and management of both internal and external resources Support the team through delegated tasks including: work scheduling, budget monitoring, coaching, mentoring and problem solving, induction, training, and helping with recruitment, performance appraisal and development processes Leaders are accountable for developing the capability of their team and their people and for driving the culture of the organization Establish team sense of ownership to deliver better customer outcomes from the Platform Strong problem-solving abilities and the ability to work efficiently in a fast-paced environment under pressure. Provision of timely, accurate and succinct updates to senior partners that realistically manage expectations in high pressure situations Accountable for dealing with issues and problems (relating to technical work, people, finance, implementation of change etc) that are not routine. Problem solving may require information gathering, analysis, consideration of options and drawing conclusions on a case-by-case basis e.g. . rapid restoration of services with subsequent root cause analysis and prevention are key outcomes. Guidelines and policy can help but at the heart of the role is the exercise of judgment based on professional training and/or experience, and providing leadership to technical resources to deliver high-quality platform services Ability to give high and detailed level understanding of outcomes wanted for technical deliveries, and recognizing dependencies, across all Platform changes Ability to remove delivery issues Provide strategic solutions for deficiencies in process and operational procedures Working with DevOps teams to ensure appropriate input into backlogs and prioritization of delivery in order to address incidents and root causes Delivery of change and/or Acceptance of change from Feature teams into different release pipelines or delivery timeframes Resource alignment to platform and CIO structure due to demand required for scale of deliveries Changes to strategic direction based on the organization or industry operational and technological advances Accountable for identifying, anticipating and inspiring change to improve performance and efficiencies in their platform Create, build and drive the transformation of the Run and Change Platform function embracing modern software and release engineering practices Develop a culture of world class delivery and technical innovation within the Platform by aligning mind sets Providing input into Portfolio Planning in order to address issues, ensure services are supportable and to continuously improve delivery and cost efficiencies of service Driving improved use of approved and budgeted toolsets to support change and run services provision Seeking opportunity and managing the delivery of improved monitoring and automation to improve service and resilience Application of Agile, Scrum and Kanban techniques to manage work Leaders are accountable for developing the capability of their team and their people and for driving the culture of the organization Build effective relationships within the organization across all IT business and service partners, Release and Assurance management Utilize business contacts to get closer to the customer and understand what our customers really want Being collaborative with peers across Release, Assurance and Change to gather feedback, review, build and develop new process for the best improvements, efficiencies and best working practices Platform teams operating within DevOps models Cloud Operations teams Group IT Operations, particularly MIT CISO Service Managers Business customers Change delivery teams Engage and be collaborative with Global Source Partners to extract high performance and gain value for money Drive value and efficiencies from Run and Change provided by external partners and understand industry standard methodology developments including partners of the organization 5+ years experience with Guidewire Integration and JEE technology Demonstrate in depth experience of the Platform they support with practical experience Outstanding knowledge of various standards and best practices associated with this Platform within comparable Demonstrable experience of managing sophisticated high pressurized situations to a successful conclusion. Outstanding ability to manage complex issues ensuring delegated actions are completed to the appropriate standards. Ability to work in an incredibly time-pressured environment Excellent, interpersonal and communication skills, both oral and written. IT Service Management Business orientation, able to translate IT into business terms Ability to influence others effectively to achieve the required outcome ITIL Awareness Degree educated or proven experience Strong background in IT application management Systems Thinking Appreciation of Agile Demonstrable experience of thriving within a fast-paced environment and high pressurized financial services organization A framework for capabilities and skills across IT to further support development and career pathways is being developed Experience with Guidewire is an absolute must have requirement PolicyCenter experience is a huge benefit 
ScrapedJobID1129:

ScrapedJobID1130:
This role will be the centre of developing industry leading products. You’ll manage multiple concurrent projects, owning all projects requiring build deliverables. Following the Agile methodology and development process, manage cross-disciplinary projects to scope, budget and timelines to completion as defined by SOW Gathering estimates from the project team Working with leads to determine risks, interdependencies and specific assignments Planning sprint retrospectives, daily standups, backlog reviews, backlog grooming, and demos Unblocking tasks Scope prioritization with Strategy Lead Maintaining Asana sprint boards Tracking velocity and burndown rate P&L reporting Identifying resources requests to Discipline leads for right skilled assignments Developing weekly resource allocation view with Discipline leads Change management Raising risks and issues relating scope, budget or timelines. Identifying resolution actions and mitigation steps taken to date, provide recommendations for addressing issues. Making recommendations on process improvements to address issues Manage contingency allocation on projects. Contribute to sharing contingency across projects where needed. Release management Overseeing Quality Assurance and UAT process Management of the co-op students Lead, design and help Implement the DevOps solution Contribute to making efficiency improvements to the Development Processes You have worked in the software industry for a minimum of 10 years You are an expert in software development with a prior work experience as a software developer You have led multiple project teams concurrently You have minimum of 7+ years program and project management experience You can identify and implement industry development best practices. You have implemented industry best practices for project management You have a toolkit of mitigation actions taken on past projects You have a deep understanding of development constraints, technical risks, and technical interdependencies You have expertise in managing and building web applications and mobile solutions You have experience managing complex resource requirements across multiple projects You have a experience with modern technologies and development methodologies You have a deep understanding of Software development lifecycle and development processes You have a solid understanding of of DevOps You have experience implementing DevOps You have experience working with modern relational or non-relational databases such as Oracle or SQL Server, MySQL, Postgres, Redis, MongoDB, Cassandra, etc. And web development technologies You have an understanding of Microservices Design 
ScrapedJobID1131:
Tu maîtrises parfaitement le norvégien à l'écrit, à l'oral et à la lecture Tu connais la culture norvégienne Tu as une bonne maîtrise de l'anglais à l'écrit, à l'oral et à la lecture Une expérience en localisation / traduction est un atout Tu as une bonne aptitude à communiquer avec tes coéquipiers Tu sais aussi bien travailler en autonomie qu’en équipe Tu connais (si tu sais utiliser c’est encore mieux !) des outils informatiques tel que Excel, Google Sheets, Google Drive et JIRA Horaires flexibles Travail à domicile Opportunités de carrière Des collègues venant des quatre coins du monde avec un esprit de cohésion Un office en face de la station de métro Rosemont Café et thé gratuits au bureau Un baby-foot (au bureau aussi) Soirée jeux vidéo avec les testeurs et le staff Des beignés le vendredi (toujours au bureau) Overtime pay Casual dress Company events Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday On call Please apply if you are native from Norway only. Applying without being native will result as an automatic refusal of your application. Quality Assurance: 1 year (preferred) Norwegian (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1132:
3-5 years experience in delivering cloud-based solutions Web application development and API development with Java frameworks such as Play Framework for Springboot Skills in Javascript / REST / JSON and related technologies Skills in React-Native HTML5 + CSS experience Familiarity with build tools incl. XCode, Gradle, Android Studio Programming skills to implement algorithms and integrate them into existing systems able to communicate clearly both verbally and in writing. strong analytical and mathematical skills able to learn and adapt quickly Casual dress Company events Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Stock options Work from home 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID1133:
Collaborate with business teams, technology teams, and external partners to align work to our product roadmap and communicate customer and business value across the company Optimize efficiency in a constantly evolving environment where creative, validated solutions are expected Leverage data (quantitative and qualitative) to make informed decisions, define meaningful success criteria, and maximize product value iteratively Work in partnership with the Product Design and Technology teams to build user-centric, user tested solutions through product discovery practices Execute against Product Roadmaps and Release Plans by owning, prioritizing, and maintaining the Product Backlog, including definition of features, user stories, and acceptance criteria Collaborate with Solution architect and Development leads to refine the Product Backlog to ensure that team deliverables meet agreed-upon standards for quality in addition to the stated business outcome Promote and drive Agile development methodology throughout the development cycle, providing direction and support to development and quality assurance teams Define and analyze metrics to measure and benchmark product success Promote product best practices and community empowerment within our Product Design and Development team You have the opportunity to be a part of an award winning, fast growing company Our innovative culture promotes on-going learning opportunities with training and mentorship A new and vibrant office environment and remote working capability Competitive compensation package commensurate to experience plus benefits A minimum of 5 years experience as a Product Owner or Associate Product Manager Experience working both independently and, in a team,-oriented, collaborative environment is essential. A high agency individual with the ability to appropriately assess the need for independent decision-making versus leadership escalation. Experience with Agile principles and development methodologies Proficient with the use of Jira and Confluence, or equivalent ticket management software PSPO, CSPO or CSP-PO certification(s) considered an asset. Demonstrated ability to work with IT teams to achieve business goals. Excellent communications skills at all levels within an organization and with external
stakeholders Ability to facilitate collaboration through working groups and workshops. Energy, passion, and commitment to drive to results in a challenging, fast-paced 
ScrapedJobID1134:
Handle incident management for all Hedgerows application software support requests, which can include case or issue management, training and software upgrade/installations. Handle incident management and proactive monitoring of the client’s cloud infrastructure and hosting of our enterprise-class application. Handle incident management for support of client self-hosted application. Assist in deployment and support of PaaS, IaaS and SaaS solutions such as Azure as a Service and VMware. Perform necessary migration of data and services. Assist other team members to address Client needs during project cycles (installing Company’s application software, new Client implementation tasks and supporting Clients with technical environment inquiries). Respond to all reported incidents/inquiries within time frames outlined in Service Level Agreements. Contribute to our Knowledge base by documenting how-to questions, making workflow suggestions, and troubleshooting application and technical problems. Install company’s proprietary software server and application software. Assist the Development and Quality Assurance teams for environment updates. and application installations. Install and support web services. Assist to coordinate, install and update server patches and supporting tools. Assist in monitoring and correcting issues for our internal infrastructure including LAN/WAN networks, storage, Windows server environment, VMWare, Cloud and physical servers. Perform email system administration. Troubleshoot internal IT issues and provide resolution. Support any additional internal IT systems. Occasional work outside of business hours is required. On-call pager rotation is required. Exceptional written and oral communication skills. Prior experience in Application Software Support, Microsoft Azure cloud environments, and/or Networking/technical support. A strong understanding of cloud environments. Minimum 1 - 3 years of application/network support. Azure Administrator certification is required within 3 months of hire. Post-secondary education in a computer related discipline such as networking or equivalent experience. You have an aptitude for acquiring skills and eagerness to learn that allows you to quickly acquire the knowledge of emerging technologies and apply it to our Azure cloud and other infrastructure needs. You are a critical, creative thinker and problem solver, resourceful with a highly developed attention to detail that enables you to ‘think out of the box’ to solve client’s questions regarding our software and technical issues effectively. A positive and professional Team Player who is willing to ‘lend a hand’ wherever necessary. You always have a positive attitude and have a customer-focused approach that will enable you to deal with challenging situations and priorities with integrity, empathy and sincerity. Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1135:

ScrapedJobID1136:

ScrapedJobID1137:

ScrapedJobID1138:

ScrapedJobID1139:

ScrapedJobID1140:

ScrapedJobID1141:

ScrapedJobID1142:

ScrapedJobID1143:

ScrapedJobID1144:

ScrapedJobID1145:

ScrapedJobID1146:
Implement quality assurance best practices in its team responsible for data transformation (ETL team). Develop the various strategies related to testing and implementation. Automate tests and / or actively participate in the automation of tests with the analyst-programmers on your team. Ensure the realization and the implementation of the appropriate corrective measures. Identify situations that may significantly affect the quality of deliverables and provide feedback to collaborators and partners. Support the client in defining his needs, targeting, entering, analyzing and interpreting the information and data necessary to support the decision-making process in the choice of appropriate technological solutions. Document the solutions developed. Bachelor's degree in an appropriate discipline or equivalent training. 
ScrapedJobID1147:
Designing and developing business capabilities for Spring Financial's internal departments and partners. Analyzing functional and non-functional requirements and exploring alternative solutions according to the project's constraints Transforming functional requirements into technical solutions leveraging declarative choices and when applicable customizing code to meet specifications using Apex, Visualforce, Lightning and JavaScript Developing efficient code following industry standards and best practices Estimating, planning and prioritizing activities to meet expectations and deadlines Acting as the technical expert on all applicable aspects on Salesforce platform projects Contributing to data integration initiatives among Salesforce and multiple internal and external data sources using integrations tools, platforms, and APIs to extract, transform and load data as required Helping with triaging and fixing defects for planned releases or sprints Performing unit tests and collaborating with Quality Assurance experts and business users Identifying opportunities and executing continuous improvements in areas including but not limited to the development process, deployment practice, and code quality and unit test automation Providing technical guidance and mentorship to intermediate/junior developers Assisting team lead in promoting development standards and best practices Being aware of new Salesforce features and practices and guide the team on their adoption Participating in solutioning sessions to ensure architectural extensibility and scalability are taken into account Bachelor’s degree in Information System, Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent experience 5+ years of progressive experience developing in the Salesforce platform (Apex/Visualforce) Previous experience as a software developer using HTML, Javascript and any Object-Oriented Design Principles or Language Previous experience designing and developing applications in Java Experience with Agile development processes Salesforce Platform Developer I Developer Certifications A competitive salary Extended health, dental and vision benefits Training by successful managers (who have excelled in the job themselves) is provided at the onset and throughout your journey with Spring Financial 
ScrapedJobID1148:
A Software Engineer fulfils the following responsibilities with little to moderate guidance of more senior team members. Take ownership of stories and interpret business requirements for these stories with the assistance of project managers. Design and implement new features in product and improve existing features as required. Provide feedback on requirements from a technical perspective, and provide estimates for user stories and tasks. Provide input into technical design, at the story and/or module level. Comply with coding standards. Collaborate with quality assurance engineers to fix defects. Collaborate with build and release engineers to prepare packages and solve environment issues. Investigate and find the root cause for software problems reported by clients. Maintain technical documents. Review code of other team members. Mentor Associate Software Engineer Minimum Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related major from top institutions, Masters degree is a plus. Deep understanding of Object Oriented design and development 3+ years of professional software development experience on multi-tiered enterprise applications. Experienced in Programming Languages: C++ Experience in C# is preferred but not necessary 
ScrapedJobID1149:
Create and execute test cases to thoroughly validate developed ServiceNow solutions against agreed upon business and technical requirements Work with the rest of the team to meet the release testing milestones and deliver high quality ServiceNow solutions on time Register defects and follow the standard defect management process to communicate product issues to project team members and work collaboratively to resolve Maintain the repository of all test cases, suites, and test artifacts of our ServiceNow projects Ensure that the defined QA processes meet auditing requirements Recommend changes to established methods and suggest alternative solutions to improve quality and increase productivity of our Technology Solutions (ServiceNow) team Strong knowledge of QA methodologies within the ServiceNow platform Hands on experience testing custom developed systems Understands business processes and implementations within ServiceNow applications Understanding of different SDLC methodologies like Agile, Waterfall, Iterative Understanding of IT concepts (windows platform, integrations, webservices, reports) 2+ years of hands-on technical working experience as a QA Analyst performing manual testing on ServiceNow application(s) Practical experience with the ServiceNow automated test framework or other automated software testing frameworks General business and IT management process knowledge including, but not limited to ITSM practices Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite including Visio, PowerPoint, and collaboration tools Post-secondary education in Computer Science or Information Systems, or related qualifying work experience Solid problem solving and analytical skills Broad business and management knowledge Ability to work effectively with people at all levels of the organization Client-focused approach with outstanding interpersonal skills The ability to work flexible hours (weekend and after hours shifts when required) Excellent written and verbal communication skills ServiceNow Certified System Administrator (CSA) certification; ServiceNow micro certifications are a plus 
ScrapedJobID1150:
Experienced buyer members who are not making their first purchase; Co-borrowing members; Members outside Quebec; Multiplex buyers. Define the supervision, implementation and development of the various quality strategies of our teams. Wrote the testing strategy for the digital mortgage pre-approval project and coordinate its execution using a team of testers. Work in collaboration with the architecture and delivery professions to ensure that the various quality requirements (functional and non-functional) are taken care of from the outset. Intervene with management as a consultant to set up and interpret the various indicators on the quality of solutions. Represent the sector in terms of quality practice with other bodies of the Movement or outside the Movement. Document the technical and practical solutions to ensure the sustainability of the products. 
ScrapedJobID1151:
Define and implement a test automation strategy covering user interface, and the integration of networked devices within the Userful Visual Networking Platform Define automation standards and work with the Engineering team to implement automatability in existing and new products Identify priority targets for test automation to improve reliability of product releases Work with Solution Leads to identify areas of high risk or high complexity Give guidance and occasional training to other members of the Quality Assurance team on automation approaches and practices Actively participate in the definition of new features by providing feedback and experience-based guidance Help to push a quality focus for all involved participants throughout the lifecycle of a product Organize, create and maintain test cases to cover existing functionality, and new features Document found issues, write clear reports detailing these issues and the potential problems they may create, as well as relevant metrics Experience in defining and implementing a test automation strategy Significant technical and Enterprise-level experience in Software Quality Assurance methodologies and standards Ability to review complex requirements and identify risks, conflicts, deficiencies and issues requiring clarification Understanding of Quality Assurance best practices, and tools such as issue tracking systems and test case management systems Technical understanding of Linux, complex networking, user experience and AV-Over-IP concepts Excellent verbal and written communication skills to create clear documentation, and present findings and methods to team members or users of varying technical skill levels You must be eligible to work in Canada A relevant post-secondary degree or technical diploma Leadership Experience within a team of QA professionals Monday to Friday Calgary, AB: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) creating automatic test scripts: 3 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID1152:
Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Do you have your CPA Designation? Tax Accounting: 3 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1153:
Plans, organizes, and evaluates the activities and operations of ERP and associated technology, in collaboration with management. Writes technology and SOPs and work instructions and maintains the master documents in a filing system that ensures retrieval when necessary. Review ERP issues with various departments and assist in determining potential impact based on knowledge of application. Becomes corporate ‘super user’ of ERP system specifically in manufacturing aspect at both 340 Huronia Road and 85 Morrow Road locations. Provide input on corrective measure to be taken and provide clarification on technology requirements with external clients (i.e., ERP). Track and maintain all records for pricing and costing from an internal auditing perspective with periodic checking including evaluation of process and approval procedures. Working with and out of both locations, provide support functions for systems for all personnel. Responsible for scheduling necessary upgrades, creating/modifying test methods as required and maintaining maintenance schedule for in-house applications. Coordinate and conduct internal Technology audits. Review activities and process outputs. Develops and maintains project plans to support all technology and Administration activities. Working with Manager, populate WIKI with ERP training information to assist with transitioning of and into various roles and (cross) training aspects. Provide support to and be a go to level 1 support specifically for the sales team. Provide ‘help-desk” type for “level 2” escalated issues for the ERP system (level 1 is resolved by the area supervisor/manager or “expert on the floor”; level 3 goes to our ERP contact) Backup resource for other ERP superusers in various departments. Maintains complete knowledge of and compiles with company and departmental polices, procedures and standards. Maintains client and company confidence by keeping information confidential and secure. Maintains a positive working relationship with team members and management in a team environment. Sets-up and organize individual work area with designated supplies, forms and resource materials while maintaining cleanliness at all times. Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program 8 hour shift Monday to Friday system administration: 1 year (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1154:
Leadership: Provides leadership and direction to assigned Internal Audit staff including recruitment, ongoing training and development, knowledge-sharing, coaching, goal-setting and performance management. IT & Cybersecurity Audit Management and Delivery: Plans the objectives and scope for comprehensive IT and cybersecurity assurance and consulting engagements using a risk-based approach. Designs and develops risk-based audit programs and related procedures for areas in the IT and cybersecurity audit universe. Completes files to ensure sufficient work was completed and evidence obtained to meet the objectives of the engagement. While there is no permanent supervisory responsibilities, supervises or assists on an as-needed basis, a team of internal auditors and/or external consultants to complete specific IT or cybersecurity audit engagements, integrated audit engagements with such components, or general audit engagements with no such components, where possible. Reporting and Communication: Delves into audit findings to isolate and identify root causes of control deficiencies. Writes concise, risk-focused reports with pragmatic recommendations. Communicates with and engages stakeholders in a diplomatic and tactful manner, in discussions of complex and sensitive issues, audit findings, and recommendations. Facilitates and ensures open communication with other members of the Internal Audit department, as well as IT, Risk, external auditors, regulators and other organizational partners, in the areas of IT and cybersecurity controls, risk management, governance, regulatory compliance, and internal policies/procedures. Guidance, Assistance and Thought Leadership: Assists the Internal Audit leadership team in managing and updating the IT and cybersecurity audit universe, as well as performing the risk assessment and developing an IT and cybersecurity audit plan, by staying current with the Credit Union’s business operations, IT and cybersecurity environment and major projects, as well as changing regulations, and emerging risks. Provides advice to and perform value-add activities for key internal stakeholders (e.g., IT and Risk), without compromising independence and objectivity, on IT and cybersecurity risk management, control and governance processes, and recommends process improvements to mitigate risk to the Credit Union. Provides technical expertise and appropriate training to members of the Internal Audit department relative to TeamMate and ACL, and acts as the administrator of these applications by managing software upgrades, configurations, user privileges and user access, among others. Professional Standards: Ensures adherence to the IIA Standards and maintains a professional standard of conduct. Maintains an understanding of departmental quality standards, policies and procedures, industry regulations, and relevant organizational policies and procedures, and imparts that understanding to the Internal Audit team and incorporates it into all assurance, consulting, and value-add activities. Keeps abreast of leading practices, latest trends, and technological and cybersecurity developments, and incorporates them into engagements. Internal Audit Development and Advancement: Assists the Internal Audit leadership team in establishing, developing and maturing the IT and cybersecurity audit practice/service by providing technical expertise and developing IT and cybersecurity audit-specific tools, practices and methodologies. Contributes to the advancement of overall Internal Audit practices and methodologies by providing technical guidance and assistance in implementing and maturing continuous auditing capabilities, and automating manual testing procedures by leveraging application controls and data analytics. Bachelor's Degree in one of the following area's of study: Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Business Administration or equivalent Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA), Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), Certified Information Security Manager (CISM), Certified in Risk and Information Systems Control (CRISC), or another related IT designation Minimum 5 years of IT and cybersecurity auditing and/or risk management experience in a wide range of areas, such as cybersecurity (e.g., vulnerability assessment, incident management, etc.), IT and data governance, cloud computing (e.g., PaaS, SaaS, etc.), applications (e.g., web services, application controls and system development lifecycle), infrastructure services and components (e.g., servers, databases and networks), disaster recovery planning, and IT general controls, among others. Advanced understanding of IT and cybersecurity-specific risks and controls, as well as related frameworks, standards or guides (e.g., COBIT, NIST, ITIL, IIA GTAG, ISO 27001, 27002, SOC (SSAE16/CSAE3416), etc.), relevant regulatory requirements (e.g., OSFI cybersecurity guidance, PIPEDA/PIPA, Interac, PCI DSS, etc.), and industry leading practices and risk trends Demonstrated ability to understand and/or analyze the relationship between information technology and cybersecurity risk, and the underlying business risk or objective Proficient in applying auditing and analytical techniques, including the use of relevant IT and cybersecurity-related frameworks, standards or guides Knowledge of auditing principles and practices Proficiency with data analytics and CAATs tools Excellent interpersonal skills, with the ability to interact effectively and build relationships with all levels of the organization Strong written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to present information in a clear and concise manner Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to effectively process a large volume of information and/or uncertainty, draw meaningful and persuasive conclusions, and develop practical recommendations to improve the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the organization Ability to exercise sound professional judgement A competitive base salary plus performance-based incentive compensation Annual merit pay increases Flexible benefits as well as support for retirement benefits Vacation time, a flexible “Day4U” and the option to purchase up to five additional vacation days Other financial perks such as our Employee Banking Advantages which includes waived or reduced financial service fees, reduced rates on personal loans, mortgages and no-interest loans on lifestyle-related items that promote health, wellness, learning and business aptitude 
ScrapedJobID1155:

ScrapedJobID1156:
Develop, direct, and evolve Equitable’s continuous delivery capabilities and principles. Work with and mentor development and QA teams to enable principles, techniques, and solutions in the areas of CI/CD across multiple technology domains, etc. Actively participate in projects as a CI/CD SME to enable continuous delivery while mentoring other team members with a goal to enable teams to become self sufficient and more productive. Actively participate in cross team planning discussions to enable continuous delivery processes to continuously improve. Analyze how systems are being built, tested, and deployed to identify opportunities to reduce time and effort of those processes. Partner with solution delivery teams to maintain, support, and extend our existing in-house CI/CD frameworks. Mentor software development teams in design principles. Recommend systems designs or design changes using design principles to promote the creation of testable, loosely coupled systems and system components. Collaborate with software development leaders, Project Managers, Product Managers, and others to ensure smooth integration of continuous deployment solutions into various projects and SDLC methodologies. Meets regularly with IT leadership to provide metrics on Equitable Life’s capabilities in continuous delivery, CI\CD, and security of our existing applications. Stay up to date on the latest tools, technologies, trends and approaches within the quality and development spaces and incorporating changes that make sense into Equitable’s practices. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent qualifications in Software Engineering or Computer Science. 5+ years of hands-on experience in C#, Java and/or other object-oriented programming languages. 5+ years of hands-on experience in software development and design. 3+ years of hands-on experience in front-end technologies. 2+ years of hands-on experience in CI/CD pipelines. Experience orchestrating process changes with no direct authority. Strong understanding of architectural and OO design principles and patterns. Experience writing and evangelizing practice principles and best practices. Ability to present technical details to a non-technical audience. The ability to learn quickly and progress rapidly from theoretical exercises to real world delivery. Excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to produce clear, concise documentation. An aptitude for problem solving, with the ability to take a logical route to the source of an error. Self-motivated with the ability to learn quickly and independently and work within a team environment. 
ScrapedJobID1157:
Deploy, maintain, and troubleshoot core business applications, including application servers, associated hardware, endpoints, and databases Meet and coordinate with internal and external stakeholders to establish project scope, system goals, and requirements Develop, analyze, prioritize, and organize requirement specifications, data mapping, diagrams, and flowcharts for developers and testers to follow Translate non-technical requirements into clear, highly technical specifications and vice versa Produce all low-level design for projects and the necessary documentation (i.e. UML class diagrams, table design, flows, program specs, etc.) Manage the set-up and configuration of systems Define and coordinate the execution of testing procedures, and develop test cases to serve the overall quality assurance process Provide documentation of all processes and training as needed Perform design and code reviews as needed Develop and implement maintenance procedures, monitor systems health, gather system statistics, and troubleshoot reported errors and alarms Perform design, implementation, and upgrades of information systems to meet the business and user needs Implement best practices for scalability, supportability, ease of maintenance, and system performance Bachelor's degree in computer science or information technology 8-10 years experience working with information technologies and systems analysis, ideally in the financial technology industry Expertise in the design, development and deployment of enterprise-level N-tier architecture in a Microsoft .NET Framework or Java Enterprise Edition platform Strong computer, hardware, software, and analytical skills Proven ability to assess business needs and translate them into relevant solutions Proven ability to assess risk and implement mitigation plans Proven experience in producing all low-level design for projects and the necessary documentation (i.e. UML class diagrams, table design, flows, program specs, etc.) Strong understanding and knowledge of the principles and practices associated with database maintenance and administration Experience installing, configuring, documenting, testing, training, and implementing new applications and systems Working knowledge of a wide variety of programming languages (specifically, experience in C# and JavaScript, working with RESTful APIs and with relational databases (SQL) Experience in an Agile development environment 
ScrapedJobID1158:
Writes technology and SOPs and work instructions and maintains the master documents in a filing system Plans, organizes, and evaluates the activities and operations of ERP and associated technology Review ERP issues with various departments and assist in determining potential impact based on knowledge of application Becomes corporate ‘super user’ of ERP system specifically in manufacturing aspect Provide input on corrective measure to be taken and provide clarification on technology requirements Responsible for scheduling necessary upgrades, creating/modifying test methods as required and maintaining maintenance schedule Coordinate and conduct internal Technology audits Develops and maintains project plans to support all technology and Administration activities Provide assistance and be a go to level 1 support Provide ‘help-desk” type for “level 2” escalated issues for the ERP system Self educate continually on Company manufacturing process Backup resource for other ERP superusers in various departments University degree in Computer Science & Programming 5+ years of working in Programmer/Analyst and Technology focused role Extensive experience in working with ERP/MRP/CRM systems. Several years of experience working with programs such as PHP, Java, Visual Basic Studio (C#/ C++) Experience working with database management programs such as SQL/MySQL including XML and XSL technologies Experienced in creation of End User Documentation and Standard Operating Procedure Experience with Quality Assurance and Software Testing Ability to work under pressure with simultaneous deadlines Excellent problem solving, interpersonal, and organization skills Dental care Extended health care On-site parking 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Do you have a University degree in Computer Science and/ or Programming? Do you have experience working with programs such as PHP, Java, Visual Basic Studio (C#/ C++)? Programming: 5 years (preferred) IT: 5 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1159:
Start: January Estimated length: 12+ months Location: Fredericton NB 
ScrapedJobID1160:
Prioritize, plan and oversee IT projects and required staffing Oversee recruitment, training, retention, and organization of all IT staff based on upcoming projects and budget requirements Coach, mentor, motivate, supervise and evaluate team members, and promote positive actions and accountability for their assigned work Manage and develop all IT procedures, policies and standards to improve quality and efficiency Be mindful of and committed to the long term corporate vision and objectives and technological tools that can help achieve them Identify areas of potential business development and keep up to date with emerging industry trends and technologies Implement IT systems, strategic and operational plans and ensure that current and future IT needs are met Oversee the production of pre-planning studies, execution, and finalization of all IT projects according to strict deadlines and within budget? Architecture Evaluate, identify and oversee the integration of optimal technology platforms to deliver the company&rsquo;s services (web application frameworks, email service and communication systems, web application hosting providers, etc&hellip;) Ensure that technology standards and best practices are maintained across the organization Monitor network security and ensure confidentiality, integrity and availability of the company&rsquo;s data and servers Plan enterprise-wide disaster recovery and business continuity plans Oversee the deployment process of applications and platforms Participate in the scoping process of new projects Review technical designs, wireframes and specification documents to ensure conformance to development standards Establish and supervise a quality assurance process, including integration and system testing Set forth development methodology and oversee testing, coding conventions and documentation standards REQUIRED SKILLS Bachelor&rsquo;s degree in Computer Sciences, Computer Engineering, Business with IT background or equivalent experience Over 10 years of experience in software development and IT system management Over 5 years of experience managing a software development team Excellent leadership and communication skills – verbal and written Excellent time-management, organizational and prioritization skills Exceptional attention to detail Experience with web application deployment and frameworks Knowledge of software development standards and best practices Experience with risk management, data recovery, information security and PCI compliance Knowledge of Internet protocols and RFC standards, database management and revision control systems Experience with UNIX system administration and web server configuration Strong working knowledge of PHP, MySQL, CSS, XHTML, one or more JavaScript frameworks, and AJAX Experience in Java, Ruby on Rails, Grails JSON, HTML5/HTML,Flex/Flash or JavaScript an asset Experience with iPhone, iPad and Android mobile applications Strong interest in the latest trends and innovations in the IT industry 
ScrapedJobID1161:
Demonstrate a high level of accountability for the creative design process and successful delivery of learning solutions to TAM clients Inspire and provide guidance to internal project teams consisting of learning strategists, learning experience designers, media designers, web developers and quality assurance associates Collaborate with business leaders to determine the direction of design initiatives and demonstrate reliability in the application of design thinking principles to projects Identify design and learning trends, as well as internal opportunities for continuous improvement within the design process Provide leadership and instruction to project team members with regard to the creative direction and interpretation of client needs and project mandates Build and nurture positive relationships with TAM clients Establish and maintain visual design standards across the organization A minimum of seven years progressive experience in graphic design A professional portfolio Fluent knowledge of the Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, After Effects, and XD) Motion graphics animation skills and a passion for visual storytelling Experience with the application of Design Thinking methods and tools Experience in a leadership role within a design department Ability to quickly learn new tools and software Strong analytical and organizational skills, with a passion for continuous learning Ability to work as a team player and demonstrate patience and humour while working with others Ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment and to prioritize projects as assigned, using sound judgment & time-management skills A background in eLearning, using authoring tools such as Articulate, Lectora, and Captivate Working knowledge of Learning Design techniques and tools Competitive salary Benefits (health and dental) Employee Assistance Program Vacation / Paid time off Remote work options Education reimbursement Access to online learning resources through Lynda, Masterclass, and Udemy Phone plan reimbursement Spacious open-concept, pet friendly office in the East End Free snacks! Beer o’clock on Fridays Casual “dress for your day” culture Bike racks Ping pong and foosball tables Casual dress Dental care Discounted or free food Employee assistance program Extended health care Paid time off Tuition reimbursement Monday to Friday English (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1162:
Gère les projets de ventes de moteurs industriel Caterpillar et Perkins Supporte les activités de ventes de pièces Perkins Gère le retour et les crédits pour le noyaux de pièces Perkins Coordonne les activités des opérations, d’achats et de travaux en atelier pour ses projets Fait le suivi (coût, cédule, qualité). Évalue et applique les correctifs nécessaires pour respecter l'enveloppe budgétaire estimée et les échéanciers des projets. DEP ou DEC en mécanique combiné à 3 ans d’expérience pertinente Bilinguisme (parlé et écrit) Connaissance des logiciels MS Office, d’un système en gestion manufacturière et/ou du système DBS, et de SAP (un atout) Expérience en gestion de projets, un atout Manages Caterpillar and Perkins industrial engine sales projects Supports Perkins parts sales activities Manages Cores return and credits for the Perkins parts Coordinates operations, procurement and workshop activities for its projects Follow-up (cost, schedule, quality). Evaluates and applies the necessary corrective measures to respect the estimated budget envelope and the project deadlines Dep or Dec in mechanical combined with 3 years of relevant experience Bilingualism (spoken and written) Knowledge of MS Office software, a system in manufacturing management and / or DBS, and SAP (an asset) Project management experience an asset Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Régime d'Achat d'Actions 8 Heures Du Lundi au Vendredi Quart de jour Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1163:
Comptabiliser les factures dans le système People Soft Répartir les coûts entre les divisions (répartir les montants de certaines factures qui sont attribuables aux autres divisions et s'assurer de recharger le montant correspondant) S’assurer de la résolution des problèmes relatifs aux factures incomplètes Concilier les écarts entre les biens et services commandés, la réception et la facturation (match exception) Concilier les états de comptes des fournisseurs Concilier les comptes inter-compagnie et les auxiliaires. Faire le suivi de la résolution des litiges avec le comptable concerné Valider le rapport de frais courus Balancer la fin du mois Donner un service de qualité à nos clients internes, en répondant à leurs questions et en effectuant diverses analyses Répondre aux questions des fournisseurs en provenance du centre d’appels par le biais de recherches dans le système Autres tâches connexes Diplôme d’étude collégiale ou expérience pertinente Minimum 2 ans d’expérience Connaissance du cycle d'approvisionnement et des exigences provinciales et fédérales en matière de fiscalité un sérieux atout Bonne capacité d'analyse Connaissance des logiciels Office (Outlook, Excel, Word) Bilinguisme français/anglais La possibilité de profiter d’un milieu de travail dynamique et hautement stimulant où vous pourrez faire votre marque et mener une carrière impressionnante. Des occasions de perfectionnement où votre avis compte. Une rémunération concurrentielle, un régime de retraite et des avantages souples que vous pouvez personnaliser selon vos besoins et ceux de votre famille. Des avantages pour les employés, comme des réductions auprès de fournisseurs de divers produits et services, y compris des assurances, des forfaits de données, des voyages et plus Post invoices in the People Soft system Allocate costs between divisions (allocate the amounts of certain invoices that are attributable to other divisions and ensure that the corresponding amount is charged back) Ensure resolution of issues related to incomplete invoices Reconcile discrepancies between goods and services ordered, receipt and invoicing (match exception) Reconcile vendor statements Reconcile inter-company and auxiliary accounts. Follow up on the resolution of disputes with the relevant accountant Validate the accrual report Balance the end of the month Provide quality service to our internal clients by answering their questions and performing various analyses Respond to supplier questions from the call center through system searches Other related tasks College diploma or relevant experience Minimum 2 years of experience Knowledge of the procurement cycle and provincial / federal tax requirements a strong asset Good analytical skills Knowledge of Office software (Outlook, Excel, Word) Bilingualism French/English Opportunity to be part of a dynamic and highly motivating work environment where you can develop your potential and launch an exciting career. Development opportunities where your input makes a difference. A competitive compensation package, pension and flexible benefits that are customizable to you and your family needs. Employee perks such as discounts from suppliers on various products and services such as insurance, wireless bundles, travel, and much more. Du Lundi au Vendredi Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1164:
Medication preparation related activities - The Pharmacy Assistant is responsible for various aspects of medication preparation, including, but not limited to: Responsible for answering all SDMSHN Pharmacy telephone calls. The Pharmacy Assistant deals with inquiries within the scope of their knowledge and within SOPs and Provincial parameters; transfer calls to the pharmacist or other team members as appropriate Inventory - Order pharmacy products and perform quarterly physical counts according to processes and procedures in order to maintain pharmacy inventory levels Ensure proper storage, handling, disposal of drugs in accordance with Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and regulatory requirements Process credit card billings for patients and review each order for accuracy and completeness Record keeping, including timely filing of documents and prescription hard copies Maintain privacy and confidentiality according to provincial and federal regulations Follow Required Operating Procedures (ROPs) and SOPs requirements at all times per company procedure Report all Adverse Events (AE) and Product Technical Complaints (PTC) immediately or as soon as possible upon becoming aware of the event as per current policies and procedures. Cleanroom activities (where applicable) include, but are not limited to: Support orientation and training of staff Demonstrate teamwork, engagement, and apply Blue Culture and Core Values in all interactions Perform other duties as required by Pharmacist or Specialty Pharmacy Manager Pharmacy Assistant Certificate and/or previous pharmacy experience an asset Excellent organizational skills with attention to detail Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment Ability to handle multiple demands made simultaneously under short time constraints Excellent verbal and written communication skills Strong problem-solving skills Knowledge of Pharmacy software systems and MS Office Applications Flexible and adaptable to changes of responsibility reflective of business needs including rotational shifts Overtime may be required occasionally Ability to lift up to 30 pounds 
ScrapedJobID1165:
Computer Science, Mathematics, Computer Engineering degree or equivalent Detail-oriented, excellent analytical skills 5+ years of QA experience with designing test cases, writing test documentation, executing test (Functional Testing, Regression Testing, UAT Testing, Migration Testing, Integration Testing, Backend Database Testing, End To End Testing, Performance Testing), and defect management Thorough understanding of Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) and Software Test Life Cycle (STLC) 5+ years of relational database experience to navigate through data models, backup and restore databases for data migration testing 5+ years of writing complex SQL queries 5+ years of experience using Test Management Tool – Tricentis qTest 5+ years of automation testing experience using Tricentis Tosca 5+ years of performance testing experience using NeoLoad Experience with MS Teams and Atlassian products – Confluence, Jira Experience testing web applications and APIs built through MS technologies and Salesforce Experience with working in Waterfall and Agile methodologies Excellent documentation skills and communication skills in both verbal and written 2X vaccinated - mandatory Day shift Monday to Friday Mississauga, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred) quality assurance: 1 year (preferred) QA Automation: 5 years (preferred) T-SQL: 5 years (preferred) qTest: 1 year (preferred) Agile: 1 year (preferred) Tricentis Certification (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1166:
Analyze blueprints and other documentation to prepare time, cost, materials, and labor estimates. Establish and maintain tendering process, and conduct negotiations. Creates and executes project work plans and revises as appropriate to meet changing schedules and requirements. Conduct Site visits and record information about access, take project pertinent dimensions, and survey existing topography including availability of services such and electricity/parking/access. Identifies resources needed and assigns individual responsibilities. Confer with engineers, architects, owners, contractors and subcontractors on changes and adjustments to cost estimates. Manages project budget. Determines appropriate revenue recognition, ensures timely and accurate invoicing, and monitors receivables for project. Manages day-to-day operational aspects of a project and scope. Prepare cost and expenditure statements and other necessary documentation at regular intervals for the duration of the project. Reviews deliverables prepared by team before passing to client or customer. Prepares for engagement reviews and quality assurance procedures. Minimizes our exposure and risk on project. Ensures project documents are complete, current, and filed appropriately. Follows up with clients, when necessary, regarding unpaid invoices. Analyzes project profitability at completion. Mathematics* -- Knowledge of arithmetic, algebra, geometry, calculus, statistics, and their applications.* Computer Skills – * Necessary : * Microsoft Outlook/Excel/Word/PDF * Windows Explorer and add-ons * Internet Explorer and add-ons * Printers and Faxes * Auto-CAD 2006 & up * Not necessary but considered an asset: * Valid P.Eng. Licence (Strong Asset) * X-Steel/Tekla Software * Administration and Management -- Knowledge of business and management principles involved in strategic planning, resource allocation, leadership techniques, production methods, and coordination of people and resources. * English Language Proficiency -- Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar. Understanding and writing sentences and paragraphs in work related documents, project specification books & blueprints. * Production and Processing -- Knowledge of raw materials, production processes, corresponding sections and properties, quality control, costs, and other techniques for maximizing the effective manufacture and distribution of goods. * Clerical -- Knowledge of administrative and clerical procedures and systems such as word processing, managing files and records, designing forms, and other office tools and terminology. Clear communication skill both written & verbal. French fluency is an asset. * Active Listening -- Giving full attention to what other people are saying, taking time to understand the points being made, asking questions as appropriate, and not interrupting at inappropriate times. * Time Management -- Managing one's own time and the time of others. * Management of Personnel Resources -- Motivating, developing, and directing people as they work, identifying the best people for the job. * Communicating with Persons Outside Organization -- Communicating with people outside the organization, representing the organization to customers, the public, government, and other external sources. This information can be exchanged in person, in writing, or by telephone or e-mail. * Making Decisions and Solving Problems -- Analyzing information and evaluating results to choose the best solution and solve problems. * Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others -- Handling complaints, settling disputes, and resolving grievances and conflicts, or otherwise negotiating with others. * Welding Knowledge -- Some welding knowledge, whether in steel, aluminum, or stainless steel will be considered a strong asset. Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking 8 hour shift Monday to Friday project management: 3 years (required) No 
ScrapedJobID1167:
Provide geotechnical engineering support to mine waste and tailings management projects Carry out engineering data analyses and design work for projects at stages ranging from scoping to detailed engineering and construction Possibly some travel to mine sites to carry out geotechnical investigations, instrument installation, and construction quality assurance for dams Assist with planning and supervising geotechnical subsurface investigations Assist with writing geotechnical reports and technical communications; Provide support to senior geotechnical engineer / geotechnical manager Minimum: Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering (geotechnical, civil or a related field) Registered as a Professional Engineer or Engineer-in-Training (E.I.T) with the Association of Professional Engineers and Geoscientists of Alberta (APEGA) minimum of 4 years of experience (preference given to Oil & Gas [Oil Sands] experience in large civil earthworks construction mining related projects, which include: field construction, performance monitoring, construction quality assurance, inspection and testing) Perform field and environmental investigations for Gas or Oil exploration and construction development projects Proficient in engineering software (Geo-Slope; MineScape; AutoCAD; Microsoft Office) Skilled in data interpretation; analysis and correlation Ability to work independently as well as in a small team setting; and foster effective working relationships with their peers Previous experience in Oil Sands operations will be an asset. Only candidates who are legally permitted to work in Canada will be considered. Registration with APEGA is a condition of employment This position will require successful completion of background reference checks as well as education and credentials verification Overtime pay Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift Holidays Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID1168:
Assists the pharmacist in preparing required supplies for delivery, including labelling medications, picking proper products to fulfill the orders, and making blister packs Assists the pharmacist in entering prescriptions into the prescription software (Kroll), and filling/billing such prescriptions Assists the pharmacist in filling refills through the prescription software (Kroll), including processes auto refill prescriptions, process prescriptions that are in scheduled batches Performs billing of supplies on behalf of the patient to Green Shield through the online Provider Connect portal Communicates with patients regarding their third party insurance provider or other provincial coverage to resolve billing issues Communicates with patients' third party plans to troubleshoot rejected claims Assists the pharmacist in maintaining appropriate inventory levels through cycle counts, sending and receiving wholesale orders using Pharmaclik Maintains pharmacy records including filing and documenting required information on dispensing records. Communicates appropriately with all members of the healthcare team. Documents appropriately according to P&Ps, all activities using required paperwork (logs) Participates in Performance Improvement and Quality Assurance activities education programs and department/branch meetings. Performs other duties as assigned. Pharmacy Assistant Certificate/Diploma from an accredited institution is strongly preferred. Experience in a busy community pharmacy setting or specialty pharmacy setting is preferred. Organized and disciplined; strong computer skills Typing speed min. 40wpm; Able to perform pharmacy mathematical calculations; Able Strong communication skills (phone and written) PHYSICAL DEMANDS The employee is regularly required to talk or hear. Use computer and other equipment and reach with hands and arms. Vision requirements include close vision, colour vision, night vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to adjust focus. Lifting required as per employee capacity, employee must notify Supervisor regarding any health issues that may affect ability to lift WORK ENVIRONMENT While performing the duties of this job, the employee may be exposed to fumes or airborne particles The employee may be occasionally exposed to toxic or caustic chemicals The employee occasionally works near moving parts The noise level in this work environment is usually moderate 
ScrapedJobID1169:
Ensures that all functions and operations on the job comply with union agreements and local legislative requirements. Responsible for monitoring the SafeRing Program on the project site for compliance and corrects any safety violations. Monitors the progress and quality of work assigned to employees and subcontractors by complying with companies Quality Management procedures and policies. New employee – self-performed or subcontractor - orientation training and experience. Lead project start up guide & quality assurance program. Directs the construction of the project in accordance with drawings and specifications Assists the Project Manager with the maintenance of project document control including drawings, plans, master schedule, manpower charts, submittals, logs, test & inspection reports, etc., Knows, practices and enforces the companies safety policies and procedures to visibly create safe operations as a top priority on the project site. Technical school background, construction training (trade school, college or vocational training) or degree/diploma in Construction Management/ Civil / Mechanical Engineering five to ten years of experience in the construction trades as a foreman and general foreman Outlook and Microsoft Office including Word and Excel. Prolog software skills are an asset. Completion of a trade apprenticeship program. C.E.T. would be an asset • Reads and interprets documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. • Writes routine reports and correspondence. Speaks effectively before groups of customers or employees of organization Ability to work well in a team environment, and offer leadership to the Company’s staff and Sub trades. Good knowledge about general construction principles and practices, Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OHSA) and collective labour agreements Working with a 2.6-billion North American construction firm Vehicle reimbursement and mileage Dental, health plan and insurances Annual Bonus Program Defined contribution pension plan above competitors Great work culture, open door policy and family oriented with flexible work hours Opportunities for travel to US Commitment to Employee development and growth 
ScrapedJobID1170:
Facilitate structured learning experiences ( training) for CBI Coordination staff and others as needed Develop and oversee the production of quick reference manuals, training and instructional materials Utilize technology to enhance training through presentations, PowerPoints, video modules etc. Delivery of Orientation for new hires as requested Work closely with Quality Assurance and National Leadership to develop tools and /or metrics to measure effectiveness of training Conduct regular audits on all courses to identify opportunities to update or improve content and incorporate new trends Work with leaders in local sites, NCSC and Standards & Process to identify ongoing opportunities to scale training through strategies such as “train the trainer”, webinar, online modules . Identify training needs and requirements by interfacing with national leadership and local site leaders as needed Work with National Training Manager to create a standardized training experience. Make recommendations for content changes to training materials Participate in discussion and development of standardized workflows as needed Scan the organization and link with CBI teaching and training resources to access existing content and infrastructure to include in training programs Stay abreast of new trends and tools in employee training and development Work with leaders in local sites, NSCS and Standards & Process to ensure all materials are up-to-date with current processes. Maintain current knowledge of CBI training principles and policies, software and research. Ensure that costs such venue or meals are aligned with expectations set by the National Director of Client Services Centres or designate Research, select and book venues or catering when required Create document to track training metrics including module completion, proactive/reactive refreshers, attendance, and specific coordinator skillsets and new hire progress through the initial stages of the Training program. Demonstrated educator/training experience Fluent in both English & French Ability to teach participants at different levels and learning styles Computer skills – Microsoft Office Suite, ability to use and utilize scheduling systems All team members are required to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 and provide proof of vaccination upon hire or provide a valid medical exemption Post-Secondary education in Adult Education, Communications or related field Experience creating training programs and resources Experience tracking and auditing training programs Medical administration would be an asset 
ScrapedJobID1171:
Perform day to day development activities on the Salesforce.com platform using Apex and Visual Force Support the creation of customizations and integrations required to solution delivery Configure the Salesforce.com application based on the business requirements Develop custom applications using Apex, VisualForce, JavaScript, AJAX, HTML, CSS Apply best practices and experience to build Salesforce.com applications. Develop estimates for projects Work closely with other developers in the team, business analyst, QA analyst and project managers. Research Salesforce.com capabilities as needed to suit business requirements, and provide gap analysis Create actionable technical documentation based on gathered business requirements Assist with scoping and planning of various CRM related projects and initiatives Develop and maintain SFDC Visual Force pages, Apex classes & triggers, and integrations Perform routine administration functions for Salesforce.com Create documentation, including training documentation and release notes Participate in cross-functional teams that address strategic business issues Support the branch in developing and implementing the technical solutions needed as well as providing operational support ensuring that any technical glitch can be quickly addressed Design technical solutions for data collecting and storing into our centralized data repository Develop, test and implement the required technical solutions as well as ensure that the requirements in terms of data accuracy, quality are met Develop coding, testing, and debugging to support centralization and standardization of data entry to achieve expediated outcomes along with reporting and timely analytics Produce design artifacts and documentation which will allow future support of the implemented solutions Develop coding, testing, and debugging to support centralization and standardization of data entry to achieve expediated outcomes along with reporting and timely analytics Provide subject matter expertise to develop, test, support and maintain reports and transform and present data to support analytics Provide and support business model for the Salesforce tool to enable self-service reports which is a critical functionality for the client and other stakeholders Work to improve data transformation and reporting Conduct technical analysis, preparation of detailed programming specifications, program design, writing and/or generating code, and conduct unit tests Translate technical specifications for integration/sustainment and upgrade into working, tested application code Undertake proof of technology with test data to simulate application load and performance tuning related applications Conduct research and assessment of options for technical design issues Contribute to design/development project plans, including work breakdown and resources estimates Provide technical expertise and advice for the integration of other applications into the Salesforce solution Resolving and implementing critical fixes and changes in the solution Provide application programming support for incident management, application functionality sustainment, performance tuning and technical documentation Work with Quality Assurance (QA) to code, test, and debug extensions/tools integration services Perform performance tuning as well as audit and ad hoc reporting per business requests Provide software expertise in various computing platforms, operating systems, database technology, communication protocols, middleware and gateways Maintain Development environments and continue continuous Integration (CI) practice Improve the quality and accuracy of the data collected from numerous business units and end-users 8+years of full cycle software development including requirements, design, development, optimization, testing, implementation and support 3-5 years of development experience on the Salesforce platform Certified Salesforce Developer / Administrator Strong knowledge CRM business impact Experience integrating Salesforce.com with other applications Participation in each phase of full Salesforce.com lifecycle implementations In-depth understanding of the capabilities and constraints of the Salesforce Understands web services and other technologies that can be used to transport data in an enterprise environment and interact with Salesforce.com Experienced in defining systems strategy and requirements, designing and prototyping, planning testing, and supporting training efforts Oracle RDBMs(19c), SQL, PL/SQL, JSON, XML, Unix/Linux shell scripting, optimized database queries, data architecture, data design, modeling and mapping Experience with version control system SVN or GitLab preferred Working knowledge of issue tracking sysem Jira Enhanced CI/CD experience and DevOps methodologies and technologies an asset Develop and support application monitoring using Elastic/Logstash/Kibana or Sematext Knowledge of Java, JSON, XML, API calls, HL7/FHIR, Node JS, Python, Restful web services 
ScrapedJobID1172:
Reporting to the Customer Relations Manager, the On-Site Service Coordinator will be responsible for, but not limited to, all activities associated with the preparation and execution of projects as per the following job description: Complete, assist and schedule Frame Walk Inspections, Quality Assurance Inspections (pre-PDI) and Pre-Delivery Inspections for various active sites/projects; Respond to enquiries from purchasers (via phone, email or in person); Investigate Purchasers' concerns and deal with Warranty related matters (Tarion Warranty for New Homes); Scheduling required repairs/service with trades and coordinate with the purchasers; follow up with purchasers once service has been completed; Update and keep track of deficiencies in BuilderLynx; Ensure all timelines/deadlines are met; Arrange daily schedule between office duties and job sites visits; Computer Skills and Education: Microsoft Word, Excel and BuilderLynx; Bachelor's or equivalent; Other requirements: Minimum 2 years' experience in the Construction Industry; familiarity/experience with NewStar software and asset. Dedicated to Customer Experience and engagement 
ScrapedJobID1173:

ScrapedJobID1174:
Review, compare and edit a range of translated online documentation and learning solutions to ensure all standards are applied and consistent. Translate, review and edit translated content to ensure content language aligns with the English version of content. Conduct review for all translated content to revise, edit and proofread content to ensure: coherence, flow and conciseness. correctness of grammar, punctuation, and spelling consistency of tone/voice, grammar, pagination, layout and design adherence to departmental defined standards and style guides. adherence to bank standards and requirements around intellectual property, trademark usage/restrictions, branding, and copyrights appropriateness of message given target audience and learning objectives Provide input on such things as names, business names or other data required for French content. Assist with other French production activities as required including locating French URLs, locating French manual page names, and identifying and capturing French screens. Work with the Translation Leads, Translation Group, the Learning Designers, the Learning Project Managers and in some cases our external translation vendor to implement required versions of French content and produce the French version Use a variety of web editing tools and templates to edit content and work with Senior Technical Writers, Publishers and Quality Assurance, Learning Content Management Leads to implement required changes and revisions to content in order to produce the final version of all content. Translation software knowledge – MemoQ (In the past manager found candidates mentioned MemoQ experience in resume but couldn’t talk to it) Must be completely fluent in French - reading, writing, speaking Tech savvy Banking background is an asset Translation memory software experience Bachelor’s Degree in French translation Dreamweaver experience Ability to multi-task and prioritize, meet deadlines Detail oriented Hard-working and self-motivated Takes ownership of work 
ScrapedJobID1175:

ScrapedJobID1176:
Design and implement sophisticated scalable multi-threaded Object Oriented Software in C++ for solving challenging problems involving high speed data processing and networking Design advanced software modules that follow modern C++ design patterns Apply C programming skills for Linux device driver development and debugging Apply problem solving skills and experience to identify and improve low-level system performance issues Apply engineering principles to design algorithms for controlling image acquisition parameters, as well as environmental conditions (Temperature, Power, Fog, Frost, etc.) Create design documents on software architecture and algorithms Collaborate with Hardware designers on board bring-up and debug Maintain and improve Firmware build system using Make and Python Review code of peers for adherence to coding standards and design guidelines Estimate and track time and effort necessary for completing implementation tasks Review Marketing and Product Requirements Document during feasibility and development Collaborate with Quality Assurance team on identifying test cases for new features and areas for regression tests Follow the established development process for all design and implementation tasks Provides mentorship and coaching to junior developers 3+ years embedded development experience Strong C and C++ design and programming skills for embedded applications Firm grasp of operating system concepts including processes, threads, mutexes, interrupt handling, and exception handling Experience with C/C++ compilation and debugging tools Experience with scripting languages, build systems, and version control systems Excellent written and oral communication skills Degree in Computer or Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical discipline Experience with development in a Linux environment for ARM target processors Understanding of embedded design considerations including C/C++ memory management, microprocessor architectures, instruction efficiency, and I/O timing Knowledge of digital imaging/photography and audio/video coding University degree with 2+ years of embedded development or 5+ years of embedded development 
ScrapedJobID1177:
Champion manufacturing efficiency by analyzing and planning workflow, space requirements, and equipment layout. Identify and implement new manufacturing technologies, processes, or equipment with a view towards industry 4.0 Select, propose, and design equipment and tooling for manufacturing as well as set up, process development, and implementation. Monitor manufacturing processes to identify ways to reduce losses, cycle times, and assure or improve quality. Implement and maintain manufacturing documentation: manufacturing process instructions, work instructions, shop travelers, process flow diagrams, and procedures within our digital manufacturing execution system. Perform root cause analysis of manufacturing non-conformance and recommend solutions. Examine and review drawings, blueprints, schematics, work orders, vendor catalogs and other technical data to ensure compliance with specifications and requirements. Prepare product and process reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information and trends. Trouble shoot, maintain, and optimize manufacturing equipment. Maintain professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies. Bachelor's degree in a relevant Engineering discipline 5+ years of work experience in EMS or similar manufacturing environment Strong knowledge of Lean manufacturing theory and practices, Lean for Process Improvement, and IPC Standards (IPC-A-610) Strong knowledge of PCBA and packaged electronics manufacturing processes Expertise in or knowledge of the following Lean tools is a strong asset: 5S, Waste Reduction, TPM (Total Production Management), OEE (Overall Equipment Effectiveness), Root Cause Analysis (5Why's, 5Ms, Ishikawa), Poka-Yoke (mistake proofing), Kaizen Events, Gemba ("the real place"), PDCA (Plan, Do, Check, Act) Experience with manufacturing software such as FactoryLogix Experience with CAD Software (Solidworks, AutoCAD, GC Prevue) Strong technical leadership and mentoring skills Strong data analysis and visualization ability Exceptional strategic thinking and process-oriented with systematic problem-solving skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Excellent time management, prioritization, and decision-making skills Highly professional, self-driven, creative, and goal-oriented personality with collaborative working style and ability to motivate and engage others Be a true change champion who is able to articulate the ideas and is not afraid of taking risk when necessary, in order to improve overall efficiency and productivity 
ScrapedJobID1178:
Tu maîtrises parfaitement l’Espagnol (d’Espagne) à l'écrit, à l'oral et à la lecture Tu connais la culture espagnole (d’Espagne) Tu as une bonne maîtrise de l'anglais à l'écrit, à l'oral et à la lecture Une expérience en localisation / traduction est un atout Tu as une bonne aptitude à communiquer avec tes coéquipiers Tu sais aussi bien travailler en autonomie qu’en équipe Tu connais (si tu sais utiliser c’est encore mieux !) des outils informatiques tel que Excel, Google Sheets, Google Drive et JIRA Travail à domicile Opportunités de carrière Des collègues venant des quatre coins du monde avec un esprit de cohésion Un office en face de la station de métro Rosemont Café et thé gratuits au bureau Un baby-foot (au bureau aussi) Soirée jeux vidéo avec les testeurs et le staff Des beignés le vendredi (toujours au bureau) You are fluent in written, spoken, and reading Spanish (from Europe) You are familiar with Spanish culture (from Europe) You have a good command of written, spoken, and reading English Experience in localization/translation is an asset You have good communication skills with your teammates You are able to work both independently and as part of a team You know (if you know how to use it even better!) computer tools such as Excel, Google Sheets, Google Drive, and JIRA Work from home Career opportunities Colleagues from all over the world with a cohesive spirit An office across the street from the Rosemont metro station Free coffee and tea in the office Foosball (also in the office) Gaming night with testers and the management Donuts on Fridays (also in the office) Overtime pay Casual dress Company events 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday No weekends On call Please proceed with your application if you are a Native speaker of Spain Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1179:
Own the quality assurance process for both Android and iOS mobile apps Document test results manually and automatically Develop test automation scripts to increase quality, scale of testing, and perform stress testing Configure and maintain test utilities (hardware and software) Contribute to continuous improvement of engineering test processes Post secondary degree or diploma in computer systems or software development At least 5 years experience testing mobile applications (iOS and Android) and REST APIs & services 2 or more years writing automated tests for mobile applications using Appium or related tools At least 2 years of experience in scripting with any major programming language, Python preferred Focus, autonomy, meticulousness, perseverance, and organization Team player and person of integrity Experience in setting up a CI/CD pipeline for Android and iOS apps Experience working with device farms and simulators Knowledge of hardware, Bluetooth and communication protocol Knowledge of networking, UDP DTLS protocol and how to test Knowledge of the following tools: JMeter, Postman, Selenium, Jenkins Experience in software testing for frontend and backend server applications Knowledge of testing systems for cybersecurity Experience writing queries to communicate with SQL databases A modern work environment A flexible schedule Great health benefits RRSP with employer contribution Gym and game tables An Agile environment Do the right thing Have fun Play to win! Dental care Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match 8 hour shift Quality Assurance: 1 year (preferred) Mobile testing: 5 years (preferred) IOT: 2 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1180:
Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Day shift Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID1181:
8 hour shift Quality Assurance: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1182:
Post-secondary education or equivalent. Completion or enrollment in a Quality Technician-related course from a recognized college. Minimum 1 year in the Automotive Field. Previous exposure to Quality Assurance systems and requirements an asset. Organizational skills. Communication skills. Interpersonal skills. Work well in a team environment or individually. Basic computer skills. AIAG Core Tools. Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing. Business Operating and Quality System. Problem Reporting System. Customer Specific Requirements. Basic understanding of CMM and perceptron. Basic facilitating skills. Basic auditing skills. Manufacturing process. IATF 16949. Measuring equipment (micrometers, calipers, indicators, and height gauges). Problem solving. Perform all duties and promote themselves in a manner that reflects Formet Expectations and Formet’s Visions/Values through Magna’s Employee Charter. Follow and abide by all government, Legal, Magna and Formet rules and regulations. Contribute to continuous improvement and cost reduction activities. Support the QEC’s on new and existing programs. Generating and up keep of Inspection Data Sheets, Visual Aids, Fixture Instructions and EPC’s. Support Buy-off’s when required internal and at integrators. Audit the First-Off / Mid-Off processes, and set up verifications to ensure it is being done correctly. Initiate and coordinate problem reports and containments. Up keep of gauges and Checking Fixtures. Perform capability / reliability studies as required. Keep product cleaned up in quarantine and MDR’s are completed. Participate in problem solving activities. Participate in Product, System and Process Audits as required. Archive completed Inspection Data and Set Up Sheets. Be dedicated to generating and or assisting in PPAP packages when required. Audit and approve Special Material Requests and reworked material when required. Assist in the training of production personnel in all quality requirements when needed. Maintain a sound understanding of customers product and engineering specifications. Take initiative to follow through on completion of tasks / projects, PMR’s and CIP’s. Attend and or Champion quality meetings when requested. Cover for the Team Leader and or other Technicians if he/she is absent. Provide support to all Departments for quality related issues. Perform other duties as designated. Overtime after 40 hours per week. Shift premiums of $0.75/hour (afternoons) and $1.25/hour (nights) 2 weeks of paid vacation (3 weeks after 3 years) + 3 Personal Paid Holidays (PPH) + 2 half days. Medical and Dental Coverage. Plant wide Incentive Program – based on a number of factors, all members of our team receive an Incentive Bonus, if requirements are met. Magna Profit Sharing. Matched GRRSP. Company paid life insurance and AD&D coverage. Educational Assistance program. Subsidized Cafeteria. Work boot, safety glasses and custom molded earplug allowances. Weekly pay via direct deposit. Company paid uniforms (if you choose to use). Barbecues and Children’s Christmas Party. Roger’s cell phone plan available to Formet Team Members - $40.00 / month Employee discounts (new vehicle, amusement parks etc.) Standard office equipment. Measuring gauges. Quality software. Office and Manufacturing Environments. Able to work shift work. Able to be flexible in hours of work in order to meet internal/external customer requirements (scheduled and non-scheduled overtime shifts, etc.). Responsible to adhere to all Health and Safety programs in accordance with the O.H.S.A. Follow and ensure the company’s procedures regarding safety rules and regulations are followed throughout the plant. Ensure that you work and operate equipment according to Formet’s safety rules and regulations. Active role in maintaining excellent housekeeping through leading by example. Ensure that your department is clean, tidy, organized and a safe workplace at all times. As with Safety, Security is everyone’s responsibility and Formet requires its employees to contribute to this activity by immediately notifying your supervisor when you identify security issues that affect the integrity of our supply chain, in accordance with PIP (Partners in Protection) and C-TPAT (Customs – Trade Partnership Against Terrorism) requirements. 
ScrapedJobID1183:

ScrapedJobID1184:
Monday to Friday Banking: 2 years (required) quality assurance: 2 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID1185:
Collaborate with engineering and development teams to evaluate and identify optimal cloud solutions Knowledge of key features of Cloud Service Providers (AWS or/and Azure) Participate in all aspects of the software development life cycle for AWS solutions, including planning, requirements, development, testing, and quality assurance Implement infrastructure as code (eg. cloudformation, terraform, etc) Code writing skills for serverless applications Ability to use continuous integration and distributed pipelines to deploy applications Understanding in the use of containers in development processes Ability to code to implement essential security measures Ensure application performance, uptime, and scale, maintaining high standards of code quality and thoughtful design Assesses impact of design decisions to the computer solution/product/service being developed (i.e. performance, schedule, budget, downstream component/system impact, quality, etc.) and recommends alternate/creative solutions for mitigation/optimization if required. Recommends and implements solutions based on analysis of issues and implications for the business. Identifies emerging issues and trends to inform decision-making. Leads and implements initiatives as required to deliver business objectives. Conducts independent analysis and assessment to resolve strategic issues. Builds effective relationships with internal/external stakeholders and ensures alignment. Monitors and tracks performance, and addresses any issues. Leads/conducts detailed code-reviews and provides feedback in a constructive manner. Decomposes business requirements and translates them into detailed design specifications and code. Interacts with key business & technology stakeholders to define, analyze, and deliver requirements that reflect the needs of both the business and end-customers. Assesses the costs and benefits for different solutions and recommend/decide on appropriate designs. Designs solutions, writes code, performs unit testing, develops appropriate artefacts / documentation, and facilitates final delivery. Supports production issues, includes independently completing root-cause analysis and diagnosis. Devises new algorithms and data structures for target environment and platform attributes in alignment with architectural patterns. Builds solutions that are supportable, scalable and achieve our aspiration of common assets. Recommends or automates approaches to streamline and integrate technological processes and/or systems to improve operational efficiency and effectiveness. Supports the management of specific project deliverables & outcomes. Identifies opportunities to strengthen the development capability, such as: sharing expertise to promote technical development, mentoring employees, building communities of practice and networks. Stays abreast of industry technical and business trends through participation in professional associations, practice communities & individual learning. Focus is primarily on business/group within BMO; may have broader, enterprise-wide focus. Provides specialized consulting, analytical and technical support. Exercises judgment to identify, diagnose, and solve problems within given rules. Works independently and regularly handles non-routine situations. Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed. Qualifications: Typically between 5 - 7 years of relevant experience and/or certification in related field of study or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Advanced level of knowledge in domain. Knowledge of software development practices, concepts, and technology obtained through formal training and/or work experience. Knowledge of required programming languages and can code with little oversight. Knowledge of technical/business environment and processes. Understand functional aspects and technical behavior of the underlying operating system, development environment, and deployment practices. Have facility with and understanding of the ecosystem that code operates in. Deep knowledge and technical proficiency gained through extensive education and business experience. Verbal & written communication skills - In-depth. Collaboration & team skills - In-depth. Analytical and problem solving skills - In-depth. Influence skills - In-depth. Data driven decision making - In-depth. 
ScrapedJobID1186:
Régime d’épargne retraite avec contribution de l’employeur Cheminement de carrière et développement professionnel Mentorat et parrainage Perfectionnement continu (Accès aux formations et certifications IBM et plus) Compte mieux-être Télémédecine Horaire de travail flexible Encore plus d’avantages sociaux ! Rejoindre l'équipe de développement en tant que développeur hybride, axé sur la pile technologique Angular/React. Participer au développement de projets clients : nouvelles applications, développement de nouvelles fonctionnalités sur des applications existantes et maintenance. Participer à la revue de conception : travailler avec les concepteurs de solutions et d'applications pour assurer une architecture robuste. Rédiger des tests unitaires et garantir les normes de développement les plus élevées, en suivant le cycle de développement de logiciels. Se joindre à des équipes travaillant dans un processus Agile/Scrum ou Waterfall. Avoir travaillé avec une architecture orientée services (API REST et JSON/XML). Fournir et soumettre des révisions de code, vérifier les tests de code et effectuer la coordination avec l'équipe d'assurance qualité. Aider activement à la révision des codes de l'équipe. Travailler avec les propriétaires de produits ou les intervenants pour comprendre chaque récit de développement. Offrir des services d'encadrement et de mentorat. Utiliser la collaboration d'équipe pour créer des solutions novatrices de manière efficace. Au moins 3 ans d'expérience - Angular 5 ou version plus récente ou React, et Typescript et rédaction de tests unitaires Expérience avec Node.Js Au moins 3 ans d'expérience - HTML5, cadres de référence JavaScript MVC et conception réactive Au moins 1 an d'expérience - cadres de référence JavaScript MVC/MVVM (version ECMAScript : es5 à es7) Au moins 1 an d'expérience - compatibilité multinavigateur Au moins 1 an d'expérience - préprocesseurs CSS (LESS/SASS) Intéraction avec les bases de données relationnelles (PostgreSQL/Oracle, DB2, MySQL, etc…) Expérience de travail avec GIT ou BitBucket Bonne compréhension du cycle de développement de logiciels et capacité de rédiger un code efficace, concis et réutilisable Bilinguisme : français-anglais Connaissance sur les regles d'accessibilité (WCAG) Expérience sur les tests d'intégration (selenium ou cypress) Expérience avec les bonnes pratiques CI/CD et des outils tels que Jenkins. Expérience avec le Responsive et Mobile design Expérience avec les Reactive Forms Expérience avec les Schematics Familiarisé avec les principes DRY et SOLID Familiarisé avec les meilleures pratiques de performance d'Angular (stratégie de détection des changements, Trackby, Lazy loading, Web Worker, etc ...) Connaissance de méthodologies css (BEM, Atomic, etc ....) Connaissance du pattern micro-front-end Chez LGS, nous offrons des solutions d’affaires, des services professionnels et des ressources à valeur ajoutée. Notre expertise touche principalement : l’infonuagique, les services applicatifs, l’analyse cognitive & l’intelligence artificielle ainsi que les services d’appoint. Retirement savings plan with employer contribution Career and professional development Mentoring and sponsorship Ongoing development (Access to IBM training and certifications and more) Wellness account Telemedicine Flexible work schedule Join the development team as a Hybrid developer, focused on Angular/React technology stack Participate in the development of client projects: new applications, new feature development on existing applications, and maintenance Write unit tests, and ensure the highest development standards; following SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) Participate in teams working in an Agile/Scrum or Waterfall process Having worked with Service Oriented Architecture SOA (REST APIs and JSON/XML) Submit code reviews, verify code testing and coordinate with the QA team Work with the Product Owners or Stakeholders to understand each development story Ability to work independently on tasks and deliver with a high-level of quality Ability to work in teams and be open to comments and feedback Ability to learn quickly and to adapt to a fast-paced environment 3+ years experience with Angular 5 or a more recent version or React and Typescript and writing Unit Testing Experience with Node.Js 3+ years experience with HTML5, JavaScript MVC frameworks, and responsive design 1+ years experience with JavaScript MVC/MVVM frameworks (ECMAScript version: es5 to es7) 1+ years experience with Cross browser compatibility 1+ years experience with CSS preprocessors (LESS/SASS) Interaction with API Calls Experience working with GIT or BitBucket Solid understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and ability to write clean, concise and reusable code Bilingual: English and French Experience working with Messaging Queues (RabbitMQ, MQTT, etc…) Knowledge of web security and authentication principles (asset) Working with JIRA and Confluence Mobile development on IOS (Swift/ Objective-C) or Android (Java/Kotlin) Experience working with clients and client projects, both onsite and with remote offshore teams Knowledge of store management (ngrx) and reactive programming (rxjs), would be an asset Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) Integration testing (selenium ou cypress) Experience with CI/CD best practices and tools such as Jenkins Experience with Responsive and Mobile design Experience with Reactive Forms Experience with Angular Schematics Experience with Angular Libraries Familiar with angular performance best practice (Change detection strategy, Trackby, Lazy loading, Web Worker, etc ...) Familiar with DRY and SOLID principles Knowledge of css methodology (BEM, Atomic, etc ....) Knowledge micro-frontend pattern Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Horaires flexibles Programmes de Bien-être REER Collectif Tenue Décontractée Travail à Distance Du Lundi au Vendredi Heures supplémentaires majorées 
ScrapedJobID1187:
Build, implement, orchestrate, and deploy complex integration patterns using the API-led connectivity Interpret requirements to develop MuleSoft services and integrations in continuous integration/continuous deployment using Agile methodology Design, document, develop and deliver APIs based on information architecture, taxonomy analysis, and functional and non-functional requirements Coordinate certain activities performed by systems analysts (developers) during software development, configuration and design Review code to ensure development standards are respected and are compatible with the software, analysis and design, following “best practices” for documentation Collaborate to develop functional specifications in order to understand the business's solutions and complexities Ensure quality and stability of delivered APIs through detailed analysis, design and implementation as well as test cases, and by developing automated tests to validate proper functioning Perfect and ensure the proper execution of unit tests, and repair failures prior to delivering the software to Quality Assurance. Participate in the implementation in various environments (test and development) up to production Adapt to changing technology, learning and applying new methods for achieving the organization’s goals Act as representative of the API team in various initiatives and projects in order to maintain the software's sustained functionality from an infrastructure and configuration perspective. Programming skills using J2EE, JMS, SOAP / REST Web Services, XSLT, CXF Experience with MuleSoft Enterprise Edition on Premise and RTF Understanding of underlying MuleSoft architecture with experience of server administration and physical deployment (On Cloud, On Premise and Hybrid) Experience orchestrating integration use cases involving multiple systems and complex business logic tying in system, process, and experience API layers Experience coding, designing, and developing RESTful APIs Understanding of various protocols such as REST, HTTP, MQ, AMQP, JSON, and SOA Experience in building common services framework for logging, error handling, configuration, authentication and authorization Experience working with PUB/SUB model of messaging and queues (Kafka, ActiveMQ) Knowledge of web and security standards relating to APIs (OAuth, OIDC, SSL, CORS, JWT) Knowledge of RAML and Swagger Experience in Continuous integration and continuous deployment using Maven, Docker, and MuleSoft an asset Experience with project delivery in agile mode (Scrum, Kanban, DAD) Ability to work independently, sense of initiative and good organizational skills Excellent analytical, documentation and problem-solving skills Bilingual (French and English) 
ScrapedJobID1188:
Close interaction with Business Units, Regional Finance Staff and our shared services team ABS Close interaction with other members of the tax team. Able to work as a member of diverse teams including members from different functional areas such as treasury, accounting & finance, legal and various locations and time zones Timely delivery of tax returns and tax provisions with minimal errors detected on review or subsequent audit Maintenance of files with appropriate documentation to support all tax positions, accounting entries, assessments/audit information etc. Understand and contribute towards the tax team’s KPIs such as cash taxes and ETR measurements Must keep up to date with the federal and provincial income tax rules and regulations. Demonstrated understanding of accounting principles Taking initiative in recognizing problems/issues and proposing appropriate resolutions Knowledge and understanding of business operational concepts Experience with online research materials and tax compliance software Strong organization skills and ability to adapt quickly to change Excellent oral and written communications skills as well as presentation skills Knowledge of accounting and tax within the manufacturing and/or construction industry would be an asset Maintain personal and corporate integrity in all actions Awareness of internal controls providing reasonable assurance of effective and efficient operations, including actions to prevent and detect fraud and protect Company resources Undergraduate degree required in accounting, business, commerce or equivalent experience Professional accounting designation required (CA, CMA, CGA or CPA) A minimum of 2-3years of large corporation accounting and tax. Previous work in a similar industry would be an asset CPA in-depth tax course completion or willingness to complete Advanced computer proficiency – significant spreadsheet skills Experience with online tax research tools, materials. Familiarity with different tax software packages including databases and SAP an asset Awareness of the tax legislation and accounting principles Strong organizational skills and ability to adapt quickly to change Excellent oral and written communications skills as well as presentation skills Action Oriented Priority Setting Business Acumen Decision Quality Functional/Technical Skills Interpersonal Savvy Problem Solving Customer Focus Organizing 
ScrapedJobID1189:

ScrapedJobID1190:
Analyser les spécifications fonctionnelles : Comprendre les principaux systèmes bancaires afin de déterminer l'ampleur des changements requis; Évaluer et prendre des décisions de conception; Préparer le document de conception technique pour les projets importants ou complexes : Préparer les documents de conception technique conformément aux meilleures pratiques internes et externes; Organiser des réunions de conception et obtenir les autorisations requises; Préparer les estimations des efforts requis pour la conception, la programmation et les tests unitaires. Être responsable de la conception, codage et débogage de programmes complexes : Gérer tous les efforts de programmation, quelle que soit leur complexité; Respecter les normes internes de programmation des systèmes d'information; S'assurer que les programmes sont écrits de manière aussi précise et efficace que possible; Appliquer les nouvelles fonctionnalités et les dernières mises à jour disponibles dans le langage de programmation; Participer à l'élaboration de documents détaillés d'instructions de test pour le groupe d'assurance de la qualité; Recommander la meilleure méthode possible pour développer plus rapidement de nouvelles applications en se tenant au courant des nouveaux frameworks et des meilleures pratiques. Trouver, définir et corriger les problèmes de programme signalés : Analyser et résoudre les causes profondes des problèmes du système; Identifier les faiblesses et améliorer la fiabilité du code. Assurer la communication de l'état d'avancement des grands projets au responsable du développement logiciel ou au chef de projet : Fournir des mises à jour hebdomadaires sur l'état d'avancement des grands projets; Consulter le responsable sur les décisions et les contraintes de conception; Recommander de nouvelles politiques ou procédures. Fournir un soutien technique et une formation au personnel responsable des systèmes : Servir de point de contact pour répondre aux questions concernant tous les aspects (ou toutes les composantes) du système; Participer à des réunions et à des ateliers avec les utilisateurs et les analystes commerciaux; Assurer le mentorat des développeurs de logiciels moins expérimentés. Évaluer les solutions des fournisseurs ou des sous-traitants : Recommander la meilleure solution fournisseur. Formation universitaire en informatique ou dans un domaine connexe et Un minimum de 6 ans d'expérience. Toute autre combinaison d'éducation et d'expérience pourrait être considérée; Très bonne connaissance des langages .Net, C #, FetchXML, JQuery / AJAX, Javascript, SOAP; Bonne connaissance de MVC (version utilisée MVC 6); Bonne connaissance de la technologie CRM; Bonne connaissance de TFS, Visual Studio, de la suite Office; Bonne connaissance des bases de données SQL Server, SSRS; Capacité à travailler sous pression (incidents, délais courts et plusieurs dossiers en même temps); Capacité à communiquer facilement avec les utilisateurs; Capacité à travailler en équipe et en mode collaboratif; Aptitudes analytiques et capacité avérée à résoudre des problèmes; Autonomie, pro activité dans le traitement des demandes; Dynamisme et orientation vers les résultats; Souci du travail bien fait et du respect des délais; Sens des responsabilités; Bilinguisme (anglais et français, oral et écrit) Atouts : Connaissance de Knockout; Connaissance de Moment.JS, Spinner.JS; Connaissance de SharePoint; Connaissance de Razor; Certification Microsoft Dynamics CRM; Connaissance de l'infrastructure du système CRM; Connaissance de MS Active Directory. Analyze the functional specifications: Understand key banking systems to determine the extent of changes required; Evaluate and make design decisions. Prepare technical design document for large or complex projects: Prepare technical design documents in accordance with internal and external best practices; Organize design meetings and obtain required permissions; Prepare the estimates of the efforts required for the design, programming and unit tests. Design, coding and debugging of complex programs:; Manage all programming efforts regardless of complexity; Adheres to internal standards for programming information systems; Make sure that programs are written as accurately and efficiently as possible; Apply the new features and the latest updates available in the programming language; Participate in the construction of detailed test instruction documents for the Quality Assurance group; Recommend the best possible method to develop new applications faster by keeping abreast of new frameworks and best practices. Finding, defining and correcting reported program issues: Analyze and resolve the root causes of system problems; Identify weaknesses and improve the reliability of the code. Communication of the status of major projects to the software development manager or the project manager: Provide weekly updates on the status of major projects; Consult the manager on design decisions and constraints; Recommend new policies or procedures. Provide technical support and training to personnel responsible for systems: Act as a point of contact to answer questions concerning all aspects (or all components) of the system; Attend meetings and workshops with users and business analysts; Provide mentoring to less junior software developers. Evaluate supplier or subcontractor solutions: Recommend the best supplier solution. University education in computer science or a related field and A minimum of 6 years of experience. Any other combination of education and experience could be considered; Very good knowledge of .Net, C #, FetchXML, JQuery / AJAX, Javascript, SOAP languages; Good knowledge of MVC (version used MVC 6); Good knowledge of CRM technology; Good knowledge of TFS, Visual Studio, Office suite; Good knowledge of SQL Server, SSRS databases; Ability to work under pressure (incidents, short deadlines and several files at the same time); Ability to communicate easily with users; Ability to work in a team and in a collaborative mode; Analytical skills and demonstrated ability in problem solving; Autonomy, pro activity in handling requests; Dynamic and results-oriented; Concern for a job well done and meeting deadlines; Sense of responsibility; Bilingualism (English and French, oral and written) Assets: Knowledge of Knockout; Knowledge of Moment.JS, Spinner.JS; Knowledge of SharePoint; Knowledge of Razor; Microsoft Dynamics CRM certification; Knowledge of CRM system infrastructure; Knowledge of MS Active Directory. 
ScrapedJobID1191:
Lively atmosphere Safe work environment On-the-job training Reflect the values of Home Instead Senior Care franchise. Schedule and conduct applicant interviews in an efficient and professional manner. Create a monthly training calendar. Schedule and conduct CAREGiver training and orientation including training required to meet Home Instead® Standards and additional optional training, specifically Alzheimer’s Training. Schedule and conduct CAREGiver annual reviews and all supervision including regular performance conversations, accountabilities and problem resolution Develop engagement strategies that utilize the 5 CAREGiver needs to promote CAREGiver retention and satisfaction. Work in partnership with the Scheduling Department to coordinate CAREGiver schedules with an emphasis on creating high quality matches and extraordinary relationships. Monitor, mediate, and log client and CAREGiver activity utilizing the software system. Evaluate and update all orientation and training materials as needed Plan, attend, and successfully execute all CAREGiver meetings Develop monthly in-service topics to meet CAREGiver and office needs Develop, plan, and facilitate quarterly CAREGiver meetings Maintain regular attendance at the office to execute job responsibilities Demonstrate open and effective communication with the franchise owner, colleagues, CAREGivers, clients and family members. Conduct Service Inquiries and Care Consultations as needed following the consultative sales process Adhere to all company policies, procedures and business ethics codes and ensures that they are communicated and implemented within the team. Conduct service inquiries, care consultations, client/CAREGiver introductions, and quality assurance visits as deemed necessary. Answer each employment inquiry in a friendly, professional and knowledgeable manner. Perform any and all other functions deemed necessary CAREGiver training conducted in accordance with franchisor requirements 100% of the time Achieve and maintain 85% completion rate of Alzheimer’s training by CAREGivers working for the franchise office Conduct 2 offsite community training sessions per quarter College degree or higher preferred Minimum two years experience in home care, health care or senior-related industry required, an equivalent combination of education and work experience may be considered Must possess a valid driver’s license This position will be responsible for overseeing all of the functions performed by the CAREGiver staff Must have an understanding of and uphold the policies and procedures established by Home Instead Senior Care Must demonstrate knowledge of, and experience in, the senior care industry Must demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills and the ability to listen effectively Must have the ability to work independently, maintain confidentiality of information and meet deadlines Must demonstrate effective interpersonal skills as well as sound judgment and good decision-making skills Must demonstrate discretion, integrity and fair-mindedness consistent with office standards, practices, policies and procedures Must have the ability to organize and prioritize daily, monthly, quarterly and yearly work Must have the ability to establish good working relationships with the franchise owner, office colleagues, CAREGivers and the community Must present a professional appearance and demeanor Must have the ability to operate office equipment Must have the ability to operate HISC technology systems Must be patient and congenial on the telephone Must have computer skills and be proficient in Excel and Word Must have the availability to work evenings or weekends as required Must have the ability to perform duties in a professional office setting Must have the ability to work as a part of a team Must demonstrate excellent organizational skills Bonus pay Company car Extended health care On-site parking Paid time off 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends No 
ScrapedJobID1192:
S’assure de la profitabilité des travaux de service et de la qualité du travail et améliore constamment les opérations de support au service. Développe ses employés et collabore dans l’établissement de cédules de formation, de coaching et d'autres mécanismes d’amélioration de la performance. Gère l'aspect de la santé et de la sécurité de son équipe et met en œuvre les mesures correctives et préventives applicables. Valide de façon proactive auprès de la clientèle interne et externe leur niveau de satisfaction vis-à-vis du travail effectué par ses techniciens. Gère l’atteinte des résultats financiers. Gère l’établissement des objectifs de performance (KPI) non corporatifs du service. Met en place des actions d’amélioration continue pour les processus du service. Diplôme d'études professionnelles dans un domaine mécanique ou diplôme d'études collégiales en génie, en gestion des opérations combiné à 5 ans d'expérience en gestion de personnel. Expérience et/ou connaissances en mécanique. Bilinguisme (parlé et écrit) / Anglais et français. Connaissance des logiciels MS Office Habilité à résoudre des problèmes. Autonome, disponibilité et flexibilité, leadership et esprit d'équipe. Habiletés à travailler sous pression. Bonnes connaissances en analyse budgétaire ainsi qu’en réingénierie des processus opérationnels. Ensures the service profitability and the work quality and improves service operations support. Develops employees and participates in the establishment of training schedules, coaching and other mechanisms to improve performance. Manages the health and safety aspect of the team and implements applicable corrective and preventative measures. Validates proactively the internal and external customer's satisfaction level based on the work performed by the technicians. Achieves financial results. Manages the establishment of the field's non-corporate key performance goals (KPI). Implements process' continuous improvement actions. Diploma of Vocational Studies in Mechanic or Diploma of Collegial Studies in Engineering, Operation Management combined with 5 years’ experience in personnel management. Experience and/or knowledge in mechanics. Bilingualism French-English (written and spoken). Knowledge of MS Office software. Ability to solve problems. Autonomous, availability and flexibility, leadership, teamwork and collaboration. Ability to work under pressure. Good knowledge of budget analysis as well as in operational process reengineering. Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Régime d'Achat d'Actions 8 Heures Du Lundi au Vendredi Quart de jour Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1193:
Maintain a Document Management System which will be used to register, organize, maintain, issue and distribute the project plans, documentation, drawings and records; Receive, register, organize, and maintain project documentation relating to design, quality, procurement, construction, commissioning and operations; Maintain the project document numbering system and document templates; Ensure that documents are authorized, issued and distributed correctly; Provide a single coordination point for the management of project documents and records; Monitor the effectiveness of Document Management System and where necessary, identify and implement improvements to maintain efficiency; Manage the project’s paper based systems for the storage, distribution, retrieval of documentation and records; and Other duties as assigned. Provide a high level of quality assurance and technical review on all document management system matters relating to the project; Liaise with document originators and/or designers to ensure accuracy and to resolve discrepancies relating to the Document Management System; and, Ensure the construction, procurement and commissioning teams have access to the correct documentation and conduct regular audits to ensure compliance. Must be able to demonstrate computer literacy in Microsoft Office applications and a engineering or construction oriented Document Management System; Excellent verbal and written communication and presentation skills and the ability to collaborate within an international project team environment; and Familiarity with technical documentation including project plans, technical specifications, engineering drawings, design reports, quality records, software, external standards, procedures, work instructions, safety related documentation and construction records is desirable. Excellent coordination and organizational skills are essential; 5+ years’ document management experience using a document management system; Must possess the ability to organize, schedule and coordinate own workload to meet established deadlines and milestones; Proficient in Microsoft Office, Adobe Acrobat 9 Professional, Publisher, Visio and Photoshop is desirable. Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends No 
ScrapedJobID1194:
Overtime pay Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Accounting: 1 year (required) Chartered Professional Accountant designation (required) No 
ScrapedJobID1195:
Company events Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Work from home Monday to Friday Technical Recruitment: 1 year (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1196:
Medication preparation related activities - The Pharmacy Assistant is responsible for various aspects of medication preparation, including, but not limited to: Responsible for answering all SDMSHN Pharmacy telephone calls. The Pharmacy Assistant deals with inquiries within the scope of their knowledge and within SOPs and Provincial parameters; transfer calls to the pharmacist or other team members as appropriate Inventory - Order pharmacy products and perform quarterly physical counts according to processes and procedures in order to maintain pharmacy inventory levels Ensure proper storage, handling, disposal of drugs in accordance with Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and regulatory requirements Process credit card billings for patients and review each order for accuracy and completeness Record keeping, including timely filing of documents and prescription hard copies Maintain privacy and confidentiality according to provincial and federal regulations Follow Required Operating Procedures (ROPs) and SOPs requirements at all times per company procedure Report all Adverse Events (AE) and Product Technical Complaints (PTC) immediately or as soon as possible upon becoming aware of the event as per current policies and procedures. Cleanroom activities (where applicable) include, but are not limited to: Support orientation and training of staff Demonstrate teamwork, engagement, and apply Blue Culture and Core Values in all interactions Perform other duties as required by Pharmacist or Specialty Pharmacy Manager Pharmacy Assistant Certificate and/or previous pharmacy experience an asset Excellent organizational skills with attention to detail Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment Ability to handle multiple demands made simultaneously under short time constraints Excellent verbal and written communication skills Strong problem-solving skills Knowledge of Pharmacy software systems and MS Office Applications Flexible and adaptable to changes of responsibility reflective of business needs including rotational shifts Overtime may be required occasionally Ability to lift up to 30 pounds 
ScrapedJobID1197:
Analyze blueprints and other documentation to prepare time, cost, materials, and labor estimates. Establish and maintain tendering process, and conduct negotiations. Creates and executes project work plans and revises as appropriate to meet changing schedules and requirements. Conduct Site visits and record information about access, take project pertinent dimensions, and survey existing topography including availability of services such and electricity/parking/access. Identifies resources needed and assigns individual responsibilities. Confer with engineers, architects, owners, contractors and subcontractors on changes and adjustments to cost estimates. Manages project budget. Determines appropriate revenue recognition, ensures timely and accurate invoicing, and monitors receivables for project. Manages day-to-day operational aspects of a project and scope. Prepare cost and expenditure statements and other necessary documentation at regular intervals for the duration of the project. Reviews deliverables prepared by team before passing to client or customer. Prepares for engagement reviews and quality assurance procedures. Minimizes our exposure and risk on project. Ensures project documents are complete, current, and filed appropriately. Follows up with clients, when necessary, regarding unpaid invoices. Analyzes project profitability at completion. Mathematics* -- Knowledge of arithmetic, algebra, geometry, calculus, statistics, and their applications.* Computer Skills – * Necessary : * Microsoft Outlook/Excel/Word/PDF * Windows Explorer and add-ons * Internet Explorer and add-ons * Printers and Faxes * Auto-CAD 2006 & up * Not necessary but considered an asset: * Valid P.Eng. Licence (Strong Asset) * X-Steel/Tekla Software * Administration and Management -- Knowledge of business and management principles involved in strategic planning, resource allocation, leadership techniques, production methods, and coordination of people and resources. * English Language Proficiency -- Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar. Understanding and writing sentences and paragraphs in work related documents, project specification books & blueprints. * Production and Processing -- Knowledge of raw materials, production processes, corresponding sections and properties, quality control, costs, and other techniques for maximizing the effective manufacture and distribution of goods. * Clerical -- Knowledge of administrative and clerical procedures and systems such as word processing, managing files and records, designing forms, and other office tools and terminology. Clear communication skill both written & verbal. French fluency is an asset. * Active Listening -- Giving full attention to what other people are saying, taking time to understand the points being made, asking questions as appropriate, and not interrupting at inappropriate times. * Time Management -- Managing one's own time and the time of others. * Management of Personnel Resources -- Motivating, developing, and directing people as they work, identifying the best people for the job. * Communicating with Persons Outside Organization -- Communicating with people outside the organization, representing the organization to customers, the public, government, and other external sources. This information can be exchanged in person, in writing, or by telephone or e-mail. * Making Decisions and Solving Problems -- Analyzing information and evaluating results to choose the best solution and solve problems. * Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others -- Handling complaints, settling disputes, and resolving grievances and conflicts, or otherwise negotiating with others. * Welding Knowledge -- Some welding knowledge, whether in steel, aluminum, or stainless steel will be considered a strong asset. Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking 8 hour shift Monday to Friday project management: 3 years (required) No 
ScrapedJobID1198:
Provide geotechnical engineering support to mine waste and tailings management projects Carry out engineering data analyses and design work for projects at stages ranging from scoping to detailed engineering and construction Possibly some travel to mine sites to carry out geotechnical investigations, instrument installation, and construction quality assurance for dams Assist with planning and supervising geotechnical subsurface investigations Assist with writing geotechnical reports and technical communications; Provide support to senior geotechnical engineer / geotechnical manager Minimum: Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering (geotechnical, civil or a related field) Registered as a Professional Engineer or Engineer-in-Training (E.I.T) with the Association of Professional Engineers and Geoscientists of Alberta (APEGA) minimum of 4 years of experience (preference given to Oil & Gas [Oil Sands] experience in large civil earthworks construction mining related projects, which include: field construction, performance monitoring, construction quality assurance, inspection and testing) Perform field and environmental investigations for Gas or Oil exploration and construction development projects Proficient in engineering software (Geo-Slope; MineScape; AutoCAD; Microsoft Office) Skilled in data interpretation; analysis and correlation Ability to work independently as well as in a small team setting; and foster effective working relationships with their peers Previous experience in Oil Sands operations will be an asset. Only candidates who are legally permitted to work in Canada will be considered. Registration with APEGA is a condition of employment This position will require successful completion of background reference checks as well as education and credentials verification Overtime pay Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift Holidays Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID1199:
Régime d’épargne retraite avec contribution de l’employeur Cheminement de carrière et développement professionnel Mentorat et parrainage Perfectionnement continu (Accès aux formations et certifications IBM et plus) Compte mieux-être Télémédecine Horaire de travail flexible Encore plus d’avantages sociaux ! Gérer le processus complet de recrutement pour des postes variés et de différents niveaux tout en y assurant un suivi ; Supporter son gestionnaire dans la planification des besoins en recrutement, les stratégies de recrutement et de déploiement de la marque employeur et à l’attraction des talents ; Participer aux entrevues ressources humaines et de qualification technique ; Établir et entretenir une relation de confiance avec les partenaires internes et externes LGS/IBM s'assurer que ceux-ci ont une expérience à la hauteur de la réputation de notre organisation; Produire régulièrement différents rapports, métriques et indicateurs recrutement; Contribuer à l'ensemble des activités de promotion reliées à l'attraction de talents : site Internet, réseaux sociaux, campagnes d'attraction, diffusion par courrier électronique, etc.; Collaborer à des projets liés aux activités, processus et outils de recrutement; Agir comme agent de changement lors de différents projets RH recrutement (mise en place d’outils ou de processus ou d’amélioration) ; Participer à des événements de recrutement (local, national et international) ; Transmettre, à titre de partenaire, ses connaissances en recrutement aux autres membres de son équipe, aux partenaires internes et aux gestionnaires. Niveau d'études : Diplôme universitaire ou collégial dans une discipline appropriée/connexe Expérience : Au moins 4 ans d’expérience pertinente en recrutement TI Expérience concrète comme partenaire d’affaires acquisition de talents dans un environnement corporatif. Expérience en agence sera considérée. Bonne compréhension des différents profils TI Expérience en sourcing et très bonne connaissance des outils de sourcing Connaissance d’un ou de plusieurs progiciels de recrutement (atout) Maîtrise des logiciels bureautiques (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Maîtrise du français et de l’anglais Avoir développé(e) de très bonnes habilités en communication interpersonnelle Posséder une forte orientation service clients Être reconnu(e) pour son autonomie, ses méthodes de travail rigoureuses et sa capacité à gérer les priorités Prendre des décisions de qualité Être orienté(e) vers les résultats et capable de respecter les ententes de niveaux de services Être capable de travailler dans un environnement matriciel Persévérant(e), joueur / joueuse d’équipe. Retirement savings plan with employer contribution Career and professional development Mentoring and sponsorship Ongoing development (Access to IBM training and certifications and more) Wellness account Telemedicine Flexible work schedule Manage the entire recruitment process for various positions at different levels and ensure follow-up; Support the manager in planning recruitment needs, recruitment strategies, deployment of the employer brand and attracting talent; Participate in human resources and technical qualification interviews; Establish and maintain a relationship of trust with internal and external LGS/IBM partners to ensure that they have an experience that lives up to the reputation of our organization; Regularly produce various reports, metrics and recruitment indicators; Contribute to all promotional activities related to talent attraction: website, social networks, attraction campaigns, email distribution, etc; Collaborate on projects related to recruitment activities, processes and tools; Act as a change agent for various HR recruitment projects (implementation of tools or processes or improvements); Participate in recruitment events (local, national and international); Communicate, as a partner, his/her recruitment knowledge to other team members, internal partners and managers. Education: University degree or college diploma in an appropriate/related discipline Experience: At least 4 years of relevant IT recruiting experience Proven experience as a talent acquisition business partner in a corporate environment, Agency recruitment experience will be considered. Good understanding of different IT profiles. Experience in sourcing and very good knowledge of sourcing tools Knowledge of one or more recruitment software packages (asset) Proficiency in office software (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Fluency in French and English Very good interpersonal communication skills Possess a strong customer service orientation Be recognized for his/her autonomy, rigorous work methods and ability to manage priorities Make quality decisions Results-oriented and able to respect service level agreements Ability to work in a matrix environment Persistent and team player. Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise Horaires flexibles Options d'Achats d'Actions Programme d'Aide aux Employés Programmes de Bien-être Réductions Tarifaires REER Collectif Stationnement sur place Tenue Décontractée Travail à Distance Du Lundi au Vendredi Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1200:
Gère les projets de ventes de moteurs industriel Caterpillar et Perkins Supporte les activités de ventes de pièces Perkins Gère le retour et les crédits pour le noyaux de pièces Perkins Coordonne les activités des opérations, d’achats et de travaux en atelier pour ses projets Fait le suivi (coût, cédule, qualité). Évalue et applique les correctifs nécessaires pour respecter l'enveloppe budgétaire estimée et les échéanciers des projets. DEP ou DEC en mécanique combiné à 3 ans d’expérience pertinente Bilinguisme (parlé et écrit) Connaissance des logiciels MS Office, d’un système en gestion manufacturière et/ou du système DBS, et de SAP (un atout) Expérience en gestion de projets, un atout Manages Caterpillar and Perkins industrial engine sales projects Supports Perkins parts sales activities Manages Cores return and credits for the Perkins parts Coordinates operations, procurement and workshop activities for its projects Follow-up (cost, schedule, quality). Evaluates and applies the necessary corrective measures to respect the estimated budget envelope and the project deadlines Dep or Dec in mechanical combined with 3 years of relevant experience Bilingualism (spoken and written) Knowledge of MS Office software, a system in manufacturing management and / or DBS, and SAP (an asset) Project management experience an asset Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Régime d'Achat d'Actions 8 Heures Du Lundi au Vendredi Quart de jour Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1201:
Réaliser le développement des rapports et tableaux de bord dans le respect des Modifier les rapports et tableaux de bord existants afin de répondre aux besoins Effectuer les essais et l"assurance qualité des développements avant la mise en Assurer la performance des rapports et tableaux de bord développées Assurer le support de premier niveau des produits informationnels Travailler en étroite collaboration avec les équipes de gestion de l"information afin Assurer le lien avec l"équipe de l"entrepôt de données afin de spécifier les besoins et Participer au profilage des données des systèmes sources Tester les extractions et les requêtes afin d"assurer la qualité des données Créer des tables de faits, de dimensions, et des vues pouvant être utilisées dans les Créer des champs calculés directement dans les bases de données pour supporter Participer aux discussions et aux ateliers de gouvernance Proposer et utiliser les définitions et le lexique d"entreprise Assurer la conformité et l"alignement des indicateurs clefs de performance Recueillir les besoins d"affaires et ceux des clients et utilisateurs Organiser et conduire des séances de travail afin de développer et proposer des Effectuer l"analyse détaillée des besoins et rédiger les spécifications détaillées afin de Participer et conduire des réunions et des revues d"avancement des projets avec les Analyser, cartographier et schématiser les systèmes et les processus d"affaires Créer et supporter la mise en place d"une architecture des données Proposer les meilleures solutions possibles afin d"atteindre les objectifs de l"unité Proposer des indicateurs clefs de performance pertinents Rédiger la documentation des produits informationnels afin d"en permettre une Supporter le déploiement du portail web pour la diffusion des différents rapports et Mettre en place une structure temporaire pour le traitement et la transformation des Supporter l"automatisation des tâches de rafraichissement des données, des rapports Proposer et développer des solutions numériques afin de permettre le suivi des Participer aux initiatives en science des données (apprentissage machine, prévision, Diplôme universitaire en génie, en science informatique, en intelligence d"affaires ou en Diplôme universitaire de 2e cycle en intelligence d"affaires, en science des données, ou Idéalement 1 à 4 ans d"expérience, mais ouvert aux nouveaux diplômés Maîtrise du français et de l"anglais parlé et écrit Expérience de travail dans le secteur manufacturier ou aérospatial un atout Maîtrise de la suite Microsoft 365 Maîtrise avancée du logiciel Power BI Bonne compréhension des besoins d"affaires, des systèmes et des architectures dans un Expérience dans le développement et l"utilisation de modèles relationnels et Bonnes connaissances SQL (fonctions de fenêtre, requêtes imbriquées, tables Expérience de programmation dans un contexte d"analyse de données (ex. VBA, Python, Connaissances de base de SAP, PLM, Jupyter et HDFS un atout Connaissance de la méthodologie agile Connaissance des plateformes en gestion de projets et partage de codes (ex. Azure Le poste est présentement offert en télétravail. Un retour au bureau sera possible lorsque L"horaire de travail est flexible Une analyse de cas sera demandée aux candidats présélectionnés afin de valider les Develop reports and dashboards in compliance with Modify existing reports and dashboards to meet needs Perform tests and quality assurance of developments before implementation Ensure the performance of reports and dashboards developed Provide first level support for information products Work closely with information management teams to Liaise with the data warehouse team in order to specify the needs and Participate in the profiling of data from source systems Test extractions and queries to ensure data quality Create tables of facts, dimensions, and views that can be used in Create calculated fields directly in the databases to support Participate in governance discussions and workshops Propose and use the definitions and the business lexicon Ensure compliance and alignment of key performance indicators Collect business needs and those of customers and users Organize and lead working sessions in order to develop and propose Perform detailed needs analysis and write detailed specifications in order to Participate and lead meetings and project progress reviews with Analyze, map and map systems and business processes Create and support the implementation of a data architecture Propose the best possible solutions in order to achieve the objectives of the unit Propose relevant key performance indicators Write the documentation of information products in order to allow Support the deployment of the web portal for the distribution of the various reports and Set up a temporary structure for the processing and transformation of Support the automation of data refresh tasks, reports Propose and develop digital solutions to allow the monitoring of Participate in data science initiatives (machine learning, forecasting, University degree in engineering, computer science, business intelligence or 2nd year university diploma Ideally 1 to 4 years of experience, but open to new graduates Fluency in spoken and written French and English Work experience in the manufacturing or aerospace sector an asset Proficiency in the Microsoft 365 suite Advanced knowledge of Power BI software Good understanding of business needs, systems and architectures in a Good SQL knowledge (window functions, nested queries, tables Programming experience in a data analysis context (eg VBA, Python, Basic knowledge of SAP, PLM, Jupyter and HDFS an asset Knowledge of agile methodology Knowledge of project management and code sharing platforms (eg Azure The position is currently offered by telecommuting. A return to the office will be possible when The work schedule is flexible A case analysis will be requested from shortlisted candidates in order to validate the 
ScrapedJobID1202:
Être responsable de l’assemblage électronique de documents de clients personnels et d'entreprise à l'aide d'Adobe Acrobat et autres systèmes; Être responsable de l’assemblage et finalisation des livrables fiscaux par voie électronique; Organiser, photocopier et numériser les feuillets des contribuables et autres documents; Collecter et livrer des dossiers au personnel; Saisir, formater et modifier des documents standard et non standard à l'aide de MS Word, Excel et Adobe et autres logiciels selon les besoins (par exemple, correspondance, rapports, présentations, etc.); Assembler les trousses de déclaration de revenus électroniques et papier et les poster sur le site Web sécurisé; Faxer, photocopier et numériser des documents et les télécharger dans la base de données Global Office et dans notre système de gestion de documents, TAX DMS; Maintenir les listes de suivi d'équipe et imprimer les rapports d'avancement des travaux sur une base hebdomadaire; Maintenir les manuels et les listes de contrôle pour le travail au besoin; Coordonner avec les autres départements pour assurer la production en temps opportun des documents. Solide compréhension de MS Office et de la suite Google, y compris de solides compétences en Word et Excel; Solide connaissance pratique de la manipulation de texte et de graphiques dans des documents et certains; Connaissance du travail dans les programmes PDF; Solides compétences de bureau; Dépôt des documents finaux dans les référentiels LoS (par exemple, Tax DMS), si demandé; Capacité à gérer plusieurs priorités dans le temps imparti et à respecter les délais; Exécuter les tâches avec une grande attention aux détails et maintenir des normes de qualité élevées; Capacité à travailler avec un minimum de supervision. Assembling documents from personal and corporate clients electronically using Adobe Acrobat and other systems; Assembling and finalizing tax deliverables electronically; Organizing, photocopying and scanning taxpayer slips and other documents; Collecting and delivering folders to staff; Type, format and edit standard and non-standard documents using MS Word, Excel, and Adobe and other software as required (e.g. correspondence, reports, presentations etc.); Assemble electronic and paper tax return packages and post to secure website; Fax, photocopy and scan documents and upload in the Global Office database and in our document management system, TAX DMS; Maintain team tracker lists and print work in progress reports on a weekly basis; Maintain manuals and checklists for work as required; Coordinate with other departments to ensure timely production of documents. Solid understanding of MS Office and Google Suite, including strong Word and Excel skills; Strong working knowledge of manipulating text and graphics in documents and some knowledge of working in PDF programs; Strong clerical skills; Filing final documents into LoS repositories (e.g. Tax DMS), if requested; Maintain professional, digital and technical knowledge through the use of firm tools, attending training sessions & establishing personal networks; Understand ethical behavior and business practices and ensure your own behavior and the behavior of others are consistent with these standards and align with the values of the organization; Set priorities, develop a work schedule, monitor progress towards goals, and track details/data/information/activities; Ability to manage multiple priorities in the allocated time and meet deadlines; Execute duties with significant attention to detail and maintain high quality standards; Ability to work with minimal supervision; Communicates regularly and professionally with internal colleagues and with clients via email and phone to obtain and provide information regarding client files and is able to adapt their communication to the specific need, interest and audience. 
ScrapedJobID1203:
Professional development – continuous, industry-leading recruitment training Growth opportunities – increasing our reach within Vancouver and expanding across North America Positive work environment and team mentality – we foster a culture of collaboration, competition, and communication Fun company culture – awesome events, company celebrations, beer on tap. We hire good people, and good people = good times. Simple as that. Great resources – industry partnerships, company cars, in-house marketing team Unlimited earning potential (it’s true!) 100% employer-paid comprehensive medical and dental benefits package 
ScrapedJobID1204:
8 hour shift SAP Technical Architect: 5 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1205:

ScrapedJobID1206:
Responsable d’une portion du processus de la chaine d’approvisionnement ; Responsable des fournisseurs ; Réapprovisionnement ; Coordination des expéditions avec les expéditeurs et les courtiers ; Négociation avec les fournisseurs; Préparer les bons d’achat (PO) pour les fournisseurs en tenant compte de l’inventaire recherché, procéder à la relance auprès des fournisseurs et assurer le suivi. Maintenir le niveau des stocks de façon précise pour éviter le surplus ou la rupture de stock; Évaluation de la performance des fournisseurs en termes de livraison, précision, qualité et partenariat ; Faire un suivi des ruptures de stock, des surplus; Collaborer aux activités de contrôle des inventaires pour en assurer l’exactitude. Nouer et entretenir des relations avec les fournisseurs. Rationaliser et renforcer le choix de fournisseurs. Rechercher les meilleurs prix, conditions et possibilités de réduire les couts et négocier pour y parvenir. Faire les retours de marchandises non conformes. BAC en sciences ou dans un domaine connexe ou expérience pertinente dans un poste similaire ou équivalent; Minimum de 1 à 3 ans d’expérience pertinente dans le secteur des sciences de la vie; Bilinguisme (français/anglais); Connaissance du logiciel FindMolecule est un atout; Maitrise de MS Office (Excel & Access) niveau intermédiaire; Autonomie et organisation; Facilité d’apprentissage des systèmes informatisés ; Esprit analytique et rigueur; Aimer le travail d’équipe; Aimer trouver des solutions à différente problématique; Être un bon communicateur; Les nouveaux employés devront fournir la preuve d’une vaccination complète contre la COVID-19. Plan de boni annuel Soins de santé et dentaire; Assurance invalidité; Assurance-vie; REER avec contribution jumelée de l’employeur; Code vestimentaire décontracté; Horaire flexible; Stationnement sur place gratuit; Formation continue; Développement professionnel. New employees will need to provide proof of a full COVID-19 vaccination. Annual bonus incentive plan. Health and dental care insurance plan; Short- and long-term disability insurance; Life insurance; RRSP employer’s matching program; Casual dress code; Flexible schedule; On-site free parking; Continuing education; Career development. Monday to Friday 8 Heures Oui 
ScrapedJobID1207:
Establish specifications that translate user needs into solutions while observing agreed budgets, timeframes and technical parameters. Design and develop system components, including programming, documentation and testing of solutions. Ensure system quality, security and stability by following development and documentation standards and practices. Work closely with the software integrators and designer for software design, development, configuration and fault correction. Provide second-level technical support to the Help Desk or Operations to resolve production problems. Adapt to changing technology, learning and applying new methods for achieving the goals of the organisation. Adhere to established policies, standards and procedures for ensuring the security and integrity of systems and data. Aide au Transport Quotidien Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Bourses d'Études Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise REER Collectif Tenue Décontractée Travail à Distance 8 Heures Baccalauréat (Souhaité) Microsoft Dynamics 365: 5 ans (Souhaité) Français (Obligatoire) Anglais (Souhaité) 
ScrapedJobID1208:
Ensure safety, security & environmental policies are implemented within the station. Ensure the relevant Standards and Policies as described in Menzies Manuals and local legislation are met by Menzies Aviation employees within the station. Implement the station Emergency Response Plan. Implement Menzies Aviation safety, security & environmental policies and procedures as laid down in the relevant Company procedures in order to achieve consistent standards. Facilitate the distribution of safety, security and environmental alerts to increase awareness within operations. Responsible for driving corporate through hands-on and verbal instructions. Push to reduce Personal Injuries, Aircraft Damage, Environmental and Security incidents by 10% annually. Promote Safety, Security & Environmental awareness within the relevant station operation. Adhere to central and regional operational training procedures. Coordinate/perform and ensure an annual risk analysis takes place in a timely fashion. Working in collaboration with the local or regional management team in developing policies and procedures, ensuring safe systems of work processes are established in order to enhance operational safety knowledge of applicable Health & Safety Legislation. Conduct and/or assist in Health, Safety & Security accidents and / or incident investigations when necessary. Conduct onsite auditing and quality inspections within all areas of the business. Ensures safety and quality audits are conducted, reviewed and closed. Provide timely management reports weekly or monthly as required. Responsible for driving corporate safety, security and environmental programs within the station. To provide guidance & support to operational management on matters of safety, security and environmental. Reviews station employee injury trends and directs corrective action. Conducts Risk Assessments as directed. Ensures that risk Assessments are completed at the station level. Coordinates safety and quality promotion initiatives. Attend weekly, monthly and quarterly safety & security meetings with our airline customers and represent Menzies through the airports Safety Forums as considered by the Safety & Security Manager and/or Station Manager. Continuously improving the process of hazard identification, risk assessments and compliance with the implementation of risk mitigation measures, safe systems of work and controls. Driving the ‘Safety & Security First’ culture throughout the station. Actively promote the companies Safety & Security Management Systems. Supporting the field operation to introduce safe and secure working procedures and proactive audit daily inspections and audits programs. Establish, lead and support the station Health and Safety Committee. Liaise with the local regulatory aviation authorities in order to ensure compliance. Monitor changes in legislation & amend operational requirements accordingly under the direct supervision of the Safety & Security Manager and/or Station Manager. Monitor changes in customer airline procedures in regards to safety, security & environmental matters and amend operational procedures / requirements accordingly under the direct supervision of the Safety & Security Manager and/or Station Manager. To report any significant deficiency in our products, materials and documents. Has the duty to suggest any improvements to working practices especially those relating to safety, security and environmental. Conduct audits, as described in the Quality Assurance Manual, as required. Conduct monthly Health and Safety Inspections and two clean desk inspections a month. Ensure all Safety & Security meetings are held in line with statutory requirements. Report any breaches of statutory requirements or company best practice to management. Implement and support new Safety, Security & Environmental business tools and processes. Providing recommendations to the Station Manager in relation to the on-going development of the Stations Risk and Safety System, Quality Assurance and Security procedures and associated documentation. Reviews & brief key personnel on new legislation and changes in Health, Safety and Security procedures. Ensure a local security programs has been put in place and updated on an annual basis. Lead by examples at all times and provide honest and direct feedback to our employees and colleagues. Open communication with our employees. Ensures tasks are performed in accordance with the Company and Airlines specific procedures and policies. Required to attend the mandatory training imposed by the Company and Airlines as per job role. Any other reasonable duties as requested by a direct or indirect superior manager. Legally able to work in Canada; High school diploma with at least three years of experience in ramp/cargo operations. Experience in environmental, safety, industrial hygiene or related field preferred. Formal OSHA or similar Safety Certification desired Must have valid G or G2 Driver’s License and have a DA; be able to obtain and hold all required security clearances. Ability to effectively communicate verbally and in writing with all levels, including program development and presentation skills. Must be able to work extended hours on short notice when required. Proficient with Microsoft Excel and Word and presentation software. Ability to plan and implement programs A working knowledge of GSE maintenance issues. Understanding of the wider airport operational environment. Must be able to lift up to 70 lbs when required. Experience and understanding of the commercial issues in aviation. Ability to travel for periods of time, occasional at short notice, both domestically and international. Ability to work rotating shifts including weekends, holidays and days off if necessary. Experience of Health and Safety management. No 
ScrapedJobID1209:
Defining and delivering the strategy, plan and implementation of the overall Engineering Solution for the Product. Defining the System development life cycle and defining the process, practices and tools applicable to the product based on the BL / Domain reference system and tailored based on specific constraints Writing the SEMP, organize co-engineering and approving the lower level solution elements engineering plans including those flow down to subcontractors and partners in the frame of the engineering work-packages Directing and providing overall technical and engineering leadership to the team assigned to the product to deliver the Engineering solution to time, cost and quality; this will be done through the accurate measurement of progress on the project using the proper Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) Managing Risks and Opportunities for all product activities Ensuring that the Engineering Processes, practices and tools are applied correctly and appropriately on the product to company, legislative, regulatory and international standards, as defined in the associate product plans Leading the interfacing with the Engineering teams of the client and other external Engineering parties to ensure that the integration and migration of the overall Engineering solution within its infrastructure and associated product is achieved Ensuring that the Product’s Design and other Technical Certification is coordinated, complete and consistent with the delivered and can be provided to projects Management of change, variation, risk and opportunity, recovery and acceleration as it affects the delivery of the Engineering solution with the Product Line Manager Overseeing the development of cost and time estimates for product activities to meet business and project objectives Ensuring that any Corrective Actions and Observations related to the engineering delivery and solution are closed in a timely and complete manner Defining the Engineering skills needed for the product and working with the Engineering Functional Teams to ensure that the Product’s team are competent, developed to their full potential, mobilized and released in a timely and planned manner Ensuring that the Engineering Performance Plan, as defined at Company level, is properly deployed in the Product Monitoring competitiveness KPIs, and leading corrective actions when required Supporting capitalization activities for the product as well as lessons learned Contributing to the Quality Assurance activities by ensuring visibility on the engineering work packages for the product QAM Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent Minimum of 3 years experience managing safety critical software development Must have 3 to 5 years in Rail and Signaling or other related safety critical industry Needs 3 to 5 years of experience managing cross functional teams Should have 1 to 3 years experience managing schedules and budgets Over 5 years experience in Rail and Signaling PMP is an asset Knowledge of MS project, Primavera or other scheduling tools 
ScrapedJobID1210:
Lively atmosphere Safe work environment On-the-job training Reflect the values of Home Instead Senior Care franchise. Schedule and conduct applicant interviews in an efficient and professional manner. Create a monthly training calendar. Schedule and conduct CAREGiver training and orientation including training required to meet Home Instead® Standards and additional optional training, specifically Alzheimer’s Training. Schedule and conduct CAREGiver annual reviews and all supervision including regular performance conversations, accountabilities and problem resolution Develop engagement strategies that utilize the 5 CAREGiver needs to promote CAREGiver retention and satisfaction. Work in partnership with the Scheduling Department to coordinate CAREGiver schedules with an emphasis on creating high quality matches and extraordinary relationships. Monitor, mediate, and log client and CAREGiver activity utilizing the software system. Evaluate and update all orientation and training materials as needed Plan, attend, and successfully execute all CAREGiver meetings Develop monthly in-service topics to meet CAREGiver and office needs Develop, plan, and facilitate quarterly CAREGiver meetings Maintain regular attendance at the office to execute job responsibilities Demonstrate open and effective communication with the franchise owner, colleagues, CAREGivers, clients and family members. Conduct Service Inquiries and Care Consultations as needed following the consultative sales process Adhere to all company policies, procedures and business ethics codes and ensures that they are communicated and implemented within the team. Conduct service inquiries, care consultations, client/CAREGiver introductions, and quality assurance visits as deemed necessary. Answer each employment inquiry in a friendly, professional and knowledgeable manner. Perform any and all other functions deemed necessary CAREGiver training conducted in accordance with franchisor requirements 100% of the time Achieve and maintain 85% completion rate of Alzheimer’s training by CAREGivers working for the franchise office Conduct 2 offsite community training sessions per quarter College degree or higher preferred Minimum two years experience in home care, health care or senior-related industry required, an equivalent combination of education and work experience may be considered Must possess a valid driver’s license This position will be responsible for overseeing all of the functions performed by the CAREGiver staff Must have an understanding of and uphold the policies and procedures established by Home Instead Senior Care Must demonstrate knowledge of, and experience in, the senior care industry Must demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills and the ability to listen effectively Must have the ability to work independently, maintain confidentiality of information and meet deadlines Must demonstrate effective interpersonal skills as well as sound judgment and good decision-making skills Must demonstrate discretion, integrity and fair-mindedness consistent with office standards, practices, policies and procedures Must have the ability to organize and prioritize daily, monthly, quarterly and yearly work Must have the ability to establish good working relationships with the franchise owner, office colleagues, CAREGivers and the community Must present a professional appearance and demeanor Must have the ability to operate office equipment Must have the ability to operate HISC technology systems Must be patient and congenial on the telephone Must have computer skills and be proficient in Excel and Word Must have the availability to work evenings or weekends as required Must have the ability to perform duties in a professional office setting Must have the ability to work as a part of a team Must demonstrate excellent organizational skills Bonus pay Company car Extended health care On-site parking Paid time off 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends No 
ScrapedJobID1211:

ScrapedJobID1212:
Responsible for implementation and overall project delivery of large and Enterprise client projects for new and existing Benevity clients. Collaborate with design and technical resources to scope and deliver projects to maximize client and end user experience Conduct project status meetings and provide regular status reporting to clients, including risk logs for ongoing mitigation Develop Project Charters, Project Plans and Statements of Work to meet client requirements, providing exceptional client and value-added service Own and execute various key project management functions including resource management, internal/client reporting and executive communications As required, conduct key client meetings in person, at client sites such as project kick-off, requirements gathering sessions, status updates, etc. Create detailed project transition documentation leading up to client launches, preparing Relationship Management teams to support client-side administrators and end users post-launch Capture client business requirements for any non-standard requests, ensuring early collaboration with any other Benevity teams impacted, such as Product, Client Success, Data Compliance, etc. as required Serve as a primary point of contact to assigned clients, communicating with clients on various project deliverables, questions and requests via email; exceptional writing skills are a must. Set clear project expectations and timelines required to deliver the outlined scope, coordinating with internal technical and relationship teams to ensure timelines can be met Provide assistance to resolve issues that may arise during the product configuration, testing or post-launch phases that may be required immediate assistance. Perform quality assurance reviews on all work you do and done by technical teams. Lead multiple projects at once while paying strict attention to detail Maintain an in-depth understanding of Benevity's suite of products and services Contribute to the success of the Client Projects team, leading continuous improvement initiatives and providing support to team members, for example Provide coaching and mentoring to other team members, as a senior member of the Client Projects team Manage escalated situations on complex implementations, leveraging internal teams and participating in client calls when required, to de-escalate and ensure the best outcome for the client. Minimum of two years in a technically oriented role. Ability to lead and motivate team members 5-15 years in a Project Management role, preferably in a SaaS environment Experience with MS Office (Excel, Word, etc.) Experience with project planning software such as Microsoft Project, Smartsheet etc. Experience in creating workflow diagrams using Visio, Lucid chart, etc. Experience with internal collaboration tools such as Jira or Confluence, etc. Intermediate HTML knowledge is a plus Experience leading and working with cross-functional and/or remote teams to achieve common goals and client outcomes Excellent communication skills, responding to client requests quickly and competently, demonstrating exceptional verbal and written communication skills. Strong organizational and time management skills Passion for Client Success and going the extra mile, being available after hours if required and helping with non-standard tasks in order to ensure a successful implementation. Strong negotiation skills, managing priorities with internal technical teams or with client-side teams to avoid scope-creep, for example. Detail-oriented multi-tasking working style, managing multiple projects at once while constantly reviewing/updating priorities and paying strict attention to detail. Results-oriented, resourceful and proactive attitude, knowing that delivering on promises is the basis of relationship health and longevity. Good judgment; understanding that both the "how" and the "why" are part of solution-building and keeping the larger picture in mind when considering the path forward. Bilingual French/English proficiency at a fluent, C-level capacity is a bonus 
ScrapedJobID1213:
Overtime pay Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Accounting: 1 year (required) Chartered Professional Accountant designation (required) No 
ScrapedJobID1214:
Accompagner chacun de nos clients dans leur cheminement de vie à l'aide de notre gamme complète de produits et services immobiliers de qualité. Valorisation des actifs commerciaux du portefeuille, Interagir avec les locataires et à maintenir d’excellentes relations en offrant un excellent service à la clientèle, Promotion et location des espaces commerciaux vacants, Négociations des renouvellements et des modifications aux baux commerciaux, Collaborer à la perception des recevables commerciaux, Assurer la conformité des couvertures d’assurances des locataires et fournisseurs Participe à l’élaboration des budgets annuels, Gérer les revenus et dépenses des immeubles, Planification et supervision des travaux aux immeubles commerciaux, Procéder aux appels d’offres et octroyer les contrats d’entretien, Facturation des ajustements annuels de frais communs, Préparation des documents (baux, ententes, avis et lettres) en collaboration avec le service légal, Fournir des informations requises par les autres divisions de l’entreprise, Répondre aux demandes des locataires ou aux urgences après les heures normales de travail (semaine et fins de semaine). Participer à des comités et des réunions; Exécuter toutes autres tâches connexes demandées par la direction générale; Aptitudes à la communication, Excellent sens de l’organisation, Débrouillard(e), diplomate, polyvalent(e), dynamique et autonome, Capacité de travailler sous pression ; bonne gestion du temps et aptitude à gérer plusieurs tâches simultanément, Aptitudes à la gestion et au Travail d’équipe Faciliter l’atteinte des objectifs, Désir d’évoluer dans un contexte de croissance dynamique. Formation en gestion Maitrise de base de Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, Excel) Connaissance du logiciel HOPEM un atout Bilingue (Français et Anglais) Expérience dans le domaine de l’immobilier commercial, Expérience dans l’entretien des bâtiments, un fort atout, 3 ans dans un rôle de gestion Construire 10 000 unités locatives d’ici 5 ans, et 20 000 unités locatives d’ici 10 ans Recruter les 1000 meilleurs candidats d’ici 10 ans afin de développer, concevoir, construire, marketer, louer et gérer les 44 500 unités qui sont dans notre plan de match à long terme. Add value to the commercial assets in the portfolio, Interact with tenants and maintain excellent relationships by providing excellent customer service, Promotion and leasing of vacant commercial space, Negotiate renewals and amendments to commercial leases, Assist in the collection of commercial receivables, Ensure compliance of insurance coverage for tenants and suppliers Participates in the preparation of annual budgets, Manage the revenues and expenses of the buildings, Planning and supervision of work on commercial buildings, Conducting calls for tenders and awarding maintenance contracts, Invoicing of annual adjustments of common expenses, Preparation of documents (leases, agreements, notices and letters) in collaboration with the legal department, Provide information required by other divisions of the company, Respond to tenant requests or emergencies after normal working hours (weekdays and weekends). Participate in committees and meetings; Perform any other related duties as requested by senior management; Communication skills, Excellent organizational skills, Resourceful, diplomatic, versatile, dynamic and autonomous, Ability to work under pressure; good time management and ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously, Management and teamwork skills Facilitate the achievement of objectives, Desire to evolve in a dynamic growth environment. Management background Basic knowledge of Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, Excel) Knowledge of HOPEM software an asset Bilingual (French and English) Experience in the commercial real estate field, Experience in building maintenance a strong asset 3 years in a management role Build 10,000 rental units within 5 years, and 20,000 rental units within 10 years Recruit the best 1,000 candidates within 10 years to develop, design, build, market, lease and manage the 44,500 units that are in our longterm game plan. Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Horaires flexibles REER Collectif Du Lundi au Vendredi Gatineau, QC: Faire le trajet sans problème ou prévoir un déménagement avant de prendre son poste (Souhaité) Êtes-vous légalement autorisé à travailler au Canada? 
ScrapedJobID1215:
Prepare, review, and file federal and provincial tax returns for individual and corporate clients (T1, T2, T3, T4, T5, T5013 etc.) independently and as part of a broader engagement team. This includes: Work closely with the Tax Partners and other senior staff to develop and implement complex tax planning assignments for corporate and private clients. Research and interpret tax issues and prepare memorandums, client letters, and develop opinions on a variety of tax issues. Prepare tax provision and accruals in accordance with applicable accounting standards. Assist in the development and implementation of tax and estate planning strategies. Liaise and be a primary point of contact with tax authorities on tax audits and appeals. Perform advanced technical research and document tax plan recommendations for clients. Maintain a strong knowledge base of Canadian tax rules and regulations, growing this base over time. Establish a requisite knowledge base of cross border, commodity, and transactional tax rules and regulations for specific client segments. This includes a working and growing knowledge of transfer pricing regulations. Collaborate with senior management on file planning and completion with the established time constraints. Provide effective leadership, mentorship, and skills development that support the values of the Firm. Provide personal and attentive service to clients to encourage productive working relationships. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with clients including communication to arrange timing of file work. Develop appropriate knowledge, skills, and competencies consistent with the CPA professional development requirements as well as professional workplace competencies. Other related duties as assigned. CPA designation or tax professional equivalent with a minimum of 5 years’ experience in public accounting or public tax administration. Completion of or working towards completion of the In-Depth Tax Program or Masters of Tax program. Working knowledge of Canadian tax acts (Income Tax Act, Excise Tax Act, Retail Sales Act, Business Corporations Act, Limited Partnerships Act, Not-for-profit Corporations Act, etc.). Proficiency with Caseware and Tax Prep is preferred. Proficiency with Microsoft Office programs (Word, Excel, Outlook, etc.) required. Related experience supporting owner-managed private corporations is an asset. Familiarity with various accounting programs and software is considered an asset. Strong project management, problem-solving, time management and prioritizing skills. Dedication to teamwork, leadership, and integrity within a professional environment. Excellent communication skills, with previous experience in a customer service-related position; strong interpersonal and relationship building skills. Commitment to continuous learning. Commitment to organization and high performance. Reliable vehicle and good driving record required as this role will require limited local travel. Culture of lifelong learning Supportive and collaborative work environment Enthusiastic and participative team spirit Commitment to community engagement Flexible hours to allow for work life balance Casual Friday dress policy Competitive and comprehensive benefits Public Accounting: 5 years (Preferred) Bachelor's Degree (Preferred) CPA (Preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1216:
Prepare for autopsies by obtaining patients' medical records and arranging for radiographic examinations Assist with or perform autopsies and surgical specimen examinations under pathologists' supervision Dissect, examine, weigh and photograph organs and specimens, collect tissue specimens for chemical analysis and record findings Prepare bodies for release to funeral homes following completion of autopsies Supervision of the grossing activities and the morgue facilities, this includes monitoring and processing of all surgical pathology specimens upon arrival in the lab. Aid in the selection of tissue for special procedures such as flow cytometry, estrogen and progesterone receptor analysis, and other procedures which need prompt selection of fresh tissues. Aid in the selection of tissues for research and route them to the appropriate laboratory. Supervise and/or provide technical support for assigned autopsies. Supervise the maintenance of the autopsy/morgue facilities, equipment, disposable supplies, develop and implement policies affecting the grossing/autopsy/morgue services, update the Grossing/Autopsy Service Procedural Manuals, and the autopsy/morgue service portions of the Nursing Manual and the Hospital Policy and Procedures Manual, as required. Prepare quarterly quality assurance reports, monthly workload summary reports, and monthly autopsy service call schedules. Supervise special techniques of specimen preservation and research and develop new applications. May perform other duties as assigned. Minimum Bachelor of Science degree or equivalent required Certification from an accredited PA program and/or member of the AAPA required. 3-5 years related experience preferred. Basic knowledge of human anatomy, macro surgical techniques, general laboratory skills. Understanding of safety and infection control requirements of position. Demonstrated ability to obtain and prepare tissue for evaluation, provide assistance to pathologists, in a timely and quality manner. Proficiency in preparing and maintaining records, use of electronic communications tools and software. A well-defined sense of diplomacy, including solid negotiation, conflict resolution, and people management skills. High degree of resourcefulness, flexibility, and adaptability. Able to effectively communicate both verbally and in writing French language proficiency an asset. 
ScrapedJobID1217:
Facilitate structured learning experiences ( training) for CBI Coordination staff and others as needed Develop and oversee the production of quick reference manuals, training and instructional materials Utilize technology to enhance training through presentations, PowerPoints, video modules etc. Delivery of Orientation for new hires as requested Work closely with Quality Assurance and National Leadership to develop tools and /or metrics to measure effectiveness of training Conduct regular audits on all courses to identify opportunities to update or improve content and incorporate new trends Work with leaders in local sites, NCSC and Standards & Process to identify ongoing opportunities to scale training through strategies such as “train the trainer”, webinar, online modules . Identify training needs and requirements by interfacing with national leadership and local site leaders as needed Work with National Training Manager to create a standardized training experience. Make recommendations for content changes to training materials Participate in discussion and development of standardized workflows as needed Scan the organization and link with CBI teaching and training resources to access existing content and infrastructure to include in training programs Stay abreast of new trends and tools in employee training and development Work with leaders in local sites, NSCS and Standards & Process to ensure all materials are up-to-date with current processes. Maintain current knowledge of CBI training principles and policies, software and research. Ensure that costs such venue or meals are aligned with expectations set by the National Director of Client Services Centres or designate Research, select and book venues or catering when required Create document to track training metrics including module completion, proactive/reactive refreshers, attendance, and specific coordinator skillsets and new hire progress through the initial stages of the Training program. Demonstrated educator/training experience Fluent in both English & French Ability to teach participants at different levels and learning styles Computer skills – Microsoft Office Suite, ability to use and utilize scheduling systems All team members are required to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 and provide proof of vaccination upon hire or provide a valid medical exemption Post-Secondary education in Adult Education, Communications or related field Experience creating training programs and resources Experience tracking and auditing training programs Medical administration would be an asset 
ScrapedJobID1218:
Ensures alignment of cross program IT strategy and planning with company's business goals. Optimizes information management approaches through an understanding of evolving business needs and technology capabilities. Develops a long-term strategic utilization plan for the company's IT systems and helps “as is” architectures become “to be” architectures through phasing and cost benefit analysis. Promotes the use of shared infrastructure and applications to reduce costs and improve information flows. Ensures that projects do not duplicate functionality or diverge from each other and business and IT strategies. Collaborate with other architects and provide an enterprise solution that is scalable, adaptable, and synchronized with the ever-changing business needs. Manages risks associated with information and IT assets through the development, use and promotion of the appropriate standards and security policies. Involved in direct, or indirect, manner with the development of policies, standards and guidelines that direct the selection, development, implementation and use of information technologies within the enterprise. Build employee knowledge and skills in specific areas of expertise. Work to settle architecture differences or conflicts existing across the various architecture layers in the enterprise. Work with various business and IT stakeholders to demonstrate and show business value of enterprise wide, shared infrastructure or to show value of any new strategic platforms being considered. Work with project business and technical staff to capture and validate integration requirements for the project, using industry standard integration and SOA (Service-oriented Architecture) methodologies. Design and deliver high quality integration solutions that satisfy project requirements and meet enterprise needs. Evangelize and explain SOA, integration and other architecture principles, benefits, and technical solutions to business and technical audiences. Own the technical engagement and ultimate success around specific implementation projects; defining implementation architectures, responding to questions, developing a deep expertise in cloud technologies as well as broad know-how around how applications and services are constructed using the cloud. Bachelor’s degree in Management Information Systems/Computer Science or related field or equivalent work experience. Minimum 10+ years of experience in IT enterprise/infrastructure architecture, engineering, operations, application (mobile and web) development, or support. Proven experience of successful software delivery throughout the packaged software implementation lifecycle, including substantial experience of working as a senior architect on multiple projects. Proven experience developing successful API, SOA, and integration solutions in an enterprise environment on one or more industry standard integration suites on multiple projects. Comfortable working on agile-based teams comprised of team members with diverse skill sets (e.g., Quality Assurance Engineers, User Experience Designers, Software Engineers / Architects). AWS, Azure, or Google public/private cloud experience in a production environment. Understand cloud methodologies and technologies and be able to design and implement in AWS, Azure, or Google. Medical / Dental/ Vision benefits available after 30 days of employment Company paid life insurance Paid holidays PTO / 401K / Tuition Reimbursement All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. 
ScrapedJobID1219:
Developing deep knowledge and understanding of platforms within remit to support the change agenda and long-term strategy Providing technical design insight and support to software engineers, technical designers, infrastructure teams and others to support change and run activities on the platform Providing technical leadership of teams of engineers and developers Scope, manage & implement run activity in accordance with the agreed platform strategy for aligned customer areas. Perform value adding governance, design & quality assurance to ensure customer outcome is delivered to the highest standard, whilst ensuring delivery is achieved within agreed budget and timescales for top efficiency Contribute to definition of standards within the Platform, based upon industry standard methodology and aligned with the organization policies, legislation and regulation Identify, manage and control risks and Issues. Recommend appropriate ways of managing risks identified within proposed solutions. Champion process improvements, embedding new ways of working focus on driving up quality of results and the way we operate within the Platform Consultancy and collaboration in relation to system design, capacity management and maintenance. Ensure that changes to the Platform stays in sync with the company architecture standards, or deviations are agreed with the relevant governance authorities Influence Change practices based on the organization strategy and Industry standard methodology e.g. adoption of Software Engineering practices and tooling Manage technical teams in the effective support, maintenance and improvement (otherwise known as ‘Run’) of a defined set of IT services and their underpinning applications Relationship management of associated partners including business, architecture and IT suppliers Responsible for service availability, incidents, problems, vulnerability removal, technical refreshes, disaster recovery, capacity and demand, performance. Compliance with Business Protection Controls and IT Standards which impact Run. Governance over Run activities delivered in the DC through 3rd parties. In particular, guaranteeing delivery to contractual obligations within agreed costs. Proactively manage the DC estate including threat and vulnerability management, technical refresh, disaster recovery, business continuity, risk management, monitoring of critical processes, capacity planning and service resilience. Guarantee the security of the DC estate through management of access recertification, segregation of duties, data protection and integrity Act as gatekeeper to new deliveries into the Production environment ensuring there are no risks to service or continuity Guarantee asset registers such as CMDB are accurate and maintained Review and allocation of Run costs within the Platform to ensure cost transparency Own technical platforms and their long-term integrity and maintainability. Identify, plan, craft and deliver technical activities to maintain technical platform assets. Plan and coordinate deployment, driving delivery of change to meet business needs and agreed commitments Lead and manage a team of software engineers to support development and talent including supply and demand of permanent and GSP staff. This also includes sharing/placing resources in to feature teams Manage and control resources and suppliers ensuring that supply and capability meets agreed commitments including engagement or engineering initiatives Engage with key partners to actively support and coordinate technical deliveries Develop, create and drive platform strategy through operational innovation, using Platform CoE (eg tools, methods, ways of working, etc) Adapt team ways of working and service delivery model to embrace standards, methods, ways of working as developed / agreed with Platform CoE (S/W development processes, tools, Release Process, Test Services, Deployment methods (eg DevOps), etc) Adhere to agreed standards, ways of working, use of tools, processes, etc Platform Managers will require deep expertise in their particular system domain Identify, own and manage the specific key risks and/or IT controls and BP standards that you are identified as the owner and/or nominee for on iCARE or Archer Ensure that issues and actions associated to controls / risks are remediated in a timely manner - outstanding problem solving skills Maintain appropriate records on iCARE or Archer Ensure that controls are sufficiently well designed and operating effectively to keep the risks that they mitigate within the company's tolerance level Report and call out the status of the relevant risks, controls and standards as the need arises The role has operational accountability for a team including platform specialists, platform designers and software engineers (Perm, GSP and Contractors). This includes direct people management accountability for a team of specialists and indirect task management of resources assigned temporarily to run and change activities Drives delivery through matrix team structures, requiring collaboration and management of both internal and external resources Support the team through delegated tasks including: work scheduling, budget monitoring, coaching, mentoring and problem solving, induction, training, and helping with recruitment, performance appraisal and development processes Leaders are accountable for developing the capability of their team and their people and for driving the culture of the organization Establish team sense of ownership to deliver better customer outcomes from the Platform Strong problem-solving abilities and the ability to work efficiently in a fast-paced environment under pressure. Provision of timely, accurate and succinct updates to senior partners that realistically manage expectations in high pressure situations Accountable for dealing with issues and problems (relating to technical work, people, finance, implementation of change etc) that are not routine. Problem solving may require information gathering, analysis, consideration of options and drawing conclusions on a case-by-case basis e.g. . rapid restoration of services with subsequent root cause analysis and prevention are key outcomes. Guidelines and policy can help but at the heart of the role is the exercise of judgment based on professional training and/or experience, and providing leadership to technical resources to deliver high-quality platform services Ability to give high and detailed level understanding of outcomes wanted for technical deliveries, and recognizing dependencies, across all Platform changes Ability to remove delivery issues Provide strategic solutions for deficiencies in process and operational procedures Working with DevOps teams to ensure appropriate input into backlogs and prioritization of delivery in order to address incidents and root causes Delivery of change and/or Acceptance of change from Feature teams into different release pipelines or delivery timeframes Resource alignment to platform and CIO structure due to demand required for scale of deliveries Changes to strategic direction based on the organization or industry operational and technological advances Accountable for identifying, anticipating and inspiring change to improve performance and efficiencies in their platform Create, build and drive the transformation of the Run and Change Platform function embracing modern software and release engineering practices Develop a culture of world class delivery and technical innovation within the Platform by aligning mind sets Providing input into Portfolio Planning in order to address issues, ensure services are supportable and to continuously improve delivery and cost efficiencies of service Driving improved use of approved and budgeted toolsets to support change and run services provision Seeking opportunity and managing the delivery of improved monitoring and automation to improve service and resilience Application of Agile, Scrum and Kanban techniques to manage work Leaders are accountable for developing the capability of their team and their people and for driving the culture of the organization Build effective relationships within the organization across all IT business and service partners, Release and Assurance management Utilize business contacts to get closer to the customer and understand what our customers really want Being collaborative with peers across Release, Assurance and Change to gather feedback, review, build and develop new process for the best improvements, efficiencies and best working practices Platform teams operating within DevOps models Cloud Operations teams Group IT Operations, particularly MIT CISO Service Managers Business customers Change delivery teams Engage and be collaborative with Global Source Partners to extract high performance and gain value for money Drive value and efficiencies from Run and Change provided by external partners and understand industry standard methodology developments including partners of the organization 5+ years experience with Guidewire Integration and JEE technology Demonstrate in depth experience of the Platform they support with practical experience Outstanding knowledge of various standards and best practices associated with this Platform within comparable Demonstrable experience of managing sophisticated high pressurized situations to a successful conclusion. Outstanding ability to manage complex issues ensuring delegated actions are completed to the appropriate standards. Ability to work in an incredibly time-pressured environment Excellent, interpersonal and communication skills, both oral and written. IT Service Management Business orientation, able to translate IT into business terms Ability to influence others effectively to achieve the required outcome ITIL Awareness Degree educated or proven experience Strong background in IT application management Systems Thinking Appreciation of Agile Demonstrable experience of thriving within a fast-paced environment and high pressurized financial services organization A framework for capabilities and skills across IT to further support development and career pathways is being developed Experience with Guidewire is an absolute must have requirement PolicyCenter experience is a huge benefit 
ScrapedJobID1220:
Bonuses Insurance coverage as of Day One Paid vacation and personal days RRSP matching Personal Spending Account (PSA) A modern Continuous Performance Process approach Dynamic and engaged culture Open-concept workspace with spectacular views of the city! Liaise with various internal departments regarding the integration, configuration, and troubleshooting of our proprietary software applications. Create, build, automate and improve the monitoring process and procedures Ensure a high level of availability of our various systems and applications to keep up with our SLAs and OLAs. Secure application systems and perform required daily controls. Execute application systems performance management and monitoring functions. Ensure proper operation of the different environments currently supported and conduct regular tests on them. Work with the team to ensure code delivery processes are followed and respected. Troubleshoot and provide level 3 technical support Ensure all production and non-production issues are tracked and perform the necessary follow-ups and/or escalations with the required internal or external departments. Help provide detailed root cause analysis of issues when they occur and help provide workarounds and solutions. Eliminate recurring technical issues by providing and implementing solid solutions in collaboration with cross-functional teams across multiple sites such as Network Operations, Quality Assurance and Development. University degree in Computer Science, Programming, or equivalent education or experience. Between 5 to 10 years of experience. Good working knowledge of UNIX or Linux and UNIX/Linux shell scripting Networking knowledge Experience in data analysis (SQL) Working knowledge of Perl and Java Knowledge of monitoring tools such as SolarWinds and New Relic Understanding of Jira and Service Now ticketing systems Knowledge of Splunk Knowledge of WebLogic 11 and up, Sun Solaris, RHEL, VM Ware ESX 5, Oracle database, F5 load balancer and global traffic manager (Akamai). Experience in a banking, financial services or credit card processing environment You are familiar and comfortable working in a production environment and are committed to producing high-quality work according to an unpredictable schedule. You are responsible and a solid team player who can work independently and have strong synthesizing and analytical skills. You can multitask and work in a fast-paced environment, often on projects with tight timelines and different/shifting priorities. Good communication skills (spoken and written). Availability for possible after-hours support of the team. Outstanding troubleshooting skills, customer-oriented attitude, detail oriented and organized. 
ScrapedJobID1221:
Microsoft Power BI Microsoft Power Automate Telerik Microsoft Azure - Application deployment and maintenance Database management on Azure Bonus pay Work from home 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1222:
Negotiate, develop, monitor and control the scope of deliverables, work plans, schedules and budgets for all project stages Prior experience in project delivery, project management, and client management is required Develop a detailed work plan for all mechanical disciplines, allocate hours to the work plan and monitor project progress weekly Lead an integrated team in the quality assurance and quality control procedures for all deliverables, specifically the construction drawings and specifications Lead and attend regular coordination meetings Demonstrate an ability to coordinate with other team members and to collaborate with other professional disciplines Maintain a good understanding of the project scope and when changes to the scope occur, negotiate solutions to ensure outcomes meet client expectations and contractual obligations; prepare PCNs as required Ensure timely communications throughout all project phases, develop and maintain meeting minutes, and follow up on all action items Comply with Quality Management System (IQMS) methodology; develop, monitor and control scope, deliverables, work plan, schedules and budget for all project stages Monitor, control and report project progress (% complete) on a monthly basis as part of the project review process Participate in monthly project reviews to review project, budget work plan, schedule and risks Coordinate with contractor, sub-consultants or relevant building authorities to address and document issues with constructability or owner concerns Attend and conduct progress meetings before, during, and after the duration of the project to exchange information and resolve issues or concerns with various key stakeholders; prepare and issue meeting minutes Ensure that all project close out documents are submitted and forwarded to appropriate parties upon completion of the project Act as the primary liaison with the client, contractor and project team Ensure close client relationships are maintained through regular contact; stays informed of changing needs and direction Participate in client planning sessions to prioritize activities and make client presentations as required Maintains and develops positive client relations to ensure business continuity and promote business growth Support new business opportunities by leveraging existing contacts Maximize growth and increase market share by identifying potential business opportunities Manages the operational side of projects by ensuring that project and business risks are identified and mitigated, minimizing unbilled revenue, and following up with accounts receivables to avoid delays in payments Monitor and maintain positive relationships with colleagues, consultants and key stakeholders Participate in the development of comprehensive business solutions that that meet and exceed client objectives for new and existing projects Works to develop strategies for cross-selling and educating clients about the firm’s areas of expertise Provides insight on industry trends Membership in a Relevant professional association is considered an asset Ability to interpret drawings, specifications, addenda to complete mechanical take offs and create an accurate mechanical tender submission Have successfully completed related post-secondary education Proficient in Mechanical engineering systems and design Proficient with Mechanical building system designs, commissioning, permitting and building codes Possess superior leadership, time management and problem solving skills and displays creativity in design P.Eng or EIT designation a definite asset A degree in Mechanical Engineering a definite asset A minimum of 3 years of experience as an Project Manager/Estimator in a commercial setting A desire to continue a career path as an Project Manager Experience with Mechanical Project Management Software - experience with BIM, Revit, Bluebeam or similar CAD software a definite asset project management/estimating: 3 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1223:
Create and execute test cases to thoroughly validate developed ServiceNow solutions against agreed upon business and technical requirements Work with the rest of the team to meet the release testing milestones and deliver high quality ServiceNow solutions on time Register defects and follow the standard defect management process to communicate product issues to project team members and work collaboratively to resolve Maintain the repository of all test cases, suites, and test artifacts of our ServiceNow projects Ensure that the defined QA processes meet auditing requirements Recommend changes to established methods and suggest alternative solutions to improve quality and increase productivity of our Technology Solutions (ServiceNow) team Strong knowledge of QA methodologies within the ServiceNow platform Hands on experience testing custom developed systems Understands business processes and implementations within ServiceNow applications Understanding of different SDLC methodologies like Agile, Waterfall, Iterative Understanding of IT concepts (windows platform, integrations, webservices, reports) 2+ years of hands-on technical working experience as a QA Analyst performing manual testing on ServiceNow application(s) Practical experience with the ServiceNow automated test framework or other automated software testing frameworks General business and IT management process knowledge including, but not limited to ITSM practices Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite including Visio, PowerPoint, and collaboration tools Post-secondary education in Computer Science or Information Systems, or related qualifying work experience Solid problem solving and analytical skills Broad business and management knowledge Ability to work effectively with people at all levels of the organization Client-focused approach with outstanding interpersonal skills The ability to work flexible hours (weekend and after hours shifts when required) Excellent written and verbal communication skills ServiceNow Certified System Administrator (CSA) certification; ServiceNow micro certifications are a plus 
ScrapedJobID1224:
Collaborer étroitement avec les équipes d'ingénierie pour comprendre pleinement les exigences du produit et effectuer des tests approfondis d'un point de vue commercial. Pour valider les exigences du logiciel/système, définir et construire des plans de test, ainsi qu'enregistrer les cas de test fonctionnels et d'intégration. Pendant le développement du produit, exécuter des cas de test sur les versions du logiciel. Reconnaître, caractériser et documenter les défauts ou les améliorations du produit. Faire des suggestions de solutions possibles. Travailler avec un minimum de supervision et être capable d'agir de manière autonome. Suivre les résultats des tests et signaler tout problème ou difficulté dans la base de données des défauts. Au besoin, surveiller et mettre à jour la base de données des défauts, y compris la fermeture des rapports de bogue. Mettre en place et maintenir l'environnement de test, y compris le matériel, les logiciels et l'infrastructure réseau, afin de maximiser la couverture des tests dans plusieurs environnements. Collaborer avec divers secteurs fonctionnels pour résoudre les difficultés, comprendre et transmettre les problèmes de service à la clientèle, et mettre en production des éléments de haute qualité. Une licence ou une maîtrise en informatique, en génie électrique ou dans un domaine lié aux logiciels est requise (une combinaison équivalente d'études et d'expérience sera prise en compte). 3+ ans d'expertise en intégration et validation de logiciels Solides compétences analytiques, y compris la capacité à résoudre les problèmes et à identifier les causes principales. Excellentes compétences en matière de réseaux (couches de données L2/L3/L4, TCP/IP, Ethernet, routeurs, pare-feu, etc.) Capable d'exécuter des tests fonctionnels de systèmes en utilisant des équipements électroniques et de réseau. Expérience de la validation de logiciels embarqués Connaissance du cycle de vie du développement logiciel, avec un accent sur la détection des défauts. Expérience préalable dans un environnement AGILE Expérience DevOps avec Azure Expérience pratique de la conception et de la mise en œuvre de bancs d'essai électriques. Les simulations HIL (Hardware In Loop), SIL (Software In Loop) et MIL (Model In Loop) vous sont familières. Expérience de Linux ou d'un autre système d'exploitation basé sur POSIX Capacité à aider à l'automatisation des tests (Python de préférence) Expérience de la validation de bases de données (MSSQL/Oracle) en matière de rapports Familiarité avec les machines virtuelles (ESXi, vSphere, Docker) Expérience de validation avec les logiciels de cloud computing Familiarité avec une variété de systèmes de coordonnées (EPSG, WKT, etc.) Le bilinguisme (anglais et français) est une compétence précieuse. Connaissance des applications minières Collaborate closely with engineering teams to fully comprehend product requirements and conduct extensive testing from a business standpoint. To validate software/system requirements, define and build test plans, as well as record functional and integration test cases. During product development, run test cases on software releases. Recognize, characterize, and document product flaws or improvements. Make suggestions for possible solutions. Work with minimal supervision and be able to act on their own. Keep track of test findings and report any problems or difficulties to the defect database. As needed, monitor and update the defect database, including bug report closure. Set up and maintain the test environment, including hardware, software, and network infrastructure, in order to maximize test coverage across several environments. Collaborate with various functional areas to address difficulties, comprehend and escalate customer service issues, and release high-quality items to production A bachelor's or master's degree in computer science, electrical engineering, or a software-related subject is required (equivalent combinations of education and experience will be considered) 3+ years of software integration and validation expertise Strong analytical skills, including the ability to troubleshoot issues and identify main causes Excellent network skills (data layers L2/L3/L4, TCP/IP, Ethernet, routers, firewalls, and so on.) Able to execute functional system tests using electronic and networking equipment Validation experience with embedded software Knowledge of the software development life cycle, with a focus on defect detection Previous experience in an AGILE environment DevOps experience with Azure Hands-on experience with the design and implementation of electrical test benches HIL (Hardware In Loop), SIL (Software In Loop), and MIL (Model In Loop) simulations are all familiar to you. Linux or other POSIX-based operating system experience Ability to help with test automation (Python preferred) Database validation (MSSQL/Oracle) reporting experience Familiarity with virtual machines (ESXi, vSphere, Docker) Validation experience with cloud software Familiarity with a variety of coordinate systems (EPSG, WKT, etc) Bilingualism (English and French) is a valuable skill. Knowledge of mining applications 
ScrapedJobID1225:
Ensure all communications are handled timely, efficiently and professionally. Provide analytical assessment of day to-day issues; as well as strategic opportunities for improvement with customer. Develop allocation plans to optimize constrained availability against prioritized demands. Provide oversight in relation to electronic trading partners and operational execution. Generate daily, weekly and monthly visibility, data quality, and KPI reports. Perform analysis on key KPIs to determine when KPIs are out of acceptable tolerances, determine root causes, and to identify unfavorable trends requiring attention. Drive resolution of weekly exceptions to ensure rapid decision making and timely execution. Responsible for standardizing operations processes, documenting in shared folders and preparing for/implementing new processes and policies. Collaboration with external service providers to troubleshoot and ensure the smooth flow of cargo. Escalation to client(s) when external partners electronic milestones are late or inaccurate. Provide analysis and recommendations which create cost and efficiency savings. Provide excellent customer communications throughout projects to ensure customer satisfaction with project scope, plans and progress towards completion. Provide regular and ad-hoc reporting. Along with your Manager, serve as the conduit between the customer community (internal and external) and the software development team to develop system upgrades to support business and customer needs, including tracking, tracking and reporting inland performance to both customers and management Perform other job-related duties as required. Provides training and guidance to other internal teams relating to SOPs and all customer procedures and requirements. Minimize Demurrage and Detention. If client responsibility, ensure clients know why Maintain frequent contact with assigned clients to discover, discuss, document and follow up on all important issues. Communicate workload, PTO & holiday plans to management and coordinate / train with assigned backup to ensure all assigned clients have adequate coverage. Ensure all SOP/IOPs are adhered to and shortfalls are corrected quickly. Review all IOP/SOPs quarterly. Report internal and external performance to DCM management, PM / GPD / KCM / BDM, and others. Participate in quarterly business reviews (QBR) with large customers. Collect, validate, consolidate, monitor and report any significant customer requirements, expectations and trends. Support DCM management for all enquiries and advise in areas of expertise. Create, maintain & follow up on open issue log with client and drive action plan(s). Raise scope creep concerns to DCM management and PM / GPD / KCM / BDM. Meet internal KPIs, and if below - drive performance upward. Ensure internal KPIs are aligned with customer agreed KPIs and that there is one data set that reflects each. Review operational processes on a regular basis and share best practices with other DCM team members. Report periodically on assigned client performance to DCM manager. Represent the account(s) during all implementations and work together with the implementation manager and DCM manager to ensure smooth onboarding. Work closely with GSC team to ensure good flow of communication and shared best practices. Quarterly audit for revenue leakage. Avoid practices and errors that can expose the DCM group to Demurrage and Detention. Raise potential Demurrage and Detention issues to the DCM manager when first detected. HSSE. Customer Satisfaction Survey (NPS) and customer agreed KPIs. Service delivery levels: Internal operational KPIs. Demurrage and Detention, YoY comparison. Best practice sharing with DCM team members. Composure (high capacity for stress). Assertive/decisive and pro-active. High sense of urgency and persistence. Confidence in dealing with people and building relationships. Ability to problem solve and recommend appropriate course of action: analytical and structured approach. Able to give constructive feedback and challenge where appropriate. Ability to interface well with internal and external operation stakeholders  * Highly customer centric. Basic continuous Improvement techniques and metrics-driven. Good verbal, writing, and presentation skills. Highly proficient in MS Excel to include filters, pivots, and formulas. Ability to create ad-hoc client reports in MS Excel. 2+ years' experience with a proven track record in the international containerized transport industry. 2+ years' experience in customer service and internal relations. 2+ years' experience with drayage and port activity. 2+ years' experience managing carrier and international logistics performance monitoring and reporting. 2+ years' experience analytical skills combined with detailed practical business acumen. 2+ years' experience with Billing. Advanced experience in Microsoft Excel, including filtering, pivots, Boolean formulas, and V-lookups. Mission focus. Must possess the mindset and desire to work & collaborate in a team environment. Must possess a self-starter attitude. Ability to work in a fast-paced and demanding operational environment, sometimes without detailed direction. Proven ability to identify improvement opportunities and perform business and cost analysis to make recommendations. Working simultaneously on multiple, complex projects. Ability to work independently, typically initiating own tasks without input/guidance from manager. 
ScrapedJobID1226:
Performs analysis and design duties as well as programming, modelling and scripting, testing, documentation and deployment preparation. Coordinates and prepares needs analysis and detailed component design. Conducts user interviews to determine detailed systems requirements. Completes preliminary analysis, system and functional design, workflow diagrams for quality systems development. Prepares front-end prototypes and mockups of user interface. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains shared JavaScript libraries and components. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains HTML5 and hybrid mobile apps. Designs and develops systems that comply with access and privacy legislation. Coordinates and develops program specifications and documentation. Designs and conducts all levels of testing i.e. unit, system, integration, regression, performance, security, usability, optimization/configuration and coordinates user acceptance testing. Liaises and coordinates with internal and external consultants in detailed systems deliverables and technical problem resolution. Implements enterprise in-house developed/custom/packaged systems, component releases, and systems changes. Tests integrated systems to ensure system compatibility and proper functional integration. Provides application maintenance and enhancement including implementation of vendor systems fixes and patches. Conducts quality assurance on departmental and external developments. Develops systems interfaces between enterprise and divisional systems. Performs information and application data conversions. Provides development support to users by providing technical assistance and troubleshooting. Provides documentation and instruction/training to users of the system. Designs and develops application security interfaces to enable clients in controlling and administering access to their systems. Provides expertise, advice and technical skills for information and application service delivery. Conducts research and evaluation of hardware/software/framework and makes recommendations. Recommends, presents and demonstrates system solutions to City management and corporate business clients. Conducts presentations, system demonstrations and system walk-throughs at project review meetings. Participates as a team member in the execution of project plans providing technical expertise and advice re: architecture, development tools, work effort estimates. Contributes to project charters, statements of work and project plans, project status reports and variance explanations, risk identification and mitigation planning. Conducts research, investigates and recommends best practices for information and application services. Contributes to post-implementation project reviews. Recommends improvements to current methodologies, processes, standards, policies and guidelines. Contributes in planning of future system growth and provides detailed work plans. Participates in enterprise projects. Conducts feasibility studies. Contribute to business cases, RFI/P/Q's, technical reports by researching and participating in evaluations and recommending solutions. Determines user training needs. Extensive experience in business system analysis, rapid application development and programming in a large, diverse computing environment. Extensive experience in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, and Bootstrap Extensive experience in using REST APIs, including JSON and XML APIs Experience creating program specifications and code documents including use cases, business process models, swimlane process, entity relationship diagrams, class and component models Experience developing and/or maintaining large scale information technology applications Experience in working effectively with a group of multidisciplinary staff in a project team setting. Post-secondary education in computer science or a related discipline, or the approved equivalent combination of education and/or experience. Ability to effectively communicate orally and in writing. Strong inter-personal skills with the ability to work effectively as a member of a team, collaboratively with others in multidisciplinary team environment and work independently, as required. Ability to be self-motivated and work with minimal supervision. Ability to negotiate effective resolution of conflicting business priorities with corporate business Strong analytical, problem solving, listening and interacting skills. Demonstrated business acumen to establish and maintain effective consulting relationships with corporate clients and vendors, using a strong customer service orientation. Ability to work with competing demands, prioritize and meet deadlines. Knowledge of hybrid mobile apps development and Cordova is an asset. Knowledge of current and emerging technologies relating to data warehousing, e-service, quality assurance tools, data retention and document management/imaging. Experience in the following is an asset: Java, iOS mobile app development, Android mobile app development, OData, SAP Fiori, SAP UI5, SharePoint 2013, Oracle PL/SQL, Software AG WebMethods, web communication, Scrum rapid application development methodology. Ability to be on call for support of production systems. Willing to work flexible hours including days, afternoons, nights and weekends, as required. 
ScrapedJobID1227:
Examiner les dessins de conception dans le but de développer des programmes d'usinage CNC pour les centres d'usinage à 4 et 5 axes. Cela comprend la programmation de familles de pièces pour l'efficacité et la continuité afin d'éliminer les changements majeurs de réglage de la machine et de réduire les temps de cycle pour améliorer l'efficacité de l'usinage. Programmer l'équipement CNC en sélectionnant les outils de coupe, les montages et les réglages appropriés et en élaborant des fiches d'opération pour chaque pièce usinée particulière. Assister les opérateurs de machines dans l'édition des programmes, le dépannage des problèmes d'usinage et l'inspection de la première pièce. Interagir avec les ingénieurs concepteurs pour clarifier les dessins, au besoin. Review design drawings with the aim of developing CNC machining programs for 4- and 5-axis machining centers. This includes programming part families for efficiency and continuity to eliminate major changes in machine setting and reduce cycle times to improve machining efficiency. Program CNC equipment by selecting the appropriate cutting tools, mounts and settings and developing operation sheets for each particular machined part. Assist machine operators in editing programs, troubleshooting machining problems and inspecting the first part. Interact with design engineers to clarify drawings, as required. Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise Programme d'Aide aux Employés REER Collectif Stationnement sur place Du Lundi au Vendredi Êtes-vous à l'aise avec l'horaire de soir? Combien d'années d'expérience avez-vous en tant qu'opérateur CNC? Demeurez-vous à proximité du lieu de travail proposé 
ScrapedJobID1228:

ScrapedJobID1229:
Defining and delivering the strategy, plan and implementation of the overall Engineering Solution for the Product. Defining the System development life cycle and defining the process, practices and tools applicable to the product based on the BL / Domain reference system and tailored based on specific constraints Writing the SEMP, organize co-engineering and approving the lower level solution elements engineering plans including those flow down to subcontractors and partners in the frame of the engineering work-packages Directing and providing overall technical and engineering leadership to the team assigned to the product to deliver the Engineering solution to time, cost and quality; this will be done through the accurate measurement of progress on the project using the proper Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) Managing Risks and Opportunities for all product activities Ensuring that the Engineering Processes, practices and tools are applied correctly and appropriately on the product to company, legislative, regulatory and international standards, as defined in the associate product plans Leading the interfacing with the Engineering teams of the client and other external Engineering parties to ensure that the integration and migration of the overall Engineering solution within its infrastructure and associated product is achieved Ensuring that the Product’s Design and other Technical Certification is coordinated, complete and consistent with the delivered and can be provided to projects Management of change, variation, risk and opportunity, recovery and acceleration as it affects the delivery of the Engineering solution with the Product Line Manager Overseeing the development of cost and time estimates for product activities to meet business and project objectives Ensuring that any Corrective Actions and Observations related to the engineering delivery and solution are closed in a timely and complete manner Defining the Engineering skills needed for the product and working with the Engineering Functional Teams to ensure that the Product’s team are competent, developed to their full potential, mobilized and released in a timely and planned manner Ensuring that the Engineering Performance Plan, as defined at Company level, is properly deployed in the Product Monitoring competitiveness KPIs, and leading corrective actions when required Supporting capitalization activities for the product as well as lessons learned Contributing to the Quality Assurance activities by ensuring visibility on the engineering work packages for the product QAM Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent Minimum of 3 years experience managing safety critical software development Must have 3 to 5 years in Rail and Signaling or other related safety critical industry Needs 3 to 5 years of experience managing cross functional teams Should have 1 to 3 years experience managing schedules and budgets Over 5 years experience in Rail and Signaling PMP is an asset Knowledge of MS project, Primavera or other scheduling tools 
ScrapedJobID1230:
Bachelor’s Degree preferably in any Information Technologies (IT) discipline, but IT Management Information Systems or Computer Systems Analyst discipline is most preferred. Store systems and Retail Experience. Previous experience in Oracle Xstore products preferred. Capable of working in fast paced environment. Self-motivator, independent, cooperative, team player, flexible, creative. Architect a standard image for POS environment including POS registers, servers, pin pad, scanners, biometrics, mobile devices SME of all Store system integrations through the omni-channel environment (Xstore & OROB). Manage and administer store systems, including deployment of builds, and patches, and updates Provide second level support, working with Help Desk, actively resolve and close support tickets Collaboratively work with Project Management team on future store system configurations, technical requirements, and integrations. Manage and maintain System and file management for all Store Systems. Make Configuration changes to store systems as needed. Create scripts as needed. PowerShell, SQL Determine root cause and resolve store system failures. Collaborate on improving the scalability and reliability with system integrations and data feeds. Create and maintain Store System Technical Documentation including environment design documents. Able to read and diagnose errors in XML. Develops and executes test plans and test scripts as needed. Works with software vendors to resolve store system issues. Manages 3rd party store support by opening tickets and following up as needed. Lead calls or tickets with vendors on issue resolution. Manage store system production issues as needed. Responsible for store system installations and upgrades by keeping us on current vendor versioning. Contributes to all areas of the Store Systems team as required. Ability to run oracle queries from store system databases for troubleshooting purposes Excellent verbal and written communication skill, including strong questioning and listening skills, and understand the impact on other areas Understand importance of information security and how it impacts store systems. On Call Rotation as needed. Other duties as needed 
ScrapedJobID1231:
Close interaction with Business Units, Regional Finance Staff and our shared services team ABS Close interaction with other members of the tax team. Able to work as a member of diverse teams including members from different functional areas such as treasury, accounting & finance, legal and various locations and time zones Timely delivery of tax returns and tax provisions with minimal errors detected on review or subsequent audit Maintenance of files with appropriate documentation to support all tax positions, accounting entries, assessments/audit information etc. Understand and contribute towards the tax team’s KPIs such as cash taxes and ETR measurements Must keep up to date with the federal and provincial income tax rules and regulations. Demonstrated understanding of accounting principles Taking initiative in recognizing problems/issues and proposing appropriate resolutions Knowledge and understanding of business operational concepts Experience with online research materials and tax compliance software Strong organization skills and ability to adapt quickly to change Excellent oral and written communications skills as well as presentation skills Knowledge of accounting and tax within the manufacturing and/or construction industry would be an asset Maintain personal and corporate integrity in all actions Awareness of internal controls providing reasonable assurance of effective and efficient operations, including actions to prevent and detect fraud and protect Company resources Undergraduate degree required in accounting, business, commerce or equivalent experience Professional accounting designation required (CA, CMA, CGA or CPA) A minimum of 2-3years of large corporation accounting and tax. Previous work in a similar industry would be an asset CPA in-depth tax course completion or willingness to complete Advanced computer proficiency – significant spreadsheet skills Experience with online tax research tools, materials. Familiarity with different tax software packages including databases and SAP an asset Awareness of the tax legislation and accounting principles Strong organizational skills and ability to adapt quickly to change Excellent oral and written communications skills as well as presentation skills Action Oriented Priority Setting Business Acumen Decision Quality Functional/Technical Skills Interpersonal Savvy Problem Solving Customer Focus Organizing 
ScrapedJobID1232:
Perform day to day development activities on the Salesforce.com platform using Apex and Visual Force Support the creation of customizations and integrations required to solution delivery Configure the Salesforce.com application based on the business requirements Develop custom applications using Apex, VisualForce, JavaScript, AJAX, HTML, CSS Apply best practices and experience to build Salesforce.com applications. Develop estimates for projects Work closely with other developers in the team, business analyst, QA analyst and project managers. Research Salesforce.com capabilities as needed to suit business requirements, and provide gap analysis Create actionable technical documentation based on gathered business requirements Assist with scoping and planning of various CRM related projects and initiatives Develop and maintain SFDC Visual Force pages, Apex classes & triggers, and integrations Perform routine administration functions for Salesforce.com Create documentation, including training documentation and release notes Participate in cross-functional teams that address strategic business issues Support the branch in developing and implementing the technical solutions needed as well as providing operational support ensuring that any technical glitch can be quickly addressed Design technical solutions for data collecting and storing into our centralized data repository Develop, test and implement the required technical solutions as well as ensure that the requirements in terms of data accuracy, quality are met Develop coding, testing, and debugging to support centralization and standardization of data entry to achieve expediated outcomes along with reporting and timely analytics Produce design artifacts and documentation which will allow future support of the implemented solutions Develop coding, testing, and debugging to support centralization and standardization of data entry to achieve expediated outcomes along with reporting and timely analytics Provide subject matter expertise to develop, test, support and maintain reports and transform and present data to support analytics Provide and support business model for the Salesforce tool to enable self-service reports which is a critical functionality for the client and other stakeholders Work to improve data transformation and reporting Conduct technical analysis, preparation of detailed programming specifications, program design, writing and/or generating code, and conduct unit tests Translate technical specifications for integration/sustainment and upgrade into working, tested application code Undertake proof of technology with test data to simulate application load and performance tuning related applications Conduct research and assessment of options for technical design issues Contribute to design/development project plans, including work breakdown and resources estimates Provide technical expertise and advice for the integration of other applications into the Salesforce solution Resolving and implementing critical fixes and changes in the solution Provide application programming support for incident management, application functionality sustainment, performance tuning and technical documentation Work with Quality Assurance (QA) to code, test, and debug extensions/tools integration services Perform performance tuning as well as audit and ad hoc reporting per business requests Provide software expertise in various computing platforms, operating systems, database technology, communication protocols, middleware and gateways Maintain Development environments and continue continuous Integration (CI) practice Improve the quality and accuracy of the data collected from numerous business units and end-users 8+years of full cycle software development including requirements, design, development, optimization, testing, implementation and support 3-5 years of development experience on the Salesforce platform Certified Salesforce Developer / Administrator Strong knowledge CRM business impact Experience integrating Salesforce.com with other applications Participation in each phase of full Salesforce.com lifecycle implementations In-depth understanding of the capabilities and constraints of the Salesforce Understands web services and other technologies that can be used to transport data in an enterprise environment and interact with Salesforce.com Experienced in defining systems strategy and requirements, designing and prototyping, planning testing, and supporting training efforts Oracle RDBMs(19c), SQL, PL/SQL, JSON, XML, Unix/Linux shell scripting, optimized database queries, data architecture, data design, modeling and mapping Experience with version control system SVN or GitLab preferred Working knowledge of issue tracking sysem Jira Enhanced CI/CD experience and DevOps methodologies and technologies an asset Develop and support application monitoring using Elastic/Logstash/Kibana or Sematext Knowledge of Java, JSON, XML, API calls, HL7/FHIR, Node JS, Python, Restful web services 
ScrapedJobID1233:
Être responsable de l’assemblage électronique de documents de clients personnels et d'entreprise à l'aide d'Adobe Acrobat et autres systèmes; Être responsable de l’assemblage et finalisation des livrables fiscaux par voie électronique; Organiser, photocopier et numériser les feuillets des contribuables et autres documents; Collecter et livrer des dossiers au personnel; Saisir, formater et modifier des documents standard et non standard à l'aide de MS Word, Excel et Adobe et autres logiciels selon les besoins (par exemple, correspondance, rapports, présentations, etc.); Assembler les trousses de déclaration de revenus électroniques et papier et les poster sur le site Web sécurisé; Faxer, photocopier et numériser des documents et les télécharger dans la base de données Global Office et dans notre système de gestion de documents, TAX DMS; Maintenir les listes de suivi d'équipe et imprimer les rapports d'avancement des travaux sur une base hebdomadaire; Maintenir les manuels et les listes de contrôle pour le travail au besoin; Coordonner avec les autres départements pour assurer la production en temps opportun des documents. Solide compréhension de MS Office et de la suite Google, y compris de solides compétences en Word et Excel; Solide connaissance pratique de la manipulation de texte et de graphiques dans des documents et certains; Connaissance du travail dans les programmes PDF; Solides compétences de bureau; Dépôt des documents finaux dans les référentiels LoS (par exemple, Tax DMS), si demandé; Capacité à gérer plusieurs priorités dans le temps imparti et à respecter les délais; Exécuter les tâches avec une grande attention aux détails et maintenir des normes de qualité élevées; Capacité à travailler avec un minimum de supervision. Assembling documents from personal and corporate clients electronically using Adobe Acrobat and other systems; Assembling and finalizing tax deliverables electronically; Organizing, photocopying and scanning taxpayer slips and other documents; Collecting and delivering folders to staff; Type, format and edit standard and non-standard documents using MS Word, Excel, and Adobe and other software as required (e.g. correspondence, reports, presentations etc.); Assemble electronic and paper tax return packages and post to secure website; Fax, photocopy and scan documents and upload in the Global Office database and in our document management system, TAX DMS; Maintain team tracker lists and print work in progress reports on a weekly basis; Maintain manuals and checklists for work as required; Coordinate with other departments to ensure timely production of documents. Solid understanding of MS Office and Google Suite, including strong Word and Excel skills; Strong working knowledge of manipulating text and graphics in documents and some knowledge of working in PDF programs; Strong clerical skills; Filing final documents into LoS repositories (e.g. Tax DMS), if requested; Maintain professional, digital and technical knowledge through the use of firm tools, attending training sessions & establishing personal networks; Understand ethical behavior and business practices and ensure your own behavior and the behavior of others are consistent with these standards and align with the values of the organization; Set priorities, develop a work schedule, monitor progress towards goals, and track details/data/information/activities; Ability to manage multiple priorities in the allocated time and meet deadlines; Execute duties with significant attention to detail and maintain high quality standards; Ability to work with minimal supervision; Communicates regularly and professionally with internal colleagues and with clients via email and phone to obtain and provide information regarding client files and is able to adapt their communication to the specific need, interest and audience. 
ScrapedJobID1234:
8 hour shift SAP Technical Architect: 5 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1235:
This role will be the centre of developing industry leading products. You’ll manage multiple concurrent projects, owning all projects requiring build deliverables. Following the Agile methodology and development process, manage cross-disciplinary projects to scope, budget and timelines to completion as defined by SOW Gathering estimates from the project team Working with leads to determine risks, interdependencies and specific assignments Planning sprint retrospectives, daily standups, backlog reviews, backlog grooming, and demos Unblocking tasks Scope prioritization with Strategy Lead Maintaining Asana sprint boards Tracking velocity and burndown rate P&L reporting Identifying resources requests to Discipline leads for right skilled assignments Developing weekly resource allocation view with Discipline leads Change management Raising risks and issues relating scope, budget or timelines. Identifying resolution actions and mitigation steps taken to date, provide recommendations for addressing issues. Making recommendations on process improvements to address issues Manage contingency allocation on projects. Contribute to sharing contingency across projects where needed. Release management Overseeing Quality Assurance and UAT process Management of the co-op students Lead, design and help Implement the DevOps solution Contribute to making efficiency improvements to the Development Processes You have worked in the software industry for a minimum of 10 years You are an expert in software development with a prior work experience as a software developer You have led multiple project teams concurrently You have minimum of 7+ years program and project management experience You can identify and implement industry development best practices. You have implemented industry best practices for project management You have a toolkit of mitigation actions taken on past projects You have a deep understanding of development constraints, technical risks, and technical interdependencies You have expertise in managing and building web applications and mobile solutions You have experience managing complex resource requirements across multiple projects You have a experience with modern technologies and development methodologies You have a deep understanding of Software development lifecycle and development processes You have a solid understanding of of DevOps You have experience implementing DevOps You have experience working with modern relational or non-relational databases such as Oracle or SQL Server, MySQL, Postgres, Redis, MongoDB, Cassandra, etc. And web development technologies You have an understanding of Microservices Design 
ScrapedJobID1236:
Understanding of engineering project lifecycle Manages the proposal effort Prepares the fee budget Participates in fee negotiation and in team selection Manages and administers the engineering contract. Manage the project with the goal of delivering each project on time, within budget and within scope. Ability to manage the change order process and scope creep on the project. Maintain, nurture, and grow the relationship with clients involved with the project(s). Partner with Business Development to execute the work. Assist in selling the jobs in terms of scoping the project, provide input to proposals, estimates, budgets and developing the fees. Assemble and coordinate engineering and design staff, sub-consultants, and project support staff. Fully understand and manage the technical, regulatory, commercial, and contractual requirements of projects. Lead the planning and implementation of projects. Ensure compliance with CEM’s Quality Assurance/Quality Control (QA/QC) Program. Coordinate with site construction and commissioning managers. Elevate project risks to Client and/or CEM senior leadership for mitigation. Frequent project review and progress reports. Strong project documentation skills for record purposes Supports the Core Values of CEM Engineering. Experience in a consulting environment Experience with power generation or thermal power (steam or large combustion) and preferred experience with rotating machinery generation. Engineer who is customer-focused with a minimum of 10 years of relevant experience, managing engineering projects. Fundamental technical engineering knowledge and strong problem-solving skills. Bachelor’s Degree – Mechanical, Electrical and/or Civil Structural Registered Professional Engineer in the Province of Ontario with good standing, preferred. Professional Project Management designation, preferred (i.e., PMP) Experience working in a consulting firm. Requires strong interpersonal skills to manage the team, the client, and external parties (utilities, sub-consultants, equipment vendors, etc.). As this is a client facing role, the candidate must be able to make presentations and communicate face to face with the client. Support their Manager with miscellaneous tasks including project requirements and corporate requirements. Willingness to share his/her experience and knowledge with fellow colleagues having different technical backgrounds. Willing to travel occasionally to job sites and other third-party offices. Occasional travel to home office for coordination purposes. Aligned with CEM’s core values. Technical writing skills. Organizational and time management skills. Fluency in standard office software. Commitment to remaining current with developments in profession. Results driven individual with strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Effective organizational and multitasking skills. Excellent written and oral communication skills, with a willingness to share knowledge and support others. Empathy Task ownership Ability to utilize sound professional judgement Requires first class quality Ability to directly interface with Client and flexibility of adjusting level of technical communication, based on Client’s technical affinity. Client’s expectations are exceeded for each project for which a Project Manager is responsible. Projects for which the Project Manager is responsible are completed on-time and on-budget. All identified project risks are elevated to client or CEM Leadership Team for assessment and mitigation. Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Profit sharing Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1237:
8 hour shift Quality Assurance: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1238:
10 hour shift 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) civil, geotechnical or mining: 10 years (preferred) earthwork and surface utilities: 10 years (preferred) GMSA Certification (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1239:

ScrapedJobID1240:
Prepare review and notice to reader engagements in Caseware Prepare entries and financial statements Complete corporate tax returns and liaise with our tax professionals Prepare account summaries and reconciliations Prepare correspondence to clients and the Canada Revenue Agency Assist managers with client meeting preparation Must possess a university degree and/or college diploma in accounting, or equivalent related experience Must have experience and software knowledge in Caseware, Quickbooks, Taxprep Public accounting firm experience is preferred. The ability to work independently in a fast-paced, dynamic team-oriented environment Must be available to work overtime during peak seasons Competitive compensation Comprehensive Benefits package including vacation time! Company prides itself with having one, if not the best work-life balance in the industry The opportunity to grow your career and knowledge and be part of 1 of the big 4 companies around the world Educational allowance Annual gym allowance of $1,000 Annual mental health allowance of $5,000 
ScrapedJobID1241:
Collaborate with R&D, Engineering and Product Management teams to deliver quality and timely solutions Build, evolve and qualify, quality features, products, services & solutions as a core member of our agile team Contribute to the improvement of software development processes, test methodologies, and frameworks Develop tools and frameworks to automate tasks and procedures that accelerate delivery and minimize errors Design, implement and execute manual and automated test scenarios Bachelor or master’s degree in computer science, Software Engineering or similar Linux platform fluency Solid work experience in software quality assurance and software testing, software engineering Minimum of 5 years of experience in software test automation / software engineering Knowledge and experience with Python and Java and/or Groovy Experience with source control management and software versioning systems Experience with API, backend, and system test automation Basic networking protocols understanding and troubleshooting skills Good understanding of Agile development practices Ease of understanding architectural concepts & abstract principles Excellent analytical & critical skills 
ScrapedJobID1242:

ScrapedJobID1243:
Build the Software Operations Quality Scorecard and Software Release Readiness Record for vehicle launches. Metrics automation includes: process, configuration management, and product KPI’s. Develop software tools and features to assist with reporting and development process automation Develop and maintain Web UI features using ReactJS Work with and / or develop API using Django (python) Use RestAPI from other 3rd Party tools to fetch Data Work with a SQL Server database to fetch data – able to write SQL queries efficiently Contribute to team deliverable through involvement in agile scrum development sprints Able to work relatively independently Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field 3+ year experience with Web UI development ReactJS 3+ year experience in Python development 3+ year experience working with Django Experience working with databases and writing SQL queries (Ideally SQL Server) Experience with REST API Analytical with the ability to produce creative and effective software solutions to problems Strong communication skill Experience GitHub or other SCM tools Experience building RestAPI using Django Strong aptitude for troubleshooting and problem solving Strong verbal and written communication skills Ability to work in a multi-site team environment where self-driven and self-motivate capabilities are key qualities 8 hour shift React: 1 year (required) Python: 1 year (required) Django: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1244:
Provide the necessary expert engineering advice and recommendations to the Engineering Manager for decision and guidance Evaluate existing electrical design to accommodate retrofits, modifications and improvements. Contribute to the development of conceptual, preliminary and detailed design of Electrical Systems. Prepare design documents, design requirements, design descriptions, technical specifications, tendering documents, standards, procedures and analyses reports. Review and/or recommend technical specification for Electrical equipment, tests, and processes/procedures. Provide engineering support during the construction, installation and commissioning project phases. Provide subject matter expert review and acceptance of designs prepared by outside agencies. Supervise technical staff and/or Junior Staff. Develop engineering specifications and standards facilitating a consistent design approach. Ability to work effectively in a multidisciplinary team and interact with staff at various levels of the organization. Able to work independently and as a member of a team to complete the required task. Able to interpret design drawings, documents, data collected from field visits and client’s needs. Able to develop innovative and safe solutions to Electrical Engineering challenges that may arise during the field season. Safe compensatory measures also need to be part of the solution portfolio. Able to carry out research as to codes and standards to apply, materials to use and procedures to use in the design. Capable of supervising technicians and acting as mentor to junior engineers. Able to interpret client’s needs and make recommendations as to alternatives to satisfy the need and the recommended solution and prepare the final solution (design, report). Devises new approaches, applies existing criteria in new manners and draws conclusions from comparative situations. Recommendations are normally accepted as technically accurate and feasible. Bachelor (Honours) degree in Electrical Engineering from a recognized university. Member of a provincial professional engineering association (e.g., PEO). Sound knowledge of Electrical engineering and more than ten (10) years of significant related experience Supervisory and project management experience. Experienced in the technical procurement process, including supplier qualification reviews, bid evaluations, review and acceptance of technical deliverables; and monitoring contractor performance vs. technical specifications. Experience in Design of electrical distribution systems, medium and low voltage power supply systems; alarm systems; lighting and grounding systems, cables testing, etc. Experience in electrical power studies (e.g. load flow, short circuit, coordination and arc flash) using power studies software (preferably ETAP). Ability to exercise sound judgment in technical matters, to routinely solve technical problems and to make independent decisions. Demonstrated performance in providing engineering oversight to various sizes of jobs. Excellent oral and written English communication skills; previous experience making technical presentations to small and large audiences. Demonstrated effective team leadership and team-building skills. Able to use computer programs, WORD, EXCEL. Knowledge of Design Engineering practices, organization and quality assurance processes, Engineering Change Control and Configuration Management. Excellent knowledge of CNL's engineering practices, organization and quality management program is an asset. Demonstrated knowledge of CSA N286/N285 quality standards. Knowledge of radiation protection (RP) standards and RP practices. Company pension Extended health care Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID1245:
Diriger une variété de projets complexes de moyenne et de grande envergure (transport, aviation, santé, éducation et laboratoires); Agir à titre de mentor auprès du personnel junior et collaborer avec des équipes multidisciplinaires en mettant de l’avant notre expérience à l’échelle locale, régionale et internationale; Collaborer étroitement avec nos clients et en gérer les relations clés tout en contribuant au développement des affaires; Tirer parti des opportunités d’avancement au sein d’une équipe en pleine croissance; Réaliser la conception de systèmes électriques, principalement pour des projets en bâtiments, y compris les systèmes d’alimentation, d’éclairage, d’alarme-incendie et tout autre système de signalisation; Prendre part à la conception de systèmes d’éclairage et à tous calculs pertinents à cet égard; Élaborer et évaluer des plans et des devis techniques liés à une conception; Assurer la coordination entre les diverses disciplines et travailler en concertation avec les autres chargés de projet afin de favoriser la réalisation des travaux; Rédiger des rapports à des fins internes et externes à partir des conclusions tirées; Soumettre de manière conventionnelle et novatrice le matériel technique à l’examen des destinataires spécialisés et non spécialisés; Prendre part aux activités et événements des associations professionnelles locales; Assurer le respect des normes de qualité, des paramètres commerciaux et des relations-clients dans le cadre des projets; Apprendre aux équipes à établir des liens entre leurs solutions techniques et les grands enjeux d’un projet; Fournir du feedback à autrui en temps opportuns. Baccalauréat en génie électrique ou architectural; Au moins huit (8) ans d’expérience en conception de systèmes électriques pour bâtiments; Expérience dans la mise en œuvre des normes et des codes du bâtiment au Canada; Maîtrise du français, tant à l’oral qu’à l’écrit; Membre de l’Ordre des ingénieurs du Québec (OIQ); Capacité à travailler sous pression, à établir et à gérer les priorités, à respecter les échéances; solides compétences organisationnelles requises pour notre environnement en rapide et constante évolution; Excellentes aptitudes interpersonnelles et forte capacité à communiquer, essentielles pour le travail d’équipe; Aisance à faire des présentations pour des collègues et des clients de tous niveaux. Expérience en conception et en analyse de systèmes d’énergies renouvelables et distribuées; Accréditation LEED; Connaissance des logiciels BIM et de DAO en 3D, notamment AutoCAD MEP ou Revit MEP; Expérience en modélisation de systèmes d’alimentation à l’aide de SKM; Expérience en gestion de projet. Partage des bénéfices – deux versements par année; Assurance-maladie personnelle; Contribution équivalente de l’employeur au régime enregistré d’épargne-retraite collectif (RÉER) (de 5 à 9% selon les années de service); Vacances et congés payés; Remboursement des frais de scolarité; Remboursement des frais d’associations professionnelles / de certification; Affectations à court ou à long terme à l’international. Lead a variety of medium to large-scale complex projects (Transportation, aviation, healthcare, higher-education, and laboratories) Mentor our junior staff and collaborate with exceptional multi-disciplinary teams using our experience at the local, regional, and global levels Work directly with our clients and manage key relationships while helping to develop business opportunities Have opportunities for advancement in a rapidly growing office Undertake electrical systems design, predominantly for building projects, including power systems, lighting, fire alarm and other signal systems Design and perform calculations for lighting systems and associated controls Prepare and review drawings and specifications detailing the design Coordinating with multiple disciplines and working in conjunction with project managers to help complete work you're doing Writing reports for internal and external purposes based on findings Presenting technical material in traditional and innovative ways for review by technical and non-technical audiences Participating in local Professional Associations Responsible for quality standards, commercial metrics, and client relations for projects Teaching teams to connect their solutions to bigger picture issues Delivering timely feedback and recognition to others Bachelor’s degree in Electrical or Architectural Engineering 8 or more years of experience designing electrical systems for buildings Experience in the application of Canadian Building Codes and Standards. Proficient in French (both written and spoken) Professional Engineering License in Quebec (OIQ) The ability to prioritize effectively, balance assigned work and exceptional organization skills are required for our constantly evolving environment Strong interpersonal and communication skills essential for team-based working Presentation skills with colleagues and clients of all levels Experience with design and analysis of renewable and distributed energy systems LEED accreditation Experience with 3D BIM / CAD software such AutoCAD MEP or Revit MEP Experience with power system modelling using SKM Project management experience 
ScrapedJobID1246:
Designing and constructing high-performance, scalable data pipelines to operationalize our state-of-the-art solutions ranging from quantum computing pipelines to deep learning based recommender systems Creating innovative solutions to tackle computationally intensive challenges and business issues Writing production Python/Scala scripts in a Spark/Databricks environment to support the data pipelines that feed Machine Learning models Leveraging cloud environments and following best practices while building solutions in the data lake as it evolves to meet the needs of the business Performing data wrangling, feature engineering, and dimension reduction with data of all shapes and sizes, from parquet files to images Partnering with Machine Learning Engineers, Data Scientists, and Cloud Architects to deliver models into production Coaching, mentoring, and providing feedback to team members and junior data engineers Discovering novel datasets and data sources and making them available for modeling and reporting Using your expertise in big data technologies to champion innovation, design, and implement data-stores and analytic models, oversee large-scale data lake platforms, and design and implement efficient data pipelines from source systems to data-stores Defining and implementing Quality Assurance best practices that support the implementation of data transformations and the availability of high-quality data Expertise in Python and Spark. Experience in other programming languages such as Java, Scala, or C++ is a plus Expertise in SQL Experience designing and deploying high-performance data processing systems with reliable data validation, monitoring, and logging practices Rigor in high code quality, automated testing, and other engineering best practices Experience with big data technologies such as Hadoop, Spark and Databricks Familiarity with software development best practices, including version control, CI/CD and CAB processes Expert knowledge of databases and modern data workloads A strong communicator Detail-oriented and organized A leader with an ownership mindset Passionate about machine learning Able to work independently and as part of a team 
ScrapedJobID1247:
Prepare, review, and file federal and provincial tax returns for individual and corporate clients (T1, T2, T3, T4, T5, T5013 etc.) independently and as part of a broader engagement team. This includes: Work closely with the Tax Partners and other senior staff to develop and implement complex tax planning assignments for corporate and private clients. Research and interpret tax issues and prepare memorandums, client letters, and develop opinions on a variety of tax issues. Prepare tax provision and accruals in accordance with applicable accounting standards. Assist in the development and implementation of tax and estate planning strategies. Liaise and be a primary point of contact with tax authorities on tax audits and appeals. Perform advanced technical research and document tax plan recommendations for clients. Maintain a strong knowledge base of Canadian tax rules and regulations, growing this base over time. Establish a requisite knowledge base of cross border, commodity, and transactional tax rules and regulations for specific client segments. This includes a working and growing knowledge of transfer pricing regulations. Collaborate with senior management on file planning and completion with the established time constraints. Provide effective leadership, mentorship, and skills development that support the values of the Firm. Provide personal and attentive service to clients to encourage productive working relationships. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with clients including communication to arrange timing of file work. Develop appropriate knowledge, skills, and competencies consistent with the CPA professional development requirements as well as professional workplace competencies. Other related duties as assigned. CPA designation or tax professional equivalent with a minimum of 5 years’ experience in public accounting or public tax administration. Completion of or working towards completion of the In-Depth Tax Program or Masters of Tax program. Working knowledge of Canadian tax acts (Income Tax Act, Excise Tax Act, Retail Sales Act, Business Corporations Act, Limited Partnerships Act, Not-for-profit Corporations Act, etc.). Proficiency with Caseware and Tax Prep is preferred. Proficiency with Microsoft Office programs (Word, Excel, Outlook, etc.) required. Related experience supporting owner-managed private corporations is an asset. Familiarity with various accounting programs and software is considered an asset. Strong project management, problem-solving, time management and prioritizing skills. Dedication to teamwork, leadership, and integrity within a professional environment. Excellent communication skills, with previous experience in a customer service-related position; strong interpersonal and relationship building skills. Commitment to continuous learning. Commitment to organization and high performance. Reliable vehicle and good driving record required as this role will require limited local travel. Culture of lifelong learning Supportive and collaborative work environment Enthusiastic and participative team spirit Commitment to community engagement Flexible hours to allow for work life balance Casual Friday dress policy Competitive and comprehensive benefits Public Accounting: 5 years (Preferred) Bachelor's Degree (Preferred) CPA (Preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1248:
Writes code according to accepted standards based on user requirements, which are included in the delivery of the application solution, to meet the business need Participates in the planning, estimating, development, testing and implementation of initiatives of any size and any level of complexity to meet the functional and non-functional requirements of the application. The resulting artifacts will be used to better understand, communicate, and provide specifications during the coding and Quality Assurance activities Participates in software development Process Action Teams and contributes to the continuous improvement of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) processes for the overall effectiveness of the development Support a positive work environment that promotes service to business, quality, innovation and teamwork and ensure timely communication of issues/points of interest Provide Integration testing support and production support when necessary Bachelor’s degree or higher in computer science, engineering, or a related field Demonstrate understanding of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Quality Assurance requirements and software development control and release procedures 3+ years of design and development experience building APIs and Application Integration Solutions Knowledge in API Connect implementation of REST APIs, SOAP APIs, also API standards such as YAML and Swagger Experience in using Postman/SoapUI or other REST service testing & development tools Experience developing highly scalable solutions leveraging (Must have) Node.js, Java; (Nice to have) Python, JavaScript Demonstrate knowledge of different database technologies, including RDBMS and No-SQL. Demonstrate hands on experience in AWS core integration stacks, including but not limited API Gateway, AWS Lambda, AWS Step Functions, AWS DynamoDB, AWS API Gateway, AWS Serverless stack, AWS S3, AWS SNS and SQS, SSM, IAM; Dynatrace, Cloudwatch Cloud Formation, X-Ray etc Experience developing highly scalable solutions leveraging (Must have) Node.js, Java; (Nice to have) Python, JavaScript Demonstrate knowledge of different database technologies, including RDBMS and No-SQL. Experience with DevOps, CI/CD automation: AWS DevOps Pipeline CI/CD process, DevOps tool JIRA, BitBucket, Bamboo, would be an asset Nice to have experience in Tibco BW, Tibco BE and EMS development 
ScrapedJobID1249:
Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise Stationnement sur place Travail à Distance 8 Heures DEP/ AEC ou Certificat (Souhaité) Compétences informatique: 2 ans (Souhaité) Français (Obligatoire) Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1250:

ScrapedJobID1251:
Plan, execute, and finalize a wide range of Audit, Review, and Compilation (T1, T2, T3, T5) engagements, both independently and as part of a team governed with Canadian Auditing and Review standards. Supervise junior staff during field assignments, inform managers of engagement status, and manage the outlined engagement progress. Review work performed by junior and intermediate team members for larger assurance engagements. Provide effective leadership, mentorship, and skills development that support the values of the F. Analyze financial information, accounting processes and operations procedures; provide account reconciliations and propose adjusting entries. Prepare and review financial statements and related note disclosures. Ensure financial statements and note disclosures are in accordance with Canadian generally accepted accounting principles (ASPE only). Assess risk, controls, operational performance and adherence to GAAP. Prepare corporate income tax returns. Collaborate with the tax department on client tax planning opportunities. Prepare personal and non-profit organization information and charitable tax returns. Collaborate with peers and senior management on file planning and completion within time constraints. Provide personal, attentive service to clients to encourage productive working relationships. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with clients including communication to arrange timing of year-end inventory counts, interim, and year-end fieldwork. Develop appropriate knowledge, skills and competence consistent with CPA professional development requirements and professional competencies. Other related duties as assigned. CPA designation with a minimum of 5 years’ experience in audit and assurance required. Working knowledge of ASPE standards required. Proficiency with Caseware or other accounting software is preferred. Proficiency with Microsoft Office programs (Word, Excel, etc.) required. Related experience supporting owner-managed private corporations is an asset. Familiarity with various accounting programs and software is considered an asset. Strong project management, problem-solving, time management and prioritizing skills. Dedication to teamwork, leadership, and integrity within a professional environment. Excellent communication skills, with previous experience in a customer service-related position; strong interpersonal and relationship building skills. Commitment to continuous learning. Commitment to organization and high performance. Reliable vehicle and good driving record required as this role will require limited local travel. Culture of lifelong learning Supportive and collaborative work environment Enthusiastic and participative team spirit Commitment to community engagement Flexible hours to allow for work life balance Casual Friday dress policy Competitive and comprehensive benefits Accounting: 5 years (Preferred) Bachelor's Degree (Preferred) CPA (Preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1252:
Cultivate a deep understanding of the portfolio of applications we utilize, along with their respective strengths and weaknesses, to provide solutions to existing and future challenges. Through your knowledge of industry trends and tools, together with your own experiences, work with the team to improve our software, our environment, and our process. Provide guidance and direction to the development teams to tear down obstacles and keep initiatives on target and moving forward. Translate project goals and product roadmaps into organized technical tasks. Offer your input and expertise to technical and non-technical audiences. Work with technology and business leadership to define the right technology solutions to solve complex problems. Collaborate with team members in an agile environment. Ensure that the team produces clean code and follow industry best practices and designs 10+ years of experience as a Full stack developer with .NET framework. 5+ years of experience directly managing a team. Solid experience with JavaScript, AJAX, CSS and TypeScript and different frameworks (React, Angular, Bootstrap) and knowledge of the benefits of each framework. Proficient with Microsoft .NET 3.5+ development using C#. Comprehensive understanding of object-oriented and service-oriented application development techniques and theories. Experience of Cloud Architecture/Technologies and DevOps best practices. Experience with source control management systems such as GitHub and continuous integration/deployment environments. Experience in practicing Agile methodologies. Experience with Quality Assurance best practices such as test-driven development. Successfully and simultaneously managed multiple large digital-project with an emphasis on business transformation, uncertain business requirements and/or implementation of new technology Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or relevant work experience. Openness to others’ ideas and great collaboration, partnering and communication skills Skilled in making data driven decisions, and driving ownership and accountability Curious Approachable Passionate Problem solver Associate discount Health and Dental benefits RRSP/DPSP Performance bonuses Learning & Development programs And more... Combination of Office and remote work. 
ScrapedJobID1253:
Bonus pay Casual dress Company pension Dental care Disability insurance On-site parking Vision care 8 hour shift Day shift Weekend availability No 
ScrapedJobID1254:
Responsible for implementation and overall project delivery of large and Enterprise client projects for new and existing Benevity clients. Collaborate with design and technical resources to scope and deliver projects to maximize client and end user experience Conduct project status meetings and provide regular status reporting to clients, including risk logs for ongoing mitigation Develop Project Charters, Project Plans and Statements of Work to meet client requirements, providing exceptional client and value-added service Own and execute various key project management functions including resource management, internal/client reporting and executive communications As required, conduct key client meetings in person, at client sites such as project kick-off, requirements gathering sessions, status updates, etc. Create detailed project transition documentation leading up to client launches, preparing Relationship Management teams to support client-side administrators and end users post-launch Capture client business requirements for any non-standard requests, ensuring early collaboration with any other Benevity teams impacted, such as Product, Client Success, Data Compliance, etc. as required Serve as a primary point of contact to assigned clients, communicating with clients on various project deliverables, questions and requests via email; exceptional writing skills are a must. Set clear project expectations and timelines required to deliver the outlined scope, coordinating with internal technical and relationship teams to ensure timelines can be met Provide assistance to resolve issues that may arise during the product configuration, testing or post-launch phases that may be required immediate assistance. Perform quality assurance reviews on all work you do and done by technical teams. Lead multiple projects at once while paying strict attention to detail Maintain an in-depth understanding of Benevity's suite of products and services Contribute to the success of the Client Projects team, leading continuous improvement initiatives and providing support to team members, for example Provide coaching and mentoring to other team members, as a senior member of the Client Projects team Manage escalated situations on complex implementations, leveraging internal teams and participating in client calls when required, to de-escalate and ensure the best outcome for the client. Minimum of two years in a technically oriented role. Ability to lead and motivate team members 5-15 years in a Project Management role, preferably in a SaaS environment Experience with MS Office (Excel, Word, etc.) Experience with project planning software such as Microsoft Project, Smartsheet etc. Experience in creating workflow diagrams using Visio, Lucid chart, etc. Experience with internal collaboration tools such as Jira or Confluence, etc. Intermediate HTML knowledge is a plus Experience leading and working with cross-functional and/or remote teams to achieve common goals and client outcomes Excellent communication skills, responding to client requests quickly and competently, demonstrating exceptional verbal and written communication skills. Strong organizational and time management skills Passion for Client Success and going the extra mile, being available after hours if required and helping with non-standard tasks in order to ensure a successful implementation. Strong negotiation skills, managing priorities with internal technical teams or with client-side teams to avoid scope-creep, for example. Detail-oriented multi-tasking working style, managing multiple projects at once while constantly reviewing/updating priorities and paying strict attention to detail. Results-oriented, resourceful and proactive attitude, knowing that delivering on promises is the basis of relationship health and longevity. Good judgment; understanding that both the "how" and the "why" are part of solution-building and keeping the larger picture in mind when considering the path forward. Bilingual French/English proficiency at a fluent, C-level capacity is a bonus 
ScrapedJobID1255:
Develop a comprehensive working knowledge and understanding of the contract documents (including Reimar’s contract, plans, specifications and applicable codes) Ensure strict adherence to safety, ethics and compliance requirements at all times. Overall responsibility for communication of information among all project team members. Establish and maintain procedures with the design professionals, consultants, owner and subcontractors for information flow, approvals, meetings, reporting, applications for payment, etc. Work with Pre-construction, Estimating and Purchasing in ensuring adherence to the Guaranteed Maximum Price (GMP) or initial project budget. Assist the pre-construction effort as it relates to Project Engineering and the specific project needs. Conduct thorough construction document reviews and examine all documents for constructibility and Quality Assurance/Quality Control (QA/QC). Bring all concerns to the attention of the appropriate design professional for resolution. Participate in preparation of various studies, recommendations for materials and methods, and cost estimates. Prepare a detailed contract items list including all significant items required for the construction of the project. Develop trade scope of work documents for bid packages, major material and equipment purchases. Prepare a procurement schedule for subcontractors, major material and equipment purchases to ensure timely buy-outs and overall compliance with the construction schedule is maintained. Responsible for managing financial status of the project including preparation of project status and accuracy of financial reports. Schedule, conduct, and document all job meetings, owner-architect and coordination meetings. Manage the subcontract change order process including review of subcontractor estimates, negotiate change orders, obtain required owner approvals and preparation of subcontract change orders. Manage project close-out, including securing warranties, guarantees, and acceptance of work, subcontract and vendor close, final payment and records retention. Bachelor’s Degree plus minimum of four years related experience or an equivalent combination of education, training and/or experience, preferred. Knowledge of accounting principles and cost control procedures. Knowledge of estimating, construction costs, scheduling, purchasing, and engineering principles and techniques, various building systems. Strong computer skills and a familiarity with Microsoft Office Suite of programs. Knowledge of Reimar’s Project Management and scheduling software (Microsoft Projects, Jonas Premier, Plan Grid) is desirable. Ability to implement leading-edge technologies such as Building Information Models (BIM) and Lean to benefit the project. Demonstrated ability to thoroughly understand drawings and specifications, general contract and subcontract documents, materials, means and methods. Very strong oral and written communication skills required. Demonstrated leadership and interpersonal skills. May perform other duties as assigned. Bachelor's Degree (preferred) related: 4 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1256:
Work closely with team members to build new websites and website features, primarily in WordPress; Participate in code reviews and knowledge sharing such as pair programming; Attend regular sprint activities such as standups, grooming and retrospectives; Work closely with our product, graphic design, SEO and business teams to incubate ideas and then execute to make those ideas a reality; Code website front-end user interfaces in a combination of HTML, CSS and JS; Code website content management back-ends and user-facing application logic; Work with our Quality Assurance team to help automate website and application testing and repetitive development tasks; Collaborate with other development team members and other departments to drive innovation and help define internal standards; Participate in self-directed learning, tech groups and workshops to learn new technologies and expand knowledge. 2+ years Professional Software or Website Development experience; Experience building websites in WordPress using custom themes and functionality; Experience coding in PHP (object-oriented programming, dependency management, templating engines); Experience in front-end web technologies like HTML, CSS, JS; Experience with Unix-based systems and using CLIs; Experience with code versioning tools, such as git. 
ScrapedJobID1257:
Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Événements d'Entreprise Gym sur place Programme d'Aide aux Employés Programmes de Bien-être Réductions Tarifaires REER Collectif Stationnement sur place Disponibilité la fin de semaine Du Lundi au Vendredi Quart de jour École Secondaire (Souhaité) Gestion du personnel: 1 an (Souhaité) service à la clientèle: 1 an (Souhaité) Français (Souhaité) 
ScrapedJobID1258:
Prepare review and notice to reader engagements in Caseware Prepare entries and financial statements Complete corporate tax returns and liaise with our tax professionals Prepare account summaries and reconciliations Prepare correspondence to clients and the Canada Revenue Agency Assist managers with client meeting preparation Must possess a university degree and/or college diploma in accounting, or equivalent related experience Must have experience and software knowledge in Caseware, Quickbooks, Taxprep Public accounting firm experience is preferred. The ability to work independently in a fast-paced, dynamic team-oriented environment Must be available to work overtime during peak seasons Competitive compensation Comprehensive Benefits package including vacation time! Company prides itself with having one, if not the best work-life balance in the industry The opportunity to grow your career and knowledge and be part of 1 of the big 4 companies around the world Educational allowance Annual gym allowance of $1,000 Annual mental health allowance of $5,000 
ScrapedJobID1259:
Lead development team delivering solution enhancing existing processes Identify development and deployment process improvement opportunity Conduct independent analysis and assessment on AWS development capabilities Own/coordinate solution development and operation processes to ensure timely delivery Conduct solution / code review to ensure alignment with best practice and provides feedback in constructive manner. Provide active contribution to the technical discussion and assist defining product roadmap Interact with technology stakeholders to understand the requirement and integrated system / solution Design, develop, and test solution to automate and streamline manual process Work collaboratively with development teams, cloud engineering, and other technology partners Liaise with architecture to ensure API functional and non-functional requirements are considered (i.e. security, compatibility and maintainability) Support assessment of incorporating various AWS technology / features Support reporting and analysis of key delivery metric to senior leadership Documents the requirement, detail technical design, and supporting materials Utilize various DevOps tools to deliver projects / products systematically, enabling continue integration, automated testing, rapid features delivery Stays abreast of industry technical and business trends through participation in professional association, practice communities and individual learning Bachelor’s degree or higher in computer science, engineering, or a related field, and programming experience with extensive business knowledge 5+ years of design and development experience building highly scalable APIs and Application Integration solutions. 5+ years of combined experience in AWS native design, development, technology operations 3+ years of experience leading development teams, mentoring junior team members, overseeing code quality and evangelizing best practices. Understanding of SSL/TLS security High-level understanding of OAuth security model Knowledge in API Connect implementation of REST APIs, SOAP APIs, also API standards such as YAML and Swagger Experience in using Postman/SoapUI or other REST service testing & development tools Proficient knowledge of software development practices, Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Quality Assurance requirements and software development control and release procedures Professional experience in developing AWS serverless solution design, development, and deployment Must have proficient foundational development knowledge with Node.js, Java, nice to have Python, JavaScript Proficient experience in AWS core integration stacks, including but not limited API Gateway, AWS Lambda, AWS Step Functions, AWS DynamoDB, AWS API Gateway, AWS Serverless stack, AWS S3, AWS SNS and SQS, SSM, IAM ; Dynatrace, Cloudwatch Cloud Formation, X-Ray etc Experience with DevOps, CI/CD automation: AWS DevOps Pipeline CI/CD process, DevOps tool JIRA, BitBucket, Bamboo, would be an asset Demonstrate knowledge of different database technologies, including RDBMS and No-SQL. Nice to have experience in Tibco BW, Tibco BE and EMS development 
ScrapedJobID1260:
This role will be the centre of developing industry leading products. You’ll manage multiple concurrent projects, owning all projects requiring build deliverables. Following the Agile methodology and development process, manage cross-disciplinary projects to scope, budget and timelines to completion as defined by SOW Gathering estimates from the project team Working with leads to determine risks, interdependencies and specific assignments Planning sprint retrospectives, daily standups, backlog reviews, backlog grooming, and demos Unblocking tasks Scope prioritization with Strategy Lead Maintaining Asana sprint boards Tracking velocity and burndown rate P&L reporting Identifying resources requests to Discipline leads for right skilled assignments Developing weekly resource allocation view with Discipline leads Change management Raising risks and issues relating scope, budget or timelines. Identifying resolution actions and mitigation steps taken to date, provide recommendations for addressing issues. Making recommendations on process improvements to address issues Manage contingency allocation on projects. Contribute to sharing contingency across projects where needed. Release management Overseeing Quality Assurance and UAT process Management of the co-op students Lead, design and help Implement the DevOps solution Contribute to making efficiency improvements to the Development Processes You have worked in the software industry for a minimum of 10 years You are an expert in software development with a prior work experience as a software developer You have led multiple project teams concurrently You have minimum of 7+ years program and project management experience You can identify and implement industry development best practices. You have implemented industry best practices for project management You have a toolkit of mitigation actions taken on past projects You have a deep understanding of development constraints, technical risks, and technical interdependencies You have expertise in managing and building web applications and mobile solutions You have experience managing complex resource requirements across multiple projects You have a experience with modern technologies and development methodologies You have a deep understanding of Software development lifecycle and development processes You have a solid understanding of of DevOps You have experience implementing DevOps You have experience working with modern relational or non-relational databases such as Oracle or SQL Server, MySQL, Postgres, Redis, MongoDB, Cassandra, etc. And web development technologies You have an understanding of Microservices Design 
ScrapedJobID1261:
Plans, organizes, and evaluates the activities and operations of ERP and associated technology, in collaboration with management. Writes technology and SOPs and work instructions and maintains the master documents in a filing system that ensures retrieval when necessary. Review ERP issues with various departments and assist in determining potential impact based on knowledge of application. Becomes corporate ‘super user’ of ERP system specifically in manufacturing aspect. Provide input on corrective measure to be taken and provide clarification on technology requirements with external clients (i.e., ERP). Track and maintain all records for pricing and costing from an internal auditing perspective with periodic checking including evaluation of process and approval procedures. Provide support functions for systems for all personnel. Responsible for scheduling necessary upgrades, creating/modifying test methods as required and maintaining maintenance schedule for in-house applications. Coordinate and conduct internal Technology audits. Review activities and process outputs. Develops and maintains project plans to support all technology and Administration activities. Working with Manager, populate WIKI with ERP training information to assist with transitioning of and into various roles and (cross) training aspects. Provide support to and be a go to level 1 support specifically for the sales team. Provide ‘help-desk” type for “level 2” escalated issues for the ERP system (level 1 is resolved by the area supervisor/manager or “expert on the floor”; level 3 goes to the ERP contact) Self educate continually on Company manufacturing process including but not limited to needling layouts (layouts for new styles, widths, reviewing changes made by production); Finishing and Fabrication departments. Backup resource for other ERP superusers in various departments. Maintains complete knowledge of and compiles with company and departmental polices, procedures and standards. Maintains client and company confidence by keeping information confidential and secure. Maintains a positive working relationship with team members and management in a team environment. Sets-up and organize individual work area with designated supplies, forms and resource materials while maintaining cleanliness at all times. Moderately travelling between company locations for meetings Moderately travelling to training requirements and customer site visits Manual dexterity speed and hand /eye coordination for work at a computer Supervises work activities in a single function, including scheduling, motivating, monitoring and assigning work. Responsible for all ERP technology, including proper auditing procedures performed on Technology system(s). Completion of a university degree in Computer Science & Programming with an understanding of accounting field. 5+ years of working in Programmer/Analyst and Technology focused role. Extensive experience in working with ERP/MRP/CRM systems. Extensive experience working with programs such as PHP, Java, Visual Basic Studio (C#/ C++), and database management such as SQL/MySQL including XML and XSL technologies. Exposure to Web Development tools, languages, environment, and troubleshooting. Experienced in creation of End User Documentation and Standard Operating Procedure. Experience with Quality Assurance and Software Testing Understanding of general industrial manufacturing environment, processes, and stakeholders. Project Management and coordination is an asset. 
ScrapedJobID1262:
Work carried out throughout the building, including offices, laboratories, animal rooms and mechanical rooms; Sensory attention regularly required; The work schedule requires flexibility according to the demands of current projects, as well as being on call from time to time and the ability to work at night; Handling of potentially hazardous materials. College diploma in a related field or equivalent; Stationary engine mechanic certification, class 4B; obligatory Knowledge of maintenance software is an asset; 5 years of experience in building maintenance; Experience in a pharmaceutical environment; Fluency in French is required, reading English is required; Good interpersonal and communication skills; Good analytical and problem solving skills; Ability to work with time constraints and adapt to changes; Flexibility to work with varied work schedules; Ability to work in a team; Working knowledge of the computer software used; Minimum of 3 weeks’ vacation Paid sick / personal days Paid overtime Shift premiums Paid uniform Competitive benefits starting from day one (health and dental coverage) Access to a savings and retirement program including an employer contribution Free, unlimited, and confidential access to health care professionals for you and your family, through telemedicine app Employee Assistance Programs Tuition reimbursement program Employee Activities Volunteering Program (paid day) Employee referral bonuses Relocation assistance Career advancement opportunities and training A recognition program Positive Company Values & Culture 
ScrapedJobID1263:

ScrapedJobID1264:
8 hour shift SAP Technical Architect: 5 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1265:
Performs analysis and design duties as well as programming, modelling and scripting, testing, documentation and deployment preparation. Coordinates and prepares needs analysis and detailed component design. Conducts user interviews to determine detailed systems requirements. Completes preliminary analysis, system and functional design, workflow diagrams for quality systems development. Prepares front-end prototypes and mockups of user interface. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains shared JavaScript libraries and components. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains HTML5 and hybrid mobile apps. Designs and develops systems that comply with access and privacy legislation. Coordinates and develops program specifications and documentation. Designs and conducts all levels of testing i.e. unit, system, integration, regression, performance, security, usability, optimization/configuration and coordinates user acceptance testing. Liaises and coordinates with internal and external consultants in detailed systems deliverables and technical problem resolution. Implements enterprise in-house developed/custom/packaged systems, component releases, and systems changes. Tests integrated systems to ensure system compatibility and proper functional integration. Provides application maintenance and enhancement including implementation of vendor systems fixes and patches. Conducts quality assurance on departmental and external developments. Develops systems interfaces between enterprise and divisional systems. Performs information and application data conversions. Provides development support to users by providing technical assistance and troubleshooting. Provides documentation and instruction/training to users of the system. Designs and develops application security interfaces to enable clients in controlling and administering access to their systems. Provides expertise, advice and technical skills for information and application service delivery. Conducts research and evaluation of hardware/software/framework and makes recommendations. Recommends, presents and demonstrates system solutions to City management and corporate business clients. Conducts presentations, system demonstrations and system walk-throughs at project review meetings. Participates as a team member in the execution of project plans providing technical expertise and advice re: architecture, development tools, work effort estimates. Contributes to project charters, statements of work and project plans, project status reports and variance explanations, risk identification and mitigation planning. Conducts research, investigates and recommends best practices for information and application services. Contributes to post-implementation project reviews. Recommends improvements to current methodologies, processes, standards, policies and guidelines. Contributes in planning of future system growth and provides detailed work plans. Participates in enterprise projects. Conducts feasibility studies. Contribute to business cases, RFI/P/Q's, technical reports by researching and participating in evaluations and recommending solutions. Determines user training needs. Extensive experience in business system analysis, rapid application development and programming in a large, diverse computing environment. Extensive experience in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, and Bootstrap Extensive experience in using REST APIs, including JSON and XML APIs Experience creating program specifications and code documents including use cases, business process models, swimlane process, entity relationship diagrams, class and component models Experience developing and/or maintaining large scale information technology applications Experience in working effectively with a group of multidisciplinary staff in a project team setting. Post-secondary education in computer science or a related discipline, or the approved equivalent combination of education and/or experience. Ability to effectively communicate orally and in writing. Strong inter-personal skills with the ability to work effectively as a member of a team, collaboratively with others in multidisciplinary team environment and work independently, as required. Ability to be self-motivated and work with minimal supervision. Ability to negotiate effective resolution of conflicting business priorities with corporate business Strong analytical, problem solving, listening and interacting skills. Demonstrated business acumen to establish and maintain effective consulting relationships with corporate clients and vendors, using a strong customer service orientation. Ability to work with competing demands, prioritize and meet deadlines. Knowledge of hybrid mobile apps development and Cordova is an asset. Knowledge of current and emerging technologies relating to data warehousing, e-service, quality assurance tools, data retention and document management/imaging. Experience in the following is an asset: Java, iOS mobile app development, Android mobile app development, OData, SAP Fiori, SAP UI5, SharePoint 2013, Oracle PL/SQL, Software AG WebMethods, web communication, Scrum rapid application development methodology. Ability to be on call for support of production systems. Willing to work flexible hours including days, afternoons, nights and weekends, as required. 
ScrapedJobID1266:
Plans, organizes, and evaluates the activities and operations of ERP and associated technology, in collaboration with management. Writes technology and SOPs and work instructions and maintains the master documents in a filing system that ensures retrieval when necessary. Review ERP issues with various departments and assist in determining potential impact based on knowledge of application. Becomes corporate ‘super user’ of ERP system specifically in manufacturing aspect at both 340 Huronia Road and 85 Morrow Road locations. Provide input on corrective measure to be taken and provide clarification on technology requirements with external clients (i.e., ERP). Track and maintain all records for pricing and costing from an internal auditing perspective with periodic checking including evaluation of process and approval procedures. Working with and out of both locations, provide support functions for systems for all personnel. Responsible for scheduling necessary upgrades, creating/modifying test methods as required and maintaining maintenance schedule for in-house applications. Coordinate and conduct internal Technology audits. Review activities and process outputs. Develops and maintains project plans to support all technology and Administration activities. Working with Manager, populate WIKI with ERP training information to assist with transitioning of and into various roles and (cross) training aspects. Provide support to and be a go to level 1 support specifically for the sales team. Provide ‘help-desk” type for “level 2” escalated issues for the ERP system (level 1 is resolved by the area supervisor/manager or “expert on the floor”; level 3 goes to our ERP contact) Backup resource for other ERP superusers in various departments. Maintains complete knowledge of and compiles with company and departmental polices, procedures and standards. Maintains client and company confidence by keeping information confidential and secure. Maintains a positive working relationship with team members and management in a team environment. Sets-up and organize individual work area with designated supplies, forms and resource materials while maintaining cleanliness at all times. Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program 8 hour shift Monday to Friday system administration: 1 year (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1267:
Object-Oriented Programming (C#) .Net Framework/.Net Core Azure React JS ASP.NET MVC Entity Framework Micro-Services Containers / Docker Git, JIRA, Confluence and Slack SQL and SQL Server Ensure the team meets project deliverables and deadlines Provide realistic estimations for tasks (with comprehensive inclusions and exclusions), and be able to explain deviations as well as options to address deviations Collaborate in an Agile environment with a dynamic team of software developers, architects, business analysts, product owners and quality assurance specialists Assist in the recruitment process by interviewing potential candidates Create content and contribute to internal wiki technical documentation Mentor and coach team members to ensure technical development by providing them with immediate and continuous performance feedback Innovate, challenge and refine requirements based on technical assessment Provide input and insight on architectural decisions Develop high-quality coding by adhering to the best software development practices Actively participate in code review process and provide constructive feedback Keep up with the latest technological and software development trends Ensure overall software quality and its evolution in the mid to long-term Understand, implement and maintain industry and proprietary design patterns Participate in the continuous improvement of internal processes and development tools Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Engineering or Information Technology or College Diploma combined to 5 years of relevant experience Have prior experience as Senior Developer or 7 years’ experience in software development Expert knowledge of our technologies and tools (see above) Excellent knowledge of design patterns as well as micro-services architecture Advanced knowledge of networking (proxy, certificate management, network protocol…) Excellent knowledge of French and English (spoken and written) Ability to communicate, write and synthesize information Analytical and problem-solving skills Strong sense of organization and prioritizing Ability to multi-task in a rapid-paced environment Team spirit, tact, diplomacy, autonomy, rigor and discipline Knowledge of financial and/or insurance industries Competitive compensation package Comprehensive employee benefits Career Development opportunities Flexible hours and collaborative working spaces Various social and team activities 
ScrapedJobID1268:
Assist in development and organization of written SOPs and in-house quality programs. Monitor and verify routinely all aspects of production; takes corrective actions when necessary. Review labels and raw material documentation prior to their release into inventory. Ensure compliance with all specific regulatory requirements (Food, NHP, and Dairy), Health & Safety, and company policies. Maintain current files on all Food, Natural Health Products, and export regulations. Prepare documentation and apply for regulatory permit / certificates / documentation required for exports. Ensure compliance with all aspects of HACCP program and GMPs: sanitation, pest control, sampling, microbiological and chemical food safety, hygiene, product specification, in-house SOP’s. Work on stability studies and perform micro testing. Troubleshoot QC issues that deal with production and blending using defined processes as well as brainstorm with the team, providing suggestions for solutions that contain the appropriate levels of risk. Perform tasks assigned by QA Manager in relation to: product research, program set-up, process capability studies, product, system audits, and other relevant tasks. Taste testing and completing other tests ensuring accurate recording of all test data, & evaluation of findings. Reports using the computer, and reporting process deviations and product failures, assisting in investigations and development of solutions. Assists the Quality Assurance Manager in developing and improving quality system procedures as required. Perform testing, data generation, and data analysis as necessary, through the use & knowledge of statistical problem-solving techniques. Conduct relevant physical and sensory testing on ingredients, raw materials, and finished product. Conduct in-process quality control checks, sampling, monitoring, and finished product inspection as required. Evaluate co-packed finished product to ensure conformance to standards and specifications. May assist with research and development of new products. Other duties as assigned. Must have completed successfully BCIT Food Technology Diploma or Bachelor Degree in Food Science. Prior 1-2 years’ experience working in a Food Manufacturing environment will be given priority consideration. This position involves taste testing products regularly throughout the shift. Must have no allergies to dust and common food allergens, including but not limited to eggs, dairy, whey, nuts, sulfites, & dust Should have previous experience with CFIA and NHP regulations; must be HACCP-proficient Must have CSA Steel toed boots Strongly organized detailed analytical thinker, with mathematical and/or scientific skills Capable of preparing reports and offering product/method recommendations Excellent interpersonal and communication skills (both written and verbal), with the let’s-get-it-done attitude Strong computer skills in Microsoft Office, nutrient database, statistical software; should have knowledge of Excel Incumbent work shift hours may be subjected to change with notice. Bonus pay Overtime pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Discounted or free food Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Profit sharing Tuition reimbursement Vision care 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1269:
All candidates should be able to pass a background check as well as drug screening. Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home Can you work for any employer in Canada without sponsorship? Do you reside in Canada? Bachelor's Degree (required) Software development: 5 years (required) Databases: 2 years (required) JavaScript: 1 year (preferred) C#: 4 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1270:
Overtime pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday No weekends No 
ScrapedJobID1271:
Tu maîtrises parfaitement l’Espagnol (d’Espagne) à l'écrit, à l'oral et à la lecture Tu connais la culture espagnole (d’Espagne) Tu as une bonne maîtrise de l'anglais à l'écrit, à l'oral et à la lecture Une expérience en localisation / traduction est un atout Tu as une bonne aptitude à communiquer avec tes coéquipiers Tu sais aussi bien travailler en autonomie qu’en équipe Tu connais (si tu sais utiliser c’est encore mieux !) des outils informatiques tel que Excel, Google Sheets, Google Drive et JIRA Travail à domicile Opportunités de carrière Des collègues venant des quatre coins du monde avec un esprit de cohésion Un office en face de la station de métro Rosemont Café et thé gratuits au bureau Un baby-foot (au bureau aussi) Soirée jeux vidéo avec les testeurs et le staff Des beignés le vendredi (toujours au bureau) You are fluent in written, spoken, and reading Spanish (from Europe) You are familiar with Spanish culture (from Europe) You have a good command of written, spoken, and reading English Experience in localization/translation is an asset You have good communication skills with your teammates You are able to work both independently and as part of a team You know (if you know how to use it even better!) computer tools such as Excel, Google Sheets, Google Drive, and JIRA Work from home Career opportunities Colleagues from all over the world with a cohesive spirit An office across the street from the Rosemont metro station Free coffee and tea in the office Foosball (also in the office) Gaming night with testers and the management Donuts on Fridays (also in the office) Overtime pay Casual dress Company events 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday No weekends On call Please proceed with your application if you are a Native speaker of Spain Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1272:
Providing direct support with the integration of new equipment and technology introduced in the plant related to the production and packaging processes Performing advanced electronic work, such as circuit board diagnostics and repair, creating circuits, repair circuits, deciphering circuit and ladder diagrams, understanding and manipulating PLC, creating and maintaining manufacturing solutions, diagnosing internal network problems, diagnosing machines and technology with network elements. Diagnosing equipment issues rooted in electronics failure (failed sensor, faulty cables, short on board, misaligned motor, misfiring actuator, slipping servo, etc.) Helping to improve diagnostic and repair time by implementing continuous improvement solutions Developing and implementing new customized electronic and mechanical solutions to solve manufacturing problems Integrating new assigned machines into the production floor by planning their arrival, coordinating with the manufacturer, following up with support departments, electrical work, the pre-start work, the actual implementation, and post implementation services Studying and learning equipment vendors electronics system and training other technicians and operators on them. Creating customized electronic solutions and working with software developers to make a manufacturing 4.0 solution for data collection and automation in the production lines Implementing and maintaining an inventory management system Implementing and maintaining a technology backup (BCP) process to ensure business continuity Developing the Repair Training program for equipment repair using your experience with the equipment Creating and maintaining VB programming, as well as MS Access Database of Downtime Data Integrating assigned machines into the production floor by planning their arrival, coordinating with the manufacturer, following up with support departments, electrical work, the pre-start work, the actual implementation, and post implementation services Analyzing downtime data, making graphs using Excel, and presenting downtime and assessment for reasons of downtime to support continuous improvement initiatives Maintaining manufacturing machinery systems in proper working order to ensure business continuity and minimize production downtime Providing daily reports, weekly, monthly KPI (key performance indices) reports Maintaining a log of all work done during the shift that relates to machines and items related to ongoing developments or projects Maintaining the inventory system that serves as the foundation for parts usage tracking, machines parts usage tracking, parts reordering process, and parts reception process Communicating technical information and concepts to different audiences in a variety of formats, internally and externally Attending weekly Engineering team meetings and updating the team on assigned projects, tasks, and ongoing problems, utilizing the forum to discuss road blocks and improving overall manufacturing performance Focusing on quality and working towards a goal of being World Class by continuously practicing Six Sigma-Lean manufacturing approach to monitoring, controlling and improving the department’s key performance indicators Covering other shifts as needed with short notice to assist with coverage needs Creating purchase requests, following up with Purchasing and Finance to ensure orders are placed and executed, to their final reception and audit. Manage & resolve procurement issues. Leading the Quality Improvement Program in maintenance (Quality focused project work) Leading the Procurement Processes for Maintenance of parts, consumables, and equipment Supporting and working on Facilities work around the plan with Facilities dept. Coordinating projects directly within production floor assigned to you by management Maintaining a clean work environment and practicing the principles of 5S daily Attend trainings abroad for equipment training when required Train others as needed and informally supervise more junior technicians At least 4 years’ working in IT Electronics Engineering At least 4 years’ experience working in any capacity of electro-mechanical automation, or Internet of Things, or programming basic code to control, read, manipulate electro-mechanical devices/computer systems, or hardware integration experience integrating electro-mechanical devices/computer systems At least 2 years’ experience working with mechanical and electrical tools to troubleshoot and do basic repairs of equipment. Be able to demonstrate a history of positive attitude Prior Experience working as either one of manufacturing technician/engineer, aircraft mechanic, hands-on repairman, IT specialist, Automation Expert, mechanical technician, electrician, etc. Experience with taking backups of computer systems, restoring computers Must have experience with troubleshooting electrical and basic mechanical issues (beginner level) Knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite, Outlook emailing, Calendar, Word, PowerPoint, and Excel. Experience with reading and deciphering technical documentation, parts diagrams, etc. Knowledge of task management and ability to prioritize your work. Professional attitude, able to work well in a fast-paced environment, self-motivated, a quick-learner, with ability to receive direction and feedback positively Excellent Team player with proven ability to accomplish goals through collaboration Ability to operate effectively and autonomously across multiple teams in situations of ambiguity leveraging problem solving skills and a willingness to learn with only high-level direction Organized with strong attention to detail, time management skills and a problem-solver Ability to learn to understand the mechanical flow of material through equipment to understand the overall workings of the equipment. Ability to work with team mates for a collected approach on complex evolving problems Bachelor’s degree or post-secondary Diploma with either a Mechanical or Electrical or IT or Engineering focus 4 or more years of experience in electro-mechanical equipment in a manufacturing environment Possess an understanding of the philosophy and application of Total Preventive Maintenance Prior experience working with other departments (Quality Assurance, New Product Introduction NPI, IT, and Logistics) to administer quality validations, ensure NPI processes followed, fulfill communication with logistics for shipping and receiving of engineering products. Experience repairing mailing and packaging equipment (Bell & Howell or Pitney Bowes) Experience or training with embossing machinery (Datacard/Matica equipment) Knowledge of industrial and safety regulations related to machinery such as OHSA regulations and electrical, building and fire codes Experience with inventory management and control Prior experience communicating pertinent and technical information to external customers and other stakeholders on a regular basis Prior experience managing complex projects involving multiple stakeholders/ technologies and requirements autonomously Experience working in Card Personalization Center and it’s regulatory requirements Experience with Kaizen, Lean Manufacturing, Six Sigma continuous improvement processes like DMAIC Experience capturing and reporting on Key Performance Indices related to Maintenance Experience using Oracle or Other Inventory Management ERP system for order placing and inventory control Experience coordinating work and project actions with vendors to their completion through follow-ups Knowledge being able to read and review PLC, circuit logic, electrical repairs and assessments Experience with mechanical repairs, machine shop tools, key mechanical concepts and pneumatic systems A+ Certification or N+ Certification is an asset 
ScrapedJobID1273:
Provide IT application support to the business through the following: Research, design, document, modify software specifications, and analyze business needs in collaboration with the Business Analysts, and communicate with project stakeholders throughout the production life cycle Answer technical and procedural questions Define and implement process improvements, and mentor and guide other team members and staff Establish personal rapport with internal and external stakeholders to understand service requirements Arrange project requirements in programming sequence by analyzing requirements Prepare specifications using knowledge of systems, applications, subject matter, programming language. Confirm applications are operating and functioning correctly by conducting tests Maintain computer systems and programming guidelines by writing and updating policies and procedures, and assisting with knowledge transfer as necessary and required Maintain professional and technical knowledge and stays current on technology Contribute to a team-oriented environment by accomplishing related tasks as needed Provide support services to internal and external stakeholders via email, phone or in-person in a professional manner Triage, analyze, diagnose and troubleshoot existing software applications problems as reported by clients and staff Provide guidance to client and staff in order to perform corrective actions Create software application account profiles and ensure appropriate access for all environments Ensure corporate standards and policies are adopted and sustained Assist with technical tasks including starting/stopping scheduled jobs, running scripts, running reports, retrieving files and logs Create processes, guides and support related documentation Develop SQL scripts and stored procedures for applications and SSRS reports Design and develop SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) reports Diploma or university degree in computer science, or business administration or equivalent work experience is required 5+ years’ experience business applications programming 2+ years’ experience in systems analysis 2+ years’ experience in SQL Experience in .NET and or Java programming is an asset. Knowledge of automation best practices and automation strategy Knowledge of system testing best practices and methodologies Broad knowledge of applications, computer-based information systems, networking, system management, security, telecommunications, web technologies and user support services as required Able to provide or gather detailed estimates for timelines on the software development life cycle Proven data analysis, data verification, and problem-solving abilities Excellent written and oral communication skills; ability to communicate ideas in both technical and user-friendly language Excellent listening, presentation, and interpersonal skills Knowledge of ITIL considered an asset Knowledge of Adobe LiveCycle (ALC) and Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) considered an asset Able to prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment Experience working independently and in a team-oriented and collaborative environment Strong attention to detail and effective time management skills Experience working in agile methodology is an asset Satisfactory Criminal Record Check and legal entitlement to work in Canada Market-competitive pay structures Paid Vacation & Sick Leaves Maternity, Parental and/or Adoption Leave Top-Up Program 100% Employer-Paid Health Benefit Plan Retirement Savings Plans with Employer Matching Scheme Ongoing Financial Wellness Seminars Corporate Discounted Programs + Wellness Program Employee Assistance Program (EAP) for our employees and their families! Casual dress Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Wellness program Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1274:
Plan, execute, and finalize a wide range of Audit, Review, and Compilation (T1, T2, T3, T5) engagements, both independently and as part of a team governed with Canadian Auditing and Review standards. Supervise junior staff during field assignments, inform managers of engagement status, and manage the outlined engagement progress. Review work performed by junior and intermediate team members for larger assurance engagements. Provide effective leadership, mentorship, and skills development that support the values of the F. Analyze financial information, accounting processes and operations procedures; provide account reconciliations and propose adjusting entries. Prepare and review financial statements and related note disclosures. Ensure financial statements and note disclosures are in accordance with Canadian generally accepted accounting principles (ASPE only). Assess risk, controls, operational performance and adherence to GAAP. Prepare corporate income tax returns. Collaborate with the tax department on client tax planning opportunities. Prepare personal and non-profit organization information and charitable tax returns. Collaborate with peers and senior management on file planning and completion within time constraints. Provide personal, attentive service to clients to encourage productive working relationships. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with clients including communication to arrange timing of year-end inventory counts, interim, and year-end fieldwork. Develop appropriate knowledge, skills and competence consistent with CPA professional development requirements and professional competencies. Other related duties as assigned. CPA designation with a minimum of 5 years’ experience in audit and assurance required. Working knowledge of ASPE standards required. Proficiency with Caseware or other accounting software is preferred. Proficiency with Microsoft Office programs (Word, Excel, etc.) required. Related experience supporting owner-managed private corporations is an asset. Familiarity with various accounting programs and software is considered an asset. Strong project management, problem-solving, time management and prioritizing skills. Dedication to teamwork, leadership, and integrity within a professional environment. Excellent communication skills, with previous experience in a customer service-related position; strong interpersonal and relationship building skills. Commitment to continuous learning. Commitment to organization and high performance. Reliable vehicle and good driving record required as this role will require limited local travel. Culture of lifelong learning Supportive and collaborative work environment Enthusiastic and participative team spirit Commitment to community engagement Flexible hours to allow for work life balance Casual Friday dress policy Competitive and comprehensive benefits Accounting: 5 years (Preferred) Bachelor's Degree (Preferred) CPA (Preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1275:
Contribute to quality control by reviewing analytical procedures, procedure forms, or other related documentation to assigned studies. Follow and ensure the application of GLP, SOPs, special procedures and health and safety rules on their assigned studies. Perform and review tabulation of results and participate in writing the study report. Collaborate with the Scientist to compile and assemble study deliverables in an audit ready state for submission to the Quality Assurance department (QA) and answer QA findings. Preparing or revision of the study summary (e.g. MQS, MVS) when required. Perform all other related duties as assigned. DEC in sciences or AEC Laboratory experience An equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered an acceptable substitute for the specific education and experience listed above. Be able to work as part of a team. Have a positive attitude, good interpersonal relationships and professionalism. Adapt to changes. Actively participate in departmental meetings to improve performance and quality. Good understanding of Microsoft Office software and data generating software used in the department relevant to their role. Minimum of 3 weeks’ vacation ; Paid sick / personal days ; Paid overtime ; Competitive benefits starting from day one (health and dental coverage) ; Access to a savings and retirement program including an employer contribution ; Free, unlimited, and confidential access to health care professionals for you and your family, through telemedicine app ; Employee Assistance Programs ; Tuition reimbursement program ; Employee Activities ; Volunteering Program (paid day) ; Employee referral bonuses ; Relocation assistance ; Career advancement opportunities and training ; A recognition program ; Positive Company Values & Culture ; Shuttle service from the Sainte-Anne-de Bellevue train station and from John Abbott College to the Senneville site ; Free parking. 
ScrapedJobID1276:
Établit des relations de travail efficaces et de confiance avec tous les partenaires commerciaux et informatiques dans les domaines de responsabilité et de collaboration. Développe la connaissance des processus commerciaux, des tendances de l'industrie et des systèmes informatiques pour mieux communiquer les capacités informatiques et soutenir le développement de solutions informatiques et d'architecture. Prend en charge la définition, le développement et la maintenance des plans stratégiques et opérationnels informatiques qui soutiennent la mission, les valeurs et les objectifs commerciaux. Participe à la mise en "uvre du portefeuille de projets informatiques. Collabore avec des équipes interfonctionnelles et d'autres membres du personnel technique pour mettre en "uvre et intégrer efficacement de nouvelles technologies et applications. Identifie de manière proactive les risques et les problèmes du projet ; aide à déterminer les étapes d'escalade, d'atténuation et de résolution nécessaires. Communique régulièrement l'état des livrables, les préoccupations et les problèmes au superviseur direct et au gestionnaire de projet. Aide à estimer les coûts et les délais du projet, à évaluer les capacités et les besoins en soutien/ressources dans le domaine de responsabilité. Crée, examine et met à jour la documentation requise pour les changements et les projets assignés conformément à la méthodologie informatique. Participe à la gestion de l'adoption de nouveaux systèmes, fonctions et technologies, y compris le développement et la prestation de la formation des utilisateurs finaux assignée. Participe à la planification des projets et contribue à l'élaboration des plans de projet. Effectue la modification et l'installation des systèmes tel qu'assigné. Prend en charge le développement de spécifications techniques pour les modifications du système afin de répondre aux exigences commerciales et système documentées avec une solution efficace. Assure la qualité informatique, la conformité légale et réglementaire grâce au respect des normes de contrôle de la qualité dans toutes les activités. Prend en charge le développement, la documentation et l'évolution des politiques, procédures et outils informatiques pour s'aligner sur les stratégies commerciales et informatiques et assurer la durabilité des services. Développe un niveau croissant d'expérience dans les compétences techniques et professionnelles requises pour accomplir les tâches assignées. Communique régulièrement l'état des tâches individuelles, les problèmes ouverts et les défis aux parties prenantes concernées et/ou au responsable direct. Surveiller et résoudre les problèmes et les changements assignés pour assurer une résolution rapide ; informe régulièrement les parties prenantes des progrès accomplis. Effectue l'administration des plates-formes technologiques assignées pour maintenir un fonctionnement efficace et une disponibilité constante. Prend en charge l'amélioration continue des systèmes et des services pour améliorer l'efficacité informatique et les performances du système. Travaille directement avec les utilisateurs des systèmes assignés en tant que ressource technique pour planifier les changements opérationnels et résoudre les problèmes. Aide à la documentation des meilleures pratiques de l'industrie et des TI dans les domaines de responsabilité et d'expertise. Assiste ses pairs dans l'accomplissement des tâches de routine en partageant les connaissances et l'expérience. Participe à l'évaluation des technologies émergentes pour l'entreprise; contribue à la planification de l'adoption de la technologie et de son intégration aux systèmes existants. Peut participer à l'élaboration de programmes de formation continue des utilisateurs et à la formation technique/professionnelle du personnel informatique. Comprend et applique les principes d'amélioration continue aux processus commerciaux et informatiques dans le domaine de responsabilité. Assure la conformité aux politiques technologiques et aux exigences réglementaires et prend les mesures appropriées pour atténuer les risques et résoudre les problèmes. Cherche et aborde de manière proactive les opportunités opérationnelles de réduction des coûts tout en maintenant ou en améliorant l'efficience et l'efficacité des TI. Développe et promeut des idées pour l'amélioration continue des technologies, des services et des procédures informatiques avec la direction informatique et l'équipe d'amélioration des processus informatiques. Identifie et conseille activement la direction informatique des risques commerciaux, techniques et de conformité potentiels liés à la fourniture de services informatiques. Au moins un domaine spécifique des plateformes technologiques informatiques Analyse de la cause originelle La gestion des incidents Gestion du changement et de l'adoption Analyser et résoudre des problèmes de façon autonome Gestion des risques Principes d'amélioration des processus Méthodologies et pratiques de gestion de projet Connaissance des services informatiques, des processus et des modèles de fonctionnement Architecture des systèmes Être soucieux du détail et être multitâche efficacement Réseautage et collaboration Communication écrite et orale Travailler de manière autonome ainsi qu'au sein d'un environnement d'équipe Productivité et gestion du temps Être soucieux du détail et être multitâche efficacement Gestion du cycle de vie du système Builds effective and trusting working relationships with all business and IT partners in areas of responsibility and collaboration. Develops knowledge of business processes, industry trends, and IT systems to better communicate IT capabilities and support IT solutions and architecture development. Supports the definition, development, and maintenance of IT strategic and operational plans that support mission, values, and business objectives. Participates in the implementation of the IT project portfolio. Collaborates with cross-functional teams and other technical staff to effectively implement and integrate new technologies and applications. Proactively identifies project risks and issues; helps determine necessary escalation, mitigation, and resolution steps. Regularly communicates deliverables status, concerns, and issues to direct supervisor and the Project Manager. Assists in estimating project cost and time requirements, assessing capabilities and support/resource requirements in area of responsibility. Creates, reviews, and updates required documentation for changes and projects as assigned in accordance with IT Methodology. Participates in adoption management of new systems, functions, and technologies, including the development and delivery of end user training as assigned. Participates in the planning of projects and contributes to developing project plans. Performs modification and installation of systems as assigned. Supports the development of technical specifications for system modifications to fulfill documented business and system requirements with an effective solution. Ensures IT quality, legal, and regulatory compliance through adherence to quality control standards in all activities. Supports the development, documentation, and evolution of IT policies, procedures, and tools to align with business and IT strategies and ensure sustainability of services. Develops an increasing level of experience in technical and professional skills required to perform assigned job duties. Regularly communicates individual task status, open issues, and challenges to impacted stakeholders and/or direct manager. Monitors and addresses assigned issues and changes to ensure timely resolution; updates stakeholders regularly on progress. Performs administration of technology platforms as assigned to maintain effective operation and consistent availability. Supports the continuous enhancement of systems and services to improve IT effectiveness and system performance. Works directly with users of assigned systems as a technical resource for planning operational changes and addressing issues. Assists in documentation of industry and IT best practices in areas of responsibility and expertise. Assists peers in completion of routine assignments by sharing knowledge and experience. Participates in the assessment of emerging technologies for the company; contributes to planning technology adoption and integration with existing systems. May participate in the development of ongoing user education programs and technical/professional training of IT staff. Understands and applies continuous improvement principles to business and IT processes in area of responsibility. Ensures compliance with technology policies and regulatory requirements and takes appropriate action to mitigate risks and resolve issues. Proactively seeks and addresses operational opportunities for cost reduction while maintaining or improving IT efficiency and effectiveness. Develops and promotes ideas for the continuous improvement of IT technologies, services, and procedures with IT leadership and the IT Process Improvement team. Actively identifies and advises IT management of potential business, technical, and compliance risks relating to the delivery of IT services. At least one specific area of IT technology platforms Root cause analysis Incident management Change and adoption management Analyzing and solving problems independently Risk management Process improvement principles Project management methodologies and practices Knowledge of IT services, processes, and operating models Systems architecture Being detail-oriented and multitasking efficiently Networking and collaboration Written and spoken communications Working independently as well as within a team environment Productivity and time management Being detail-oriented and multitasking efficiently System lifecycle management 
ScrapedJobID1277:
Leading the maintenance of the Agency’s various computer applications and systems by: Collaborating with the Manager and IS personnel to determine the solution architecture for new projects. Identifying, correcting and/or determining solutions to software quality issues. Identifying and evaluating software solutions. Coaching and mentoring IS team on best practices and development techniques. Developing, maintaining, and providing training on best practice coding standards. Performing code review meetings with Development team. Developing programmer documentation to support the application and provide relevant training. Leading and participating in technical design meetings related to SAMA's development/maintenance tasks. Creating deployment processes and documentation. Developing plans, schedules, and estimates for design and coding of complex applications. Communicating programming efforts, status, and timelines. Working with the development and support teams to design, develop, implement and maintain external applications for the Saskatchewan Property Assessment Network (SPAN) i.e. Sales Interface, SAMAView, etc. Developing and maintaining custom interfaces (forms) for the Agency's CAMA system. Developing processes and jobs to automate tasks. Providing reports and ad hoc data extracts. Working with end users to determine application and/or report requirements. Provide end user support by leading or assisting others in the investigation, troubleshooting and resolution of reported issues. University degree or post-secondary diploma in an IT field 10+ years programming and/or application development experience Demonstrated leadership experience in the IT field Proficient in use of software programs (e.g., Azure DevOps, .Net, SQL Server) in a Microsoft Windows environment Solid knowledge of various programming languages (e.g., SQL, VB.Net, C#, Java, Python, etc.) Industry recognized certification (e.g., Microsoft Certified Solutions Developer MCSD) would be considered an asset Strong problem-solving skills Good prioritization skills Excellent written and oral communication skills Ability to work independently or with limited supervision. 
ScrapedJobID1278:
Deploy, maintain, and troubleshoot core business applications, including application servers, associated hardware, endpoints, and databases Meet and coordinate with internal and external stakeholders to establish project scope, system goals, and requirements Develop, analyze, prioritize, and organize requirement specifications, data mapping, diagrams, and flowcharts for developers and testers to follow Translate non-technical requirements into clear, highly technical specifications and vice versa Produce all low-level design for projects and the necessary documentation (i.e. UML class diagrams, table design, flows, program specs, etc.) Manage the set-up and configuration of systems Define and coordinate the execution of testing procedures, and develop test cases to serve the overall quality assurance process Provide documentation of all processes and training as needed Perform design and code reviews as needed Develop and implement maintenance procedures, monitor systems health, gather system statistics, and troubleshoot reported errors and alarms Implement best practices for scalability, supportability, ease of maintenance, and system performance 15+ years of experience with information technologies and systems analysis, ideally in the financial technology industry Bachelor's degree in computer science of information technology Patterns and Microservices are an asset MuleSoft is a big asset Expertise in the design, development and deployment of enterprise-level N-tier architecture in a Microsoft .Net Framework or Java Enterprise Edition platform. Proven ability to assess business needs and translate them into relevant solutions Proven experience in producing all low-level design for projects and the necessary documentation (i.e. UML class diagrams, table design, flows, program specs, etc.) Strong understanding and knowledge of the principles and practices associated with database maintenance and administration Experience installing, configuring, documenting, testing, training, and implementing new applications and systems Working knowledge of a wide variety of programming languages (specifically, experience in C# and JavaScript, working with RESTful APIs and with relational databases (SQL)) Experience in an Agile development environment 
ScrapedJobID1279:
Hands on experience in native mobile automation development (Android and iOS) using Java and Appium Good understanding of core Java Hands on experience in API/Service testing using tools such as Parasoft SOATest, SoapUI, ReadyAPI, Postman Experience working with software delivery methodologies (Agile) Experience leveraging source code management tools, i.e., Git, BitBucket, GitHub Experience with BDD using Cucumber (Nice to have) Experience with Jenkins (Nice to have) Experience with HP ALM, JIRA and Confluence 8 hour shift Quality Assurance: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1280:
5+ years of experience building sophisticated and automated Cloud infrastructure (e.g. Azure, AWS) Experience with project management tools (e.g. JIRA, Azure DevOps, Zephyr) Experience working with open source and COTS development tools (e.g. Git, GitHub, Maven, VS Code, SonarQube, Docker, IntelliJ IDEA) Experience with Azure cloud resource types as follows: Storage accounts, Kubernetes Services, Event Hubs, App Registrations, Application Insights, Function Apps, Virtual Networks, Key Vaults, Load balancers, API connections Experience with Microsoft Lifecycle Services (LCS) Experience with automation in a production environment Experience with seamless/automated build scripts used for release management across all environments. 5+ years of experience building sophisticated and automated Cloud infrastructure (e.g. Azure, AWS) Experience with automation in a production environment Experience with project management tools (e.g. JIRA, Azure DevOps, Zephyr) Experience working with open source and COTS development tools (e.g. Git, GitHub, Maven, VS Code, SonarQube, Docker, IntelliJ IDEA) Experience with Microsoft Lifecycle Services (LCS)? Experience with dotnet, Java, Python, Ruby, and Microsoft technologies Experience with log/event streaming (Events hubs, RabbitMQ, Kafka) Experience and ability to set up Monitoring and Analytics (ELK, ECK, Beats, Azure Monitor, Azure Insights) Completed Post-Secondary education in Computer Science, IT or related areas OR equivalent combination of education and experience Strong working knowledge of coding languages and frameworks (e.g. BASH, Powershell) Knowledge of IP networking, VPN's, DNS, load balancing and firewalls Demonstrated problem-solving and troubleshooting skills Experience with dotnet, Java, Python, Ruby, and Microsoft technologies Knowledge on how to design and support Continuous Integration and Deployment (CICD) pipelines using ADO , VSTS, Jenkins for Serverless apps (Azure Functions), Dynamics F&O code and data, as well as for Azure SQL Databases, MySQL, MSSQL, NoSQL etc. Experience with log/event streaming (Events hubs, RabbitMQ, Kafka) Experience and ability to set up Monitoring and Analytics (ELK, ECK, Beats, Azure Monitor, Azure Insights) Knowledge on how to design and support Continuous Integration and Deployment (CICD) pipelines using ADO , VSTS, Jenkins for Serverless apps (Azure Functions), Dynamics F&O code and data, as well as for Azure SQL Databases, MySQL, MSSQL, NoSQL etc. Experience and Skill Set Requirements Education/Knowledge Requirements: 20% Completed Post-Secondary education in Computer Science, IT or related areas OR equivalent combination of education and experience Strong working knowledge of coding languages and frameworks (e.g. BASH, Powershell) Knowledge on how to design and support Continuous Integration and Deployment (CICD) pipelines using ADO , VSTS, Jenkins for Serverless apps (Azure Functions), Dynamics F&O code and data, as well as for Azure SQL Databases, MySQL, MSSQL, NoSQL etc. Knowledge of IP networking, VPN's, DNS, load balancing and firewalls Experience working with open source and COTS development tools (e.g. Git, GitHub, Maven, VS Code, SonarQube, Docker, IntelliJ IDEA) Experience with Microsoft Lifecycle Services (LCS) Experience with dotnet, Java, Python, Ruby, and Microsoft technologies Experience with log/event streaming (Events hubs, RabbitMQ, Kafka) Experience and ability to set up Monitoring and Analytics (ELK, ECK, Beats, Azure Monitor, Azure Insights). Manage code releases Assist with automation and streamlining of OCS operations and processes Troubleshoot and resolve issues in the OCS environment related to automation and IT infrastructure Collaborate with software developers and Quality Assurance (QA) in a DevOps environment Perform code reviews and versioning control for deployments in Dynamics 365, Shopify and custom-built OCS solutions Provide and maintain code branching strategies and code check-in strategies Identify code merging issues and assist development team with resolution Facilitate code validation sessions, develop test cases and assist/drive running of SIT and DIT tests Automate, provide guidance and drive the build and deployment of code packages for the OCS Development Team within development and production environments Identify areas of opportunity for further automation and re-usable code of testing of in-house development Participate in strategic project-planning meetings Provide expertise on system options, evaluate risk and impact to the business Assist with maintenance and troubleshooting and provide recommendations for enhancing performance Partner closely with internal business stakeholders to manage application infrastructure, configuration and deployment in Quality Assurance, User Acceptance Testing and Production environments Analyze end systems and infrastructure, provide guidance for enhancing performance, automation and stability via gap analysis Troubleshoot and provide strategic insight into recurring issues within production environments Administer and provision cloud and SQL server infrastructure, access and deployments Self-starter with the ability to quickly learn new tools and products Excellent verbal and written documentation skills. 
ScrapedJobID1281:
Leadership: Provides leadership and direction to assigned Internal Audit staff including recruitment, ongoing training and development, knowledge-sharing, coaching, goal-setting and performance management. IT & Cybersecurity Audit Management and Delivery: Plans the objectives and scope for comprehensive IT and cybersecurity assurance and consulting engagements using a risk-based approach. Designs and develops risk-based audit programs and related procedures for areas in the IT and cybersecurity audit universe. Completes files to ensure sufficient work was completed and evidence obtained to meet the objectives of the engagement. While there is no permanent supervisory responsibilities, supervises or assists on an as-needed basis, a team of internal auditors and/or external consultants to complete specific IT or cybersecurity audit engagements, integrated audit engagements with such components, or general audit engagements with no such components, where possible. Reporting and Communication: Delves into audit findings to isolate and identify root causes of control deficiencies. Writes concise, risk-focused reports with pragmatic recommendations. Communicates with and engages stakeholders in a diplomatic and tactful manner, in discussions of complex and sensitive issues, audit findings, and recommendations. Facilitates and ensures open communication with other members of the Internal Audit department, as well as IT, Risk, external auditors, regulators and other organizational partners, in the areas of IT and cybersecurity controls, risk management, governance, regulatory compliance, and internal policies/procedures. Guidance, Assistance and Thought Leadership: Assists the Internal Audit leadership team in managing and updating the IT and cybersecurity audit universe, as well as performing the risk assessment and developing an IT and cybersecurity audit plan, by staying current with the Credit Union’s business operations, IT and cybersecurity environment and major projects, as well as changing regulations, and emerging risks. Provides advice to and perform value-add activities for key internal stakeholders (e.g., IT and Risk), without compromising independence and objectivity, on IT and cybersecurity risk management, control and governance processes, and recommends process improvements to mitigate risk to the Credit Union. Provides technical expertise and appropriate training to members of the Internal Audit department relative to TeamMate and ACL, and acts as the administrator of these applications by managing software upgrades, configurations, user privileges and user access, among others. Professional Standards: Ensures adherence to the IIA Standards and maintains a professional standard of conduct. Maintains an understanding of departmental quality standards, policies and procedures, industry regulations, and relevant organizational policies and procedures, and imparts that understanding to the Internal Audit team and incorporates it into all assurance, consulting, and value-add activities. Keeps abreast of leading practices, latest trends, and technological and cybersecurity developments, and incorporates them into engagements. Internal Audit Development and Advancement: Assists the Internal Audit leadership team in establishing, developing and maturing the IT and cybersecurity audit practice/service by providing technical expertise and developing IT and cybersecurity audit-specific tools, practices and methodologies. Contributes to the advancement of overall Internal Audit practices and methodologies by providing technical guidance and assistance in implementing and maturing continuous auditing capabilities, and automating manual testing procedures by leveraging application controls and data analytics. Bachelor's Degree in one of the following area's of study: Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Business Administration or equivalent Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA), Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), Certified Information Security Manager (CISM), Certified in Risk and Information Systems Control (CRISC), or another related IT designation Minimum 5 years of IT and cybersecurity auditing and/or risk management experience in a wide range of areas, such as cybersecurity (e.g., vulnerability assessment, incident management, etc.), IT and data governance, cloud computing (e.g., PaaS, SaaS, etc.), applications (e.g., web services, application controls and system development lifecycle), infrastructure services and components (e.g., servers, databases and networks), disaster recovery planning, and IT general controls, among others. Advanced understanding of IT and cybersecurity-specific risks and controls, as well as related frameworks, standards or guides (e.g., COBIT, NIST, ITIL, IIA GTAG, ISO 27001, 27002, SOC (SSAE16/CSAE3416), etc.), relevant regulatory requirements (e.g., OSFI cybersecurity guidance, PIPEDA/PIPA, Interac, PCI DSS, etc.), and industry leading practices and risk trends Demonstrated ability to understand and/or analyze the relationship between information technology and cybersecurity risk, and the underlying business risk or objective Proficient in applying auditing and analytical techniques, including the use of relevant IT and cybersecurity-related frameworks, standards or guides Knowledge of auditing principles and practices Proficiency with data analytics and CAATs tools Excellent interpersonal skills, with the ability to interact effectively and build relationships with all levels of the organization Strong written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to present information in a clear and concise manner Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to effectively process a large volume of information and/or uncertainty, draw meaningful and persuasive conclusions, and develop practical recommendations to improve the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the organization Ability to exercise sound professional judgement A competitive base salary plus performance-based incentive compensation Annual merit pay increases Flexible benefits as well as support for retirement benefits Vacation time, a flexible “Day4U” and the option to purchase up to five additional vacation days Other financial perks such as our Employee Banking Advantages which includes waived or reduced financial service fees, reduced rates on personal loans, mortgages and no-interest loans on lifestyle-related items that promote health, wellness, learning and business aptitude 
ScrapedJobID1282:
Deliver training and demonstrations for new/prospective hires, application rollouts and refresher sessions on business applications in one-on-one and group settings; Provide support for business applications by: offering on-demand assistance and solutions to inquiries from application users, administering the applications, troubleshooting; and maintaining data quality; Create and maintain training materials such as user guides and online tutorials; Generate and maintain reports on application content and usage on a regular and ad-hoc basis; Report/track bugs and requests for application enhancements; Quality assurance and regression testing of application upgrades, enhancements and bug fixes; Special projects as necessary. University Degree or post-secondary accreditations that would contribute to the role; Aptitude for technology to master how various applications work and the processes behind the applications; Ability to understand technical concepts and translate them into practical processes by taking a contextual approach to learning the applications and their challenges; Resourceful, logical and analytical thinker to troubleshoot and resolve issues; Positive professionalism with clear and concise communication skills, both written and verbal, with high attention to detail and accuracy; Experience training end users on software in both group and one-on-one settings, in-person or remotely; Service-oriented with superior organization and follow-up skills; Demonstrate both independent initiative and the ability to excel in flexible, team-based environments; Knowledge of the financial services industry and its operational processes and tools; Experience in CRMs, deal management, order management, and especially financial planning, technologies would be a definite asset; High proficiency with Microsoft Office applications. 
ScrapedJobID1283:
Lead development team delivering solution enhancing existing processes Identify development and deployment process improvement opportunity Conduct independent analysis and assessment on AWS development capabilities Own/coordinate solution development and operation processes to ensure timely delivery Conduct solution / code review to ensure alignment with best practice and provides feedback in constructive manner. Provide active contribution to the technical discussion and assist defining product roadmap Interact with technology stakeholders to understand the requirement and integrated system / solution Design, develop, and test solution to automate and streamline manual process Work collaboratively with development teams, cloud engineering, and other technology partners Liaise with architecture to ensure API functional and non-functional requirements are considered (i.e. security, compatibility and maintainability) Support assessment of incorporating various AWS technology / features Support reporting and analysis of key delivery metric to senior leadership Documents the requirement, detail technical design, and supporting materials Utilize various DevOps tools to deliver projects / products systematically, enabling continue integration, automated testing, rapid features delivery Stays abreast of industry technical and business trends through participation in professional association, practice communities and individual learning Bachelor’s degree or higher in computer science, engineering, or a related field, and programming experience with extensive business knowledge 5+ years of design and development experience building highly scalable APIs and Application Integration solutions. 5+ years of combined experience in AWS native design, development, technology operations 3+ years of experience leading development teams, mentoring junior team members, overseeing code quality and evangelizing best practices. Understanding of SSL/TLS security High-level understanding of OAuth security model Knowledge in API Connect implementation of REST APIs, SOAP APIs, also API standards such as YAML and Swagger Experience in using Postman/SoapUI or other REST service testing & development tools Proficient knowledge of software development practices, Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Quality Assurance requirements and software development control and release procedures Professional experience in developing AWS serverless solution design, development, and deployment Must have proficient foundational development knowledge with Node.js, Java, nice to have Python, JavaScript Proficient experience in AWS core integration stacks, including but not limited API Gateway, AWS Lambda, AWS Step Functions, AWS DynamoDB, AWS API Gateway, AWS Serverless stack, AWS S3, AWS SNS and SQS, SSM, IAM ; Dynatrace, Cloudwatch Cloud Formation, X-Ray etc Experience with DevOps, CI/CD automation: AWS DevOps Pipeline CI/CD process, DevOps tool JIRA, BitBucket, Bamboo, would be an asset Demonstrate knowledge of different database technologies, including RDBMS and No-SQL. Nice to have experience in Tibco BW, Tibco BE and EMS development 
ScrapedJobID1284:
The development of software solutions using IBM Curam solutions, as well as other Social Services/Social Security solutions. Own the design of the corresponding integration and validate it with the project team Working with client and internal business analysts to understand business requirements and conclude a technical solution and design. Determine technical feasibility and solve problems by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development, and proposed solutions. Document software and develop acceptance and unit tests. Supporting the development aspects of projects and developing software code when required. Working on integration development using CI/CD solution. 5+ years of relevant experience as an integration developer . 2+ years using IBM Curam solutions. IBM Curam certifications. Broad knowledge of Enterprise Application Integration (EAI) and Enterprise Data Integration (EDI) Extensive experience in developing and deployment of Restful and Web Services Experience with JMS (Java Messaging Service) or SQS/SNS, or Any point MQ or similar messaging technologies. Familiar with Software Delivery Lifecycle best practices as it relates to integration design, build, test and deployment. Superior verbal and written communication skills. Proven ability to deliver technical aspects in all stages of the project development life cycle. Strong understanding of Agile / Iterative delivery methodology. Good analytical and problem solving skills to overcome technical challenges to satisfy business requirements. Strong commitment to professional and client service excellence. Exposure to multiple middleware platform (IBM / TIBCO / Oracle ESB /webMethods/Boomi) Experience in building and packaging contents with Docker, Maven, Jenkins, or other continuous integration software. Previous full time experience as a consultant within a consulting firm. Experience in business application design, Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) and implementation projects for large IT organizations using systems integration methods and technologies including experience with web services You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID1285:

ScrapedJobID1286:
Negotiate, develop, monitor and control the scope of deliverables, work plans, schedules and budgets for all project stages Prior experience in project delivery, project management, and client management is required Develop a detailed work plan for all mechanical disciplines, allocate hours to the work plan and monitor project progress weekly Lead an integrated team in the quality assurance and quality control procedures for all deliverables, specifically the construction drawings and specifications Lead and attend regular coordination meetings Demonstrate an ability to coordinate with other team members and to collaborate with other professional disciplines Maintain a good understanding of the project scope and when changes to the scope occur, negotiate solutions to ensure outcomes meet client expectations and contractual obligations; prepare PCNs as required Ensure timely communications throughout all project phases, develop and maintain meeting minutes, and follow up on all action items Comply with Quality Management System (IQMS) methodology; develop, monitor and control scope, deliverables, work plan, schedules and budget for all project stages Monitor, control and report project progress (% complete) on a monthly basis as part of the project review process Participate in monthly project reviews to review project, budget work plan, schedule and risks Coordinate with contractor, sub-consultants or relevant building authorities to address and document issues with constructability or owner concerns Attend and conduct progress meetings before, during, and after the duration of the project to exchange information and resolve issues or concerns with various key stakeholders; prepare and issue meeting minutes Ensure that all project close out documents are submitted and forwarded to appropriate parties upon completion of the project Act as the primary liaison with the client, contractor and project team Ensure close client relationships are maintained through regular contact; stays informed of changing needs and direction Participate in client planning sessions to prioritize activities and make client presentations as required Maintains and develops positive client relations to ensure business continuity and promote business growth Support new business opportunities by leveraging existing contacts Maximize growth and increase market share by identifying potential business opportunities Manages the operational side of projects by ensuring that project and business risks are identified and mitigated, minimizing unbilled revenue, and following up with accounts receivables to avoid delays in payments Monitor and maintain positive relationships with colleagues, consultants and key stakeholders Participate in the development of comprehensive business solutions that that meet and exceed client objectives for new and existing projects Works to develop strategies for cross-selling and educating clients about the firm’s areas of expertise Provides insight on industry trends Membership in a Relevant professional association is considered an asset Ability to interpret drawings, specifications, addenda to complete mechanical take offs and create an accurate mechanical tender submission Have successfully completed related post-secondary education Proficient in Mechanical engineering systems and design Proficient with Mechanical building system designs, commissioning, permitting and building codes Possess superior leadership, time management and problem solving skills and displays creativity in design P.Eng or EIT designation a definite asset A degree in Mechanical Engineering a definite asset A minimum of 3 years of experience as an Project Manager/Estimator in a commercial setting A desire to continue a career path as an Project Manager Experience with Mechanical Project Management Software - experience with BIM, Revit, Bluebeam or similar CAD software a definite asset project management/estimating: 3 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1287:
Agir en tant que coordonnateur principal des activités entre le promoteur de l'étude, les sites cliniques, les autres fournisseurs de services et l'équipe interne de Biospective Participer à la mise en place des études cliniques avec les collaborateurs internes et externes Superviser la conduite des études cliniques de l'initiation des sites jusqu'à la fin de l'étude Produire et réviser les documents d'études Assurer la qualité globale et la conformité réglementaire des études B.Sc. en sciences de la vie ou science de la santé avec 2 ans d'expérience significative en gestion de projet. Bonnes compétences en communication Excellentes capacités d'organisation et souci du détail Compétences avec la Suite Microsoft office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Abilité à travailler de manière indépendante sans supervision immédiate mais également en équipe Facilité d'apprentissage Démontrer de la flexibilité pour répondre aux changements de priorités et aux multiples tâches Excellente maitrise de l'Anglais, écrit et parlé Expérience du système d'exploitation Linux Connaissance de l'anatomie du cerveau Expérience de travail avec des données d'imagerie Expérience en sélection, initiation et suivi de sites cliniques Connaissance de base de la règlementation entourant la recherche clinique, incluant les BPCs Faire preuve d'initiative et être proactif pour la résolution de problèmes Act as liaison between the sponsor, research sites, third party vendors and Internal Team Coordinate setup activities for new clinical studies with internal and external stakeholders Oversee the conduct of clinical studies from site initiation to study close out Produce and review study-related documentation Ensure overall studies quality and regulatory compliance Bachelor’s degree in a relevant life sciences or health care discipline with 2 years of experience in project management Good communication skills Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail Good knowledge of computer Microsoft Office software (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Able to work independently, without immediate supervision, and as part of a team Ability to learn new skills quickly Demonstrated flexibility to deal with changing priorities and multiple tasks Knowledge of the Linux operating system Knowledge of brain anatomy Experience working with imaging data Site selection, initiation and monitoring Basic knowledge of regulatory environment in Clinical Research, including GCPs Solution-oriented with proactive approach to issues Working knowledge of French, spoken and written Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Programmes de Bien-être REER Collectif Stationnement sur place Du Lundi au Vendredi Baccalauréat (Obligatoire) Gestion de projet: 2 ans (Souhaité) Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1288:
Defining and delivering the strategy, plan and implementation of the overall Engineering Solution for the Product. Defining the System development life cycle and defining the process, practices and tools applicable to the product based on the BL / Domain reference system and tailored based on specific constraints Writing the SEMP, organize co-engineering and approving the lower level solution elements engineering plans including those flow down to subcontractors and partners in the frame of the engineering work-packages Directing and providing overall technical and engineering leadership to the team assigned to the product to deliver the Engineering solution to time, cost and quality; this will be done through the accurate measurement of progress on the project using the proper Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) Managing Risks and Opportunities for all product activities Ensuring that the Engineering Processes, practices and tools are applied correctly and appropriately on the product to company, legislative, regulatory and international standards, as defined in the associate product plans Leading the interfacing with the Engineering teams of the client and other external Engineering parties to ensure that the integration and migration of the overall Engineering solution within its infrastructure and associated product is achieved Ensuring that the Product’s Design and other Technical Certification is coordinated, complete and consistent with the delivered and can be provided to projects Management of change, variation, risk and opportunity, recovery and acceleration as it affects the delivery of the Engineering solution with the Product Line Manager Overseeing the development of cost and time estimates for product activities to meet business and project objectives Ensuring that any Corrective Actions and Observations related to the engineering delivery and solution are closed in a timely and complete manner Defining the Engineering skills needed for the product and working with the Engineering Functional Teams to ensure that the Product’s team are competent, developed to their full potential, mobilized and released in a timely and planned manner Ensuring that the Engineering Performance Plan, as defined at Company level, is properly deployed in the Product Monitoring competitiveness KPIs, and leading corrective actions when required Supporting capitalization activities for the product as well as lessons learned Contributing to the Quality Assurance activities by ensuring visibility on the engineering work packages for the product QAM Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent Minimum of 3 years experience managing safety critical software development Must have 3 to 5 years in Rail and Signaling or other related safety critical industry Needs 3 to 5 years of experience managing cross functional teams Should have 1 to 3 years experience managing schedules and budgets Over 5 years experience in Rail and Signaling PMP is an asset Knowledge of MS project, Primavera or other scheduling tools 
ScrapedJobID1289:
Bachelor’s Degree preferably in any Information Technologies (IT) discipline, but IT Management Information Systems or Computer Systems Analyst discipline is most preferred. Store systems and Retail Experience. Previous experience in Oracle Xstore products preferred. Capable of working in fast paced environment. Self-motivator, independent, cooperative, team player, flexible, creative. Architect a standard image for POS environment including POS registers, servers, pin pad, scanners, biometrics, mobile devices SME of all Store system integrations through the omni-channel environment (Xstore & OROB). Manage and administer store systems, including deployment of builds, and patches, and updates Provide second level support, working with Help Desk, actively resolve and close support tickets Collaboratively work with Project Management team on future store system configurations, technical requirements, and integrations. Manage and maintain System and file management for all Store Systems. Make Configuration changes to store systems as needed. Create scripts as needed. PowerShell, SQL Determine root cause and resolve store system failures. Collaborate on improving the scalability and reliability with system integrations and data feeds. Create and maintain Store System Technical Documentation including environment design documents. Able to read and diagnose errors in XML. Develops and executes test plans and test scripts as needed. Works with software vendors to resolve store system issues. Manages 3rd party store support by opening tickets and following up as needed. Lead calls or tickets with vendors on issue resolution. Manage store system production issues as needed. Responsible for store system installations and upgrades by keeping us on current vendor versioning. Contributes to all areas of the Store Systems team as required. Ability to run oracle queries from store system databases for troubleshooting purposes Excellent verbal and written communication skill, including strong questioning and listening skills, and understand the impact on other areas Understand importance of information security and how it impacts store systems. On Call Rotation as needed. Other duties as needed 
ScrapedJobID1290:
Proven work experience in software quality assurance Demonstrable knowledge of software test automation Strong familiarity with software QA methodologies, tools, and processes Experience in writing clear, concise, and comprehensive test plans and test cases Hands-on experience with both white box and black box testing Hands-on experience with automated testing tools Solid knowledge of basic SQL scripting (e.g. SELECT, JOIN, WHERE) Prior work with one or more of: Selenium, Appium, XCode, Visual Studio Coded UI, Java, Java Script, Test NG, or Ghost Inspector Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process BSc degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related subject Experience with Fusion, Cucumber Framework is a plus Experience with performance and/or security testing is a plus Review requirements, specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases Estimate, prioritize, plan and coordinate testing activities Design, develop and execute automation scripts using open source tools Identify, record, document thoroughly and track bugs Perform thorough regression testing when bugs are resolved Develop and apply testing processes for new and existing products to meet client needs 
ScrapedJobID1291:
Établit des relations de travail efficaces et de confiance avec tous les partenaires commerciaux et informatiques dans les domaines de responsabilité et de collaboration. Développe la connaissance des processus commerciaux, des tendances de l'industrie et des systèmes informatiques pour mieux communiquer les capacités informatiques et soutenir le développement de solutions informatiques et d'architecture. Prend en charge la définition, le développement et la maintenance des plans stratégiques et opérationnels informatiques qui soutiennent la mission, les valeurs et les objectifs commerciaux. Participe à la mise en "uvre du portefeuille de projets informatiques. Collabore avec des équipes interfonctionnelles et d'autres membres du personnel technique pour mettre en "uvre et intégrer efficacement de nouvelles technologies et applications. Identifie de manière proactive les risques et les problèmes du projet ; aide à déterminer les étapes d'escalade, d'atténuation et de résolution nécessaires. Communique régulièrement l'état des livrables, les préoccupations et les problèmes au superviseur direct et au gestionnaire de projet. Aide à estimer les coûts et les délais du projet, à évaluer les capacités et les besoins en soutien/ressources dans le domaine de responsabilité. Crée, examine et met à jour la documentation requise pour les changements et les projets assignés conformément à la méthodologie informatique. Participe à la gestion de l'adoption de nouveaux systèmes, fonctions et technologies, y compris le développement et la prestation de la formation des utilisateurs finaux assignée. Participe à la planification des projets et contribue à l'élaboration des plans de projet. Effectue la modification et l'installation des systèmes tel qu'assigné. Prend en charge le développement de spécifications techniques pour les modifications du système afin de répondre aux exigences commerciales et système documentées avec une solution efficace. Assure la qualité informatique, la conformité légale et réglementaire grâce au respect des normes de contrôle de la qualité dans toutes les activités. Prend en charge le développement, la documentation et l'évolution des politiques, procédures et outils informatiques pour s'aligner sur les stratégies commerciales et informatiques et assurer la durabilité des services. Développe un niveau croissant d'expérience dans les compétences techniques et professionnelles requises pour accomplir les tâches assignées. Communique régulièrement l'état des tâches individuelles, les problèmes ouverts et les défis aux parties prenantes concernées et/ou au responsable direct. Surveiller et résoudre les problèmes et les changements assignés pour assurer une résolution rapide ; informe régulièrement les parties prenantes des progrès accomplis. Effectue l'administration des plates-formes technologiques assignées pour maintenir un fonctionnement efficace et une disponibilité constante. Prend en charge l'amélioration continue des systèmes et des services pour améliorer l'efficacité informatique et les performances du système. Travaille directement avec les utilisateurs des systèmes assignés en tant que ressource technique pour planifier les changements opérationnels et résoudre les problèmes. Aide à la documentation des meilleures pratiques de l'industrie et des TI dans les domaines de responsabilité et d'expertise. Assiste ses pairs dans l'accomplissement des tâches de routine en partageant les connaissances et l'expérience. Participe à l'évaluation des technologies émergentes pour l'entreprise; contribue à la planification de l'adoption de la technologie et de son intégration aux systèmes existants. Peut participer à l'élaboration de programmes de formation continue des utilisateurs et à la formation technique/professionnelle du personnel informatique. Comprend et applique les principes d'amélioration continue aux processus commerciaux et informatiques dans le domaine de responsabilité. Assure la conformité aux politiques technologiques et aux exigences réglementaires et prend les mesures appropriées pour atténuer les risques et résoudre les problèmes. Cherche et aborde de manière proactive les opportunités opérationnelles de réduction des coûts tout en maintenant ou en améliorant l'efficience et l'efficacité des TI. Développe et promeut des idées pour l'amélioration continue des technologies, des services et des procédures informatiques avec la direction informatique et l'équipe d'amélioration des processus informatiques. Identifie et conseille activement la direction informatique des risques commerciaux, techniques et de conformité potentiels liés à la fourniture de services informatiques. Au moins un domaine spécifique des plateformes technologiques informatiques Analyse de la cause originelle La gestion des incidents Gestion du changement et de l'adoption Analyser et résoudre des problèmes de façon autonome Gestion des risques Principes d'amélioration des processus Méthodologies et pratiques de gestion de projet Connaissance des services informatiques, des processus et des modèles de fonctionnement Architecture des systèmes Être soucieux du détail et être multitâche efficacement Réseautage et collaboration Communication écrite et orale Travailler de manière autonome ainsi qu'au sein d'un environnement d'équipe Productivité et gestion du temps Être soucieux du détail et être multitâche efficacement Gestion du cycle de vie du système Builds effective and trusting working relationships with all business and IT partners in areas of responsibility and collaboration. Develops knowledge of business processes, industry trends, and IT systems to better communicate IT capabilities and support IT solutions and architecture development. Supports the definition, development, and maintenance of IT strategic and operational plans that support mission, values, and business objectives. Participates in the implementation of the IT project portfolio. Collaborates with cross-functional teams and other technical staff to effectively implement and integrate new technologies and applications. Proactively identifies project risks and issues; helps determine necessary escalation, mitigation, and resolution steps. Regularly communicates deliverables status, concerns, and issues to direct supervisor and the Project Manager. Assists in estimating project cost and time requirements, assessing capabilities and support/resource requirements in area of responsibility. Creates, reviews, and updates required documentation for changes and projects as assigned in accordance with IT Methodology. Participates in adoption management of new systems, functions, and technologies, including the development and delivery of end user training as assigned. Participates in the planning of projects and contributes to developing project plans. Performs modification and installation of systems as assigned. Supports the development of technical specifications for system modifications to fulfill documented business and system requirements with an effective solution. Ensures IT quality, legal, and regulatory compliance through adherence to quality control standards in all activities. Supports the development, documentation, and evolution of IT policies, procedures, and tools to align with business and IT strategies and ensure sustainability of services. Develops an increasing level of experience in technical and professional skills required to perform assigned job duties. Regularly communicates individual task status, open issues, and challenges to impacted stakeholders and/or direct manager. Monitors and addresses assigned issues and changes to ensure timely resolution; updates stakeholders regularly on progress. Performs administration of technology platforms as assigned to maintain effective operation and consistent availability. Supports the continuous enhancement of systems and services to improve IT effectiveness and system performance. Works directly with users of assigned systems as a technical resource for planning operational changes and addressing issues. Assists in documentation of industry and IT best practices in areas of responsibility and expertise. Assists peers in completion of routine assignments by sharing knowledge and experience. Participates in the assessment of emerging technologies for the company; contributes to planning technology adoption and integration with existing systems. May participate in the development of ongoing user education programs and technical/professional training of IT staff. Understands and applies continuous improvement principles to business and IT processes in area of responsibility. Ensures compliance with technology policies and regulatory requirements and takes appropriate action to mitigate risks and resolve issues. Proactively seeks and addresses operational opportunities for cost reduction while maintaining or improving IT efficiency and effectiveness. Develops and promotes ideas for the continuous improvement of IT technologies, services, and procedures with IT leadership and the IT Process Improvement team. Actively identifies and advises IT management of potential business, technical, and compliance risks relating to the delivery of IT services. At least one specific area of IT technology platforms Root cause analysis Incident management Change and adoption management Analyzing and solving problems independently Risk management Process improvement principles Project management methodologies and practices Knowledge of IT services, processes, and operating models Systems architecture Being detail-oriented and multitasking efficiently Networking and collaboration Written and spoken communications Working independently as well as within a team environment Productivity and time management Being detail-oriented and multitasking efficiently System lifecycle management 
ScrapedJobID1292:
Hands on experience in native mobile automation development (Android and iOS) using Java and Appium Good understanding of core Java Hands on experience in API/Service testing using tools such as Parasoft SOATest, SoapUI, ReadyAPI, Postman Experience working with software delivery methodologies (Agile) Experience leveraging source code management tools, i.e., Git, BitBucket, GitHub Experience with BDD using Cucumber (Nice to have) Experience with Jenkins (Nice to have) Experience with HP ALM, JIRA and Confluence 8 hour shift Quality Assurance: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1293:
opportunity to pursue their career options internationally Recognizing the seasonality of our industry we have reduced work hours and increased flexibility during the off peak periods to give staff more time to pursue their interests and hobbies. competitive base salary and benefits hybrid generous paid vacation, sick and personal time Supervision, guidance and training of intermediate and junior staff Prepare complex compilations (NTR) files Prepare Personal (T1), Trust (T3) and Corporate (T2) income tax returns Prepare and complete working papers for review and audit engagements Identify and attempt to resolve engagement issues Demonstrates commitment to meeting client deadlines and maintain a positive client experience Monitoring progress of work being completed on the files and communication to manager and partners Bachelor’s Degree in Commerce or Business Administration (Accounting and/or Finance major is preferred) Completion of the CPA designation in Ontario, or working towards it 2-4 years of Canadian Public Accounting experience with private corporation in assurance engagements and NTR files On-going professional development courses to meet or exceed CPA Canada requirements Experience working with, or exposure to, accounting and tax software such as Caseware, Taxprep, and Quickbooks is beneficial Strong computer literacy including effective working skills of Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint Possess a working knowledge of the firm’s systems, research materials and quality control procedures Ability to research issues and propose recommendations for proper treatment under applicable standards Ability to prepare more complex T1, T2, T3 tax returns Demonstrated competency with Microsoft Office tools Self-starter with strong attention to detail Ability to deliver in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment A desire to provide outstanding client service Strong interpersonal and communication skills to liaise with clients, team members and the community 
ScrapedJobID1294:
Motivate and lead a team of Software Developers and Software Testers Work with Product Managers & Product Owners in the selection, specification, estimation and scheduling of our service features Work with Pod Leaders on the prioritization and allocation of feature development and quality assurance work within the team Lead and coordination of Testers and Application Specialists working on quality assurance, along with automated testing of the products Contribute to the architectural direction of our services Continual improvement and refinement of software engineering processes Implementing and developing of our software tools Experience leading software development teams Bachelor's Degree in a Software related discipline Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Strong technical software development background to understand the complexities and work of the team Leader who can bring a coaching and mentoring philosophy, lead through growth challenges, and provide strategic direction A passion for coaching others and helping team members develop Considerable understanding of modern cloud service development, deployment, and operations The ability to build and maintain strong professional relationships with internal stakeholders Excellent time and task management skills Demonstrated experience responding to and resolving problems in a timely manner. 
ScrapedJobID1295:

ScrapedJobID1296:
Create and execute test cases to thoroughly validate developed ServiceNow solutions against agreed upon business and technical requirements Work with the rest of the team to meet the release testing milestones and deliver high quality ServiceNow solutions on time Register defects and follow the standard defect management process to communicate product issues to project team members and work collaboratively to resolve Maintain the repository of all test cases, suites, and test artifacts of our ServiceNow projects Ensure that the defined QA processes meet auditing requirements Recommend changes to established methods and suggest alternative solutions to improve quality and increase productivity of our Technology Solutions (ServiceNow) team Strong knowledge of QA methodologies within the ServiceNow platform Hands on experience testing custom developed systems Understands business processes and implementations within ServiceNow applications Understanding of different SDLC methodologies like Agile, Waterfall, Iterative Understanding of IT concepts (windows platform, integrations, webservices, reports) 2+ years of hands-on technical working experience as a QA Analyst performing manual testing on ServiceNow application(s) Practical experience with the ServiceNow automated test framework or other automated software testing frameworks General business and IT management process knowledge including, but not limited to ITSM practices Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite including Visio, PowerPoint, and collaboration tools Post-secondary education in Computer Science or Information Systems, or related qualifying work experience Solid problem solving and analytical skills Broad business and management knowledge Ability to work effectively with people at all levels of the organization Client-focused approach with outstanding interpersonal skills The ability to work flexible hours (weekend and after hours shifts when required) Excellent written and verbal communication skills ServiceNow Certified System Administrator (CSA) certification; ServiceNow micro certifications are a plus 
ScrapedJobID1297:
Proven work experience in software quality assurance Demonstrable knowledge of software test automation Strong familiarity with software QA methodologies, tools, and processes Experience in writing clear, concise, and comprehensive test plans and test cases Hands-on experience with both white box and black box testing Hands-on experience with automated testing tools Solid knowledge of basic SQL scripting (e.g. SELECT, JOIN, WHERE) Prior work with one or more of: Selenium, Appium, XCode, Visual Studio Coded UI, Java, Java Script, Test NG, or Ghost Inspector Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process BSc degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related subject Experience with Fusion, Cucumber Framework is a plus Experience with performance and/or security testing is a plus Review requirements, specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases Estimate, prioritize, plan and coordinate testing activities Design, develop and execute automation scripts using open source tools Identify, record, document thoroughly and track bugs Perform thorough regression testing when bugs are resolved Develop and apply testing processes for new and existing products to meet client needs 
ScrapedJobID1298:
Monday to Friday Banking: 3 years (required) Quality Assurance: 3 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1299:
Define test strategy and test plan based on software development plan Design detailed test cases based on requirements and test plan Develop test tools and test scripts to automate the testing Prepare test report, provide initial issue analysis, and contribute to defect prevention Setup and configure necessary test equipment and environments for test execution and automation Participate in the continuous improvement of test processes and methodologies 4+ years of software quality assurance or test experience in mobile or automotive industry Good programming skills in common languages, such as JAVA, C++ or Perl Must have strong automated testing experience Strong experience with test automation framework, tool development and scripting Solid knowledge of software quality assurance methodologies and tools Knowledge of Scrum/Agile software development process Embedded software development experience as a plus Experience with vehicle communication network protocols (CAN, MOST etc) as a plus Outstanding verbal and written communication skills Self-motivated, able to deliver on time, a quick-thinker, a quick-learner and able to work in a fast-paced work environment Strong problem-solving and analytical skills, coordination skills, and interpersonal skills Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent field Advanced degrees preferred 
ScrapedJobID1300:

ScrapedJobID1301:
Design complete electrical controls for new equipment PLC and HMI programming  Create electrical drawings Machine wiring Trouble shoot equipment, identify and fix problems Test equipment to make sure it performs according to specifications. Evaluate machine functioning and propose improvements as required. Analyze customer requirements and specifications  Support customers (phone, and in person) on the operation and troubleshooting of equipment When necessary, travel to customer sites to setup and repair equipment Solve and facilitate customer service issues as they arise Answer customer telephone calls and email messages in order to offer them the necessary support for product and service related questions and requests Document all pertinent information related to technical support Perform duties related to special project as required. Very fluent in English (oral and written) and good working knowledge of French DEC (mechanical/electrical) minimum education / Vocational or technical training Mechanical and electrical aptitudes are necessary Ability to read engineering drawings 5 years experience in programming PLC’s and HMI’s Meticulous and detail oriented Able to work with little guidance alone as well as in a team Shows initiative and drive and willing to learn and grow with the company Good communicator Knowledge of electrical drawing software Knowledge of packaging lines or related equipment is an asset Good knowledge of MS Office is an asset Assurance Dentaire Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise Stationnement sur place Tenue Décontractée 8 Heures DEC (Souhaité) programming PLC and HMI's: 5 ans (Souhaité) Non 
ScrapedJobID1302:
Provide the necessary expert engineering advice and recommendations to the Engineering Manager for decision and guidance Evaluate existing electrical design to accommodate retrofits, modifications and improvements. Contribute to the development of conceptual, preliminary and detailed design of Electrical Systems. Prepare design documents, design requirements, design descriptions, technical specifications, tendering documents, standards, procedures and analyses reports. Review and/or recommend technical specification for Electrical equipment, tests, and processes/procedures. Provide engineering support during the construction, installation and commissioning project phases. Provide subject matter expert review and acceptance of designs prepared by outside agencies. Supervise technical staff and/or Junior Staff. Develop engineering specifications and standards facilitating a consistent design approach. Ability to work effectively in a multidisciplinary team and interact with staff at various levels of the organization. Able to work independently and as a member of a team to complete the required task. Able to interpret design drawings, documents, data collected from field visits and client’s needs. Able to develop innovative and safe solutions to Electrical Engineering challenges that may arise during the field season. Safe compensatory measures also need to be part of the solution portfolio. Able to carry out research as to codes and standards to apply, materials to use and procedures to use in the design. Capable of supervising technicians and acting as mentor to junior engineers. Able to interpret client’s needs and make recommendations as to alternatives to satisfy the need and the recommended solution and prepare the final solution (design, report). Devises new approaches, applies existing criteria in new manners and draws conclusions from comparative situations. Recommendations are normally accepted as technically accurate and feasible. Bachelor (Honours) degree in Electrical Engineering from a recognized university. Member of a provincial professional engineering association (e.g., PEO). Sound knowledge of Electrical engineering and more than ten (10) years of significant related experience Supervisory and project management experience. Experienced in the technical procurement process, including supplier qualification reviews, bid evaluations, review and acceptance of technical deliverables; and monitoring contractor performance vs. technical specifications. Experience in Design of electrical distribution systems, medium and low voltage power supply systems; alarm systems; lighting and grounding systems, cables testing, etc. Experience in electrical power studies (e.g. load flow, short circuit, coordination and arc flash) using power studies software (preferably ETAP). Ability to exercise sound judgment in technical matters, to routinely solve technical problems and to make independent decisions. Demonstrated performance in providing engineering oversight to various sizes of jobs. Excellent oral and written English communication skills; previous experience making technical presentations to small and large audiences. Demonstrated effective team leadership and team-building skills. Able to use computer programs, WORD, EXCEL. Knowledge of Design Engineering practices, organization and quality assurance processes, Engineering Change Control and Configuration Management. Excellent knowledge of CNL's engineering practices, organization and quality management program is an asset. Demonstrated knowledge of CSA N286/N285 quality standards. Knowledge of radiation protection (RP) standards and RP practices. Company pension Extended health care Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID1303:
Keep up-to-date on Salesforce releases, technologies and best practices. Lead periodic platform health reviews with internal stakeholders and create a platform health roadmap. Lead a team of Salesforce Business Analysts and Administrators to build, test and deploy Salesforce solutions in an Agile sprint-based manner. Monitor, manage and own communications related to outages. Own the end-to-end process working with internal stakeholders and IT teams. Provide technical leadership to support Salesforce Administrators in troubleshooting, identifying root causes, providing implementation suggestions, and identifying repetitive tasks. Participate in data governance initiatives to drive consistent and proper handling of data inside the platform and across the business. Create and maintain documentation on processes, policies, application configuration, user guides and related materials. Collaborate, train, and develop guidelines and standards for team members to ensure knowledge sharing and consistency in best practices. Own the Salesforce support process including developing iterative improvements, to simplify, optimize, and automate processes. Evaluate Salesforce functionality and provide recommendations for process improvements. Consult with internal stakeholders to elicit business requirements, develop technical approaches, document process workflows, and make appropriate recommendations to drive operational efficiencies. Lead, project manage and execute initiatives with a laser focus on driving measurable results. Salesforce Certified Administrator and Advanced Admin strongly preferred. Experience managing reporting and dashboards for multiple cross-functional teams. Demonstrated proficiency in the use of data management tools such as Data Loader. Familiarity with standard business, service, sales, and finance processes. Knowledgeable in standard functions/ modules of Salesforce.com Lightning: Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Field Service Lightning and AppExchange/App cloud application integration. Experience with Docusign and Nintex for document generation through Salesforce workflows. Experience with Atlassian toolset (Jira, Confluence) for management of sprints and scrums. Extensive experience with Salesforce configuration, including workflows, objects, validation rules, security controls and process automation tools like Process Builder and Flow. Experience defining business requirements, writing user stories and providing detailed Salesforce system and functional designs. Expert level experience defining the system architecture landscape, identifying gaps between current and desired end-states and delivering a comprehensive solution that will enable achievement of the desired business outcomes. Experience in designing and developing software components and having a strong background in database design and system architecture. Experience integrating Salesforce with different business systems, as well as working with integration tools (ETL, marketing automation, reporting, etc.). Understanding of programming logic and constructs, specifically in Salesforce, Force.com, SOQL, triggers and their use in software development. 3+ year experience in Salesforce configuration and implementing CRM systems. Strong knowledge of CRM software quality assurance best practices and methodologies. Dynamic, flexible, focused, and enthusiastic approach, as well as the ability to work under pressure. Must possess a “can-do” attitude, be self-motivated, pro-active, and used to using your initiative. Proven troubleshooting skills including the ability to analyze and resolve difficult problems quickly with a keen attention to detail in a rapidly changing environment. Strong work ethic with a customer service focus. Proven ability to build, manage and foster a team-oriented environment with excellent leadership and management skills. Strong communication skills (written and oral) to collaborate with internal cross-functional teams. Strategic thinking with sales and service intelligence, a strong presence, and the ability to create, influence and drive customer vision. Demonstrated ability to translate business requirements into technology-based solutions. Must be a team player, who is self-motivated, organized and pays strict attention to details. Proven ability to manage projects, lead discovery and build cycles, and work in a collaborative team environment. 
ScrapedJobID1304:
Assist in development and organization of written SOPs and in-house quality programs. Monitor and verify routinely all aspects of production; takes corrective actions when necessary. Review labels and raw material documentation prior to their release into inventory. Ensure compliance with all specific regulatory requirements (Food, NHP, and Dairy), Health & Safety, and company policies. Maintain current files on all Food, Natural Health Products, and export regulations. Prepare documentation and apply for regulatory permit / certificates / documentation required for exports. Ensure compliance with all aspects of HACCP program and GMPs: sanitation, pest control, sampling, microbiological and chemical food safety, hygiene, product specification, in-house SOP’s. Work on stability studies and perform micro testing. Troubleshoot QC issues that deal with production and blending using defined processes as well as brainstorm with the team, providing suggestions for solutions that contain the appropriate levels of risk. Perform tasks assigned by QA Manager in relation to: product research, program set-up, process capability studies, product, system audits, and other relevant tasks. Taste testing and completing other tests ensuring accurate recording of all test data, & evaluation of findings. Reports using the computer, and reporting process deviations and product failures, assisting in investigations and development of solutions. Assists the Quality Assurance Manager in developing and improving quality system procedures as required. Perform testing, data generation, and data analysis as necessary, through the use & knowledge of statistical problem-solving techniques. Conduct relevant physical and sensory testing on ingredients, raw materials, and finished product. Conduct in-process quality control checks, sampling, monitoring, and finished product inspection as required. Evaluate co-packed finished product to ensure conformance to standards and specifications. May assist with research and development of new products. Other duties as assigned. Must have completed successfully BCIT Food Technology Diploma or Bachelor Degree in Food Science. Prior 1-2 years’ experience working in a Food Manufacturing environment will be given priority consideration. This position involves taste testing products regularly throughout the shift. Must have no allergies to dust and common food allergens, including but not limited to eggs, dairy, whey, nuts, sulfites, & dust Should have previous experience with CFIA and NHP regulations; must be HACCP-proficient Must have CSA Steel toed boots Strongly organized detailed analytical thinker, with mathematical and/or scientific skills Capable of preparing reports and offering product/method recommendations Excellent interpersonal and communication skills (both written and verbal), with the let’s-get-it-done attitude Strong computer skills in Microsoft Office, nutrient database, statistical software; should have knowledge of Excel Incumbent work shift hours may be subjected to change with notice. Bonus pay Overtime pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Discounted or free food Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Profit sharing Tuition reimbursement Vision care 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1305:
Agir en tant que coordonnateur principal des activités entre le promoteur de l'étude, les sites cliniques, les autres fournisseurs de services et l'équipe interne de Biospective Participer à la mise en place des études cliniques avec les collaborateurs internes et externes Superviser la conduite des études cliniques de l'initiation des sites jusqu'à la fin de l'étude Produire et réviser les documents d'études Assurer la qualité globale et la conformité réglementaire des études B.Sc. en sciences de la vie ou science de la santé avec 2 ans d'expérience significative en gestion de projet. Bonnes compétences en communication Excellentes capacités d'organisation et souci du détail Compétences avec la Suite Microsoft office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Abilité à travailler de manière indépendante sans supervision immédiate mais également en équipe Facilité d'apprentissage Démontrer de la flexibilité pour répondre aux changements de priorités et aux multiples tâches Excellente maitrise de l'Anglais, écrit et parlé Expérience du système d'exploitation Linux Connaissance de l'anatomie du cerveau Expérience de travail avec des données d'imagerie Expérience en sélection, initiation et suivi de sites cliniques Connaissance de base de la règlementation entourant la recherche clinique, incluant les BPCs Faire preuve d'initiative et être proactif pour la résolution de problèmes Act as liaison between the sponsor, research sites, third party vendors and Internal Team Coordinate setup activities for new clinical studies with internal and external stakeholders Oversee the conduct of clinical studies from site initiation to study close out Produce and review study-related documentation Ensure overall studies quality and regulatory compliance Bachelor’s degree in a relevant life sciences or health care discipline with 2 years of experience in project management Good communication skills Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail Good knowledge of computer Microsoft Office software (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Able to work independently, without immediate supervision, and as part of a team Ability to learn new skills quickly Demonstrated flexibility to deal with changing priorities and multiple tasks Knowledge of the Linux operating system Knowledge of brain anatomy Experience working with imaging data Site selection, initiation and monitoring Basic knowledge of regulatory environment in Clinical Research, including GCPs Solution-oriented with proactive approach to issues Working knowledge of French, spoken and written Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Programmes de Bien-être REER Collectif Stationnement sur place Du Lundi au Vendredi Baccalauréat (Obligatoire) Gestion de projet: 2 ans (Souhaité) Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1306:
Prepare, review, and file federal and provincial tax returns for individual and corporate clients (T1, T2, T3, T4, T5, T5013 etc.) independently and as part of a broader engagement team. This includes: Work closely with the Tax Partners and other senior staff to develop and implement complex tax planning assignments for corporate and private clients. Research and interpret tax issues and prepare memorandums, client letters, and develop opinions on a variety of tax issues. Prepare tax provision and accruals in accordance with applicable accounting standards. Assist in the development and implementation of tax and estate planning strategies. Liaise and be a primary point of contact with tax authorities on tax audits and appeals. Perform advanced technical research and document tax plan recommendations for clients. Maintain a strong knowledge base of Canadian tax rules and regulations, growing this base over time. Establish a requisite knowledge base of cross border, commodity, and transactional tax rules and regulations for specific client segments. This includes a working and growing knowledge of transfer pricing regulations. Collaborate with senior management on file planning and completion with the established time constraints. Provide effective leadership, mentorship, and skills development that support the values of the Firm. Provide personal and attentive service to clients to encourage productive working relationships. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with clients including communication to arrange timing of file work. Develop appropriate knowledge, skills, and competencies consistent with the CPA professional development requirements as well as professional workplace competencies. Other related duties as assigned. CPA designation or tax professional equivalent with a minimum of 5 years’ experience in public accounting or public tax administration. Completion of or working towards completion of the In-Depth Tax Program or Masters of Tax program. Working knowledge of Canadian tax acts (Income Tax Act, Excise Tax Act, Retail Sales Act, Business Corporations Act, Limited Partnerships Act, Not-for-profit Corporations Act, etc.). Proficiency with Caseware and Tax Prep is preferred. Proficiency with Microsoft Office programs (Word, Excel, Outlook, etc.) required. Related experience supporting owner-managed private corporations is an asset. Familiarity with various accounting programs and software is considered an asset. Strong project management, problem-solving, time management and prioritizing skills. Dedication to teamwork, leadership, and integrity within a professional environment. Excellent communication skills, with previous experience in a customer service-related position; strong interpersonal and relationship building skills. Commitment to continuous learning. Commitment to organization and high performance. Reliable vehicle and good driving record required as this role will require limited local travel. Culture of lifelong learning Supportive and collaborative work environment Enthusiastic and participative team spirit Commitment to community engagement Flexible hours to allow for work life balance Casual Friday dress policy Competitive and comprehensive benefits Public Accounting: 5 years (Preferred) Bachelor's Degree (Preferred) CPA (Preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1307:
Provide geotechnical engineering support to mine waste and tailings management projects Carry out engineering data analyses and design work for projects at stages ranging from scoping to detailed engineering and construction Possibly some travel to mine sites to carry out geotechnical investigations, instrument installation, and construction quality assurance for dams Assist with planning and supervising geotechnical subsurface investigations Assist with writing geotechnical reports and technical communications; Provide support to senior geotechnical engineer / geotechnical manager Minimum: Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering (geotechnical, civil or a related field) Registered as a Professional Engineer or Engineer-in-Training (E.I.T) with the Association of Professional Engineers and Geoscientists of Alberta (APEGA) minimum of 4 years of experience (preference given to Oil & Gas [Oil Sands] experience in large civil earthworks construction mining related projects, which include: field construction, performance monitoring, construction quality assurance, inspection and testing) Perform field and environmental investigations for Gas or Oil exploration and construction development projects Proficient in engineering software (Geo-Slope; MineScape; AutoCAD; Microsoft Office) Skilled in data interpretation; analysis and correlation Ability to work independently as well as in a small team setting; and foster effective working relationships with their peers Previous experience in Oil Sands operations will be an asset. Only candidates who are legally permitted to work in Canada will be considered. Registration with APEGA is a condition of employment This position will require successful completion of background reference checks as well as education and credentials verification Overtime pay Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift Holidays Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID1308:
Build the Software Operations Quality Scorecard and Software Release Readiness Record for vehicle launches. Metrics automation includes: process, configuration management, and product KPI’s. Develop software tools and features to assist with reporting and development process automation Develop and maintain Web UI features using ReactJS Work with and / or develop API using Django (python) Use RestAPI from other 3rd Party tools to fetch Data Work with a SQL Server database to fetch data – able to write SQL queries efficiently Contribute to team deliverable through involvement in agile scrum development sprints Able to work relatively independently Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field 3+ year experience with Web UI development ReactJS 3+ year experience in Python development 3+ year experience working with Django 
ScrapedJobID1309:
This role will be the centre of developing industry leading products. You’ll manage multiple concurrent projects, owning all projects requiring build deliverables. Following the Agile methodology and development process, manage cross-disciplinary projects to scope, budget and timelines to completion as defined by SOW Gathering estimates from the project team Working with leads to determine risks, interdependencies and specific assignments Planning sprint retrospectives, daily standups, backlog reviews, backlog grooming, and demos Unblocking tasks Scope prioritization with Strategy Lead Maintaining Asana sprint boards Tracking velocity and burndown rate P&L reporting Identifying resources requests to Discipline leads for right skilled assignments Developing weekly resource allocation view with Discipline leads Change management Raising risks and issues relating scope, budget or timelines. Identifying resolution actions and mitigation steps taken to date, provide recommendations for addressing issues. Making recommendations on process improvements to address issues Manage contingency allocation on projects. Contribute to sharing contingency across projects where needed. Release management Overseeing Quality Assurance and UAT process Management of the co-op students Lead, design and help Implement the DevOps solution Contribute to making efficiency improvements to the Development Processes You have worked in the software industry for a minimum of 10 years You are an expert in software development with a prior work experience as a software developer You have led multiple project teams concurrently You have minimum of 7+ years program and project management experience You can identify and implement industry development best practices. You have implemented industry best practices for project management You have a toolkit of mitigation actions taken on past projects You have a deep understanding of development constraints, technical risks, and technical interdependencies You have expertise in managing and building web applications and mobile solutions You have experience managing complex resource requirements across multiple projects You have a experience with modern technologies and development methodologies You have a deep understanding of Software development lifecycle and development processes You have a solid understanding of of DevOps You have experience implementing DevOps You have experience working with modern relational or non-relational databases such as Oracle or SQL Server, MySQL, Postgres, Redis, MongoDB, Cassandra, etc. And web development technologies You have an understanding of Microservices Design 
ScrapedJobID1310:
Quebec, QC / Remote Work Travel required (weekends at home) Bilingual Advantageous salary, according to union grid Group insurance Salary insurance paid by the company Retirement Savings Plans Parental leave Must have the following certifications from Natural Resources Canada's non-destructive certification agency VT2 according to CSA W178.1 Level 2 in magnetic particles Level 2 in ultrasonic testing (asset) Level 2 in Public Support (asset) Recognized as an exposure device operator certified by the Canadian Nuclear Safety Commission would be an asset; Must be able to read, understand and follow work instructions in a safe, accurate and timely manner. Candidates must be proficient in different types of computer software (Word, Excel. PowerPoint, and Outlook). Proven ability to manage and coordinate multiple projects in a dynamic and highly professional environment. Candidates must demonstrate excellent verbal and written communication skills, including grammar and composition. Ability to work well with others and independently. Proven time management skills and attention to detail; works well under pressure. Québec, QC / Travail à distance Déplacement requis (week-ends à domicile) Bilingue Salaire avantageux, selon grille syndicale Assurances collectives Assurance salaire payée par l’entreprise Plans d’épargne-retraite Congé parental Doit posséder les certifications suivantes de l'agence de certification non destructive de Ressources naturelles Canada VT2 selon CSA W178.1 Niveau 2 en particules magnétiques Niveau 2 en test par ultrasons (atout) Niveau 2 en ressuage (atout) Reconnu comme opérateur d'appareil d'exposition certifié par la Commission canadienne de sûreté nucléaire serait un atout; Doit être capable de lire, comprendre et suivre les instructions de travail d'une manière sûre, précise et opportune. Les candidats doivent maîtriser différents types de logiciels informatiques (Word, Excel. PowerPoint et Outlook). Aptitude avérée à gérer et à coordonner plusieurs projets dans un environnement dynamique et hautement professionnel. Les candidats doivent démontrer d'excellentes compétences en communication verbale et écrite, y compris la grammaire et la composition. Capacité à bien travailler avec les autres et de manière indépendante. Compétences avérées en gestion du temps et grand souci du détail ; fonctionne bien sous pression. 
ScrapedJobID1311:
Build, Release and Change Quality assurance, Testing and Deployment Knowledge management and Training 
ScrapedJobID1312:
Expérience avérée dans la conception, le développement, la mise en œuvre et la maintenance des processus de transformation des données et de l'interface utilisateur en Java, Angular et Spark sur Microsoft Azure Connaissance approfondie / expérience de l'analyse d'applications événementielles volumineuses et multithread Vaste expérience du contrôle de version et de la livraison continue Connaissance approfondie/expérience de la technologie Big Data et du cloud public Microsoft Azure Compétences techniques: Plus de 8 ans d'expérience dans le développement d'applications multithread basées sur Java Expérience de l'utilisation de Java 8, Spring Boot, Spark, Spring Framework et Microservices 2+ ans d'expérience de travail avec Spark, Hadoop 2+ ans d'expérience de travail avec Microsoft Azure HDInsight, AKS Expérience pratique en SQL et No-SQL (de préférence Oracle, Postgres) Expérience avec divers outils de développement Web Java, Angular 7, XML, JSON et HTML5. Vaste expérience dans la création d'un pipeline de livraison continue avec GIT, Maven, Jenkins, Nexus, Sonar, Checkmarx et XL-Deploy Vaste expérience dans l'écriture de scripts Unix/Linux Shell * Bonne connaissance de Perl et Python * Bonne connaissance et expérience avec le serveur Tomcat Bonne connaissance et expérience de la transmission de fichiers et du réseau (DNS, TCP/IP) Solides compétences en dépannage * Expérience et capacité à travailler avec un environnement Agile et à faire avancer les projets au sein d'une équipe Doit être organisé, soucieux du détail, motivé, discipliné, professionnel et avoir l'esprit d'équipe pour plusieurs tâches à la fois, dans un environnement au rythme rapide répondant à de multiples demandes Autogestion dans un environnement de développement rapide. Connaissance approfondie du cycle de vie du développement logiciel et des pratiques acceptées. Aptitudes à la réflexion stratégique et analytique avec une capacité à résoudre des problèmes et à prendre des décisions. Compréhension du secteur des services financiers et des produits associés Expérience dans les frameworks open source Expérience de travail sur des applications de données en streaming (par exemple, Kafka, Flink ou Spark Steaming) Utilise une expertise dans les techniques et les outils appropriés pour concevoir, développer et maintenir des logiciels d'application efficaces, sous la responsabilité du responsable technique. Participe à l'élaboration et à la mise en œuvre de normes liées aux activités de développement d'applications, de sécurité et de soutien du système. Effectue des examens formels et informels des processus et des produits de développement de logiciels pour s'assurer de la qualité et du respect des normes. Établit et maintient des procédures de contrôle pour le contrôle de version. Surveille et suit les problèmes et problèmes liés à la qualité jusqu'à leur résolution. État d'esprit de résolution de problèmes. Créativité (sortir des sentiers battus). Intégrité. Intérêt pour la fintech. Principales technologies: Java, Angular, Cloud Azure, technologies de base de données. Venez de n'importe quel secteur pour apporter différentes idées pour résoudre des problèmes commerciaux. Capacité à collaborer et à travailler en équipe cohésive pour créer quelque chose d'extraordinaire! Forfait compétitif pour les employés et les pigistes Aide au développement professionnel (certification) Mobilité internationale dans plus de 25 pays Des tonnes d'activités d'entreprise Proven experience in designing, developing, implementing, and maintaining data transformation processes and UI in Java, Angular and Spark on Microsoft Azure Extensive knowledge of /experience with analyzing large and multithread event driven applications Extensive experience with version control and continuous delivery Extensive knowledge of /experience with Big Data technology and public cloud Microsoft Azure 8+ years of experience in developing Java-based multithreaded applications Experience using Java 8, Spring Boot, Spark, Spring framework, and Microservices 2+ years of experience working with Spark, Hadoop 2+ years of experience working with Microsoft Azure HDInsight, AKS Hands-on experience in SQL and No-SQL (preferably Oracle, Postgres) Experienced with various Java Web development tools, Angular 7, XML, JSON and HTML5. Extensive experience in building a Continuous Delivery pipeline with GIT, Maven, Jenkins, Nexus, Sonar, Checkmarx, and XL-Deploy Extensive experience in writing Unix/Linux Shell scripts Good knowledge with Perl and Python Good knowledge and experience with Tomcat server Good knowledge and experience with file transmission and network (DNS, TCP/IP) Strong troubleshooting skills Experience and able to work with Agile environment and drive projects forward within team setting Must be organized, detail-oriented, self-motivated, disciplined, professional, and a team player to multiple tasks at one time, in a fast pace environment handling multiple demands Self-managing in a fast-paced development environment. Extensive knowledge of software development life cycle and accepted practices. Strategic and analytical thinking skills with an ability to solve problems and make decisions. Understanding of financial services industry and associated products Experience in open source frameworks Experience working on streaming data applications (e.g., Kafka, Flink or Spark Steaming) Uses expertise in appropriatetechniques and tools to design, develop and maintain effective application software, reporting to technical lead. Participates to the development and implementation of standards related to the application development, security and system support activities. Performs formal and informal reviews of software development processes and products to ascertain quality and adherence to standards. Establishes and maintains control procedures for version control. Monitors and tracks quality related issues and problems through to resolution. Competitive package for both employees and freelancers Professional development assistance (certification) International mobility in more than 25 countries Tons of corporate activities Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise Pension de Retraite REER Collectif Travail à Distance 8 Heures Du Lundi au Vendredi 
ScrapedJobID1313:
In conjunction with the Partners and Managers, plan and conduct full audit, review and compilation engagements. Provide corporate and personal tax preparation, compliance and advisory services. Provide leadership and supervision, as well as assist in the training and development of junior staff. Strong knowledge of assurance and accounting standards. Exceptional written and oral communication skills; bilingualism is considered an asset. Superior client relationship management abilities and commitment to excellence. Experience preparing working paper files using Caseware/Caseview, Taxprep, and MS Word and Excel software. Acquisition of the CPA, CA designation or current CPA Candidate Minimum 2 years progressive experience in a public accounting firm. Keen organizational and time management skills. Overtime pay Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Wellness program Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID1314:

ScrapedJobID1315:
Manage all small-scale fabrication projects < $250 000 for structural and pipe spool manufacturing Perform weld take offs/weld counts for piping isometrics Perform material take offs for piping isometrics Take technical responsibility for the job specifications and fabrication drawings Manage draftsmen and engineering contractors in the creation of detailed manufacturing drawings Support the fabrication shop and QC on any query or needed information Raise requests to clients for needed information (RFI) Review fabrication drawings Review client designs and verify manufacturing drawings accurately addresses the requirement Issue requests to Supply Chain for material purchase and allocation Report back to Engineering group on fabrication shop workload and any concerns Support project estimators with regards to technical queries Design of shop layouts and other engineered solutions Other duties as requested by the Engineering Manager 3+ years’ experience in a project and fabrication environment Experience with estimating projects and project management is essential Bachelors degree in Mechanical Engineering Competent using Microsoft Office Organized with high attention to detail Must function well in a high paced environment P.Eng designation is an asset Experience with ERP systems is an asset Experience with CAD software such as AutoCAD, Acorn and Tekla is an asset Experience and knowledge of ASME B31.3 and CWB welding standards is an asset General knowledge of products and services in relation to the oil and gas industry Knowledge of safe work practices, Quality Assurance requirements, and Continuous Improvement (Lean Manufacturing) principles Project Engineer and Estimator Document Office, shop floor and yard environment – sitting, standing, walking in shop and yard Wearing PPE as needed in the shop and yard Lifting up to 50 lbs. without mechanical assistance Driver’s license and vehicl 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Do you have a Bachelors degree in Mechanical Engineering project and fabrication: 3 years (preferred) Project Estimation: 2 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1316:
Work cooperatively with other internal departments and divisions for the implementation of new products, processes, equipment and materials to ensure these processes are efficiently adapted and standardized. Support the process control deployment: Determine the major parameters that control production and institute practices and processes to ensure process control. Standardize practices across the manufacturing plants while closely working with the other manufacturing engineers. Work in collaboration with the maintenance supervisor to define and implement operator maintenance routines. Ensure integration with overall Total productive maintenance program, condition based maintenance inspection plan and spare part list. Co-ordinate and participate in the preparation and realization of continuous improvement projects. Evaluate the goals, the difficulties, the activities to be achieved, the costs and the return on investment; measure the results and carry out the required corrective measures. Target, analyze and evaluate the feasibility and profitability of improvement projects. Improve productivity, quality and on-time delivery. Lead improvement initiatives to increase the efficiency of the manufacturing plant. Continuous improvement to drive rejects and scrap down. Maintain active awareness of new technological development in the field of thermoforming, composites and design of process and machinery. Research and suggest manufacturing processes, methods or equipment in order to optimize production and reduce costs. Bachelor’s degree in Industrial or Mechanical Engineering. Engineer in Training (EIT) candidate or working towards P-Eng considered an asset. 5+ years experience as a manufacturing engineer. Diverse manufacturing experience an asset (production, materials management, FRE Composites, Lean manufacturing engineering, quality assurance, Kaizen). Well versed in relevant software (eg. CAD, SolidWorks, MS Office) and MS Outlook, Excel, PowerPoint, (Previous EAP System experience and asset) Design for manufacturability and FMEA. Knowledge of statistical process control methods, manufacturing methods and procedures, and Manufacturing Quality Experience in Product Development with the ability to presenting technical information Working knowledge of project management tools Passionate about Employee Health and safety. Ability to manage several projects concurrently. Good problem solving skills and dealing with complex issues, experience troubleshooting manufacturing equipment. The ability to lead cross-function project teams with an ability to understand and influence others Demonstrated ability to drive and deliver strategic business plans and initiatives. Strong autonomy and self-motivated. Good communication skills (presentation and technical writing skills). Availability to travel in Canada and the United States when safe to do so. Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID1317:
Lively atmosphere Safe work environment On-the-job training Reflect the values of Home Instead Senior Care franchise. Schedule and conduct applicant interviews in an efficient and professional manner. Create a monthly training calendar. Schedule and conduct CAREGiver training and orientation including training required to meet Home Instead® Standards and additional optional training, specifically Alzheimer’s Training. Schedule and conduct CAREGiver annual reviews and all supervision including regular performance conversations, accountabilities and problem resolution Develop engagement strategies that utilize the 5 CAREGiver needs to promote CAREGiver retention and satisfaction. Work in partnership with the Scheduling Department to coordinate CAREGiver schedules with an emphasis on creating high quality matches and extraordinary relationships. Monitor, mediate, and log client and CAREGiver activity utilizing the software system. Evaluate and update all orientation and training materials as needed Plan, attend, and successfully execute all CAREGiver meetings Develop monthly in-service topics to meet CAREGiver and office needs Develop, plan, and facilitate quarterly CAREGiver meetings Maintain regular attendance at the office to execute job responsibilities Demonstrate open and effective communication with the franchise owner, colleagues, CAREGivers, clients and family members. Conduct Service Inquiries and Care Consultations as needed following the consultative sales process Adhere to all company policies, procedures and business ethics codes and ensures that they are communicated and implemented within the team. Conduct service inquiries, care consultations, client/CAREGiver introductions, and quality assurance visits as deemed necessary. Answer each employment inquiry in a friendly, professional and knowledgeable manner. Perform any and all other functions deemed necessary CAREGiver training conducted in accordance with franchisor requirements 100% of the time Achieve and maintain 85% completion rate of Alzheimer’s training by CAREGivers working for the franchise office Conduct 2 offsite community training sessions per quarter College degree or higher preferred Minimum two years experience in home care, health care or senior-related industry required, an equivalent combination of education and work experience may be considered Must possess a valid driver’s license This position will be responsible for overseeing all of the functions performed by the CAREGiver staff Must have an understanding of and uphold the policies and procedures established by Home Instead Senior Care Must demonstrate knowledge of, and experience in, the senior care industry Must demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills and the ability to listen effectively Must have the ability to work independently, maintain confidentiality of information and meet deadlines Must demonstrate effective interpersonal skills as well as sound judgment and good decision-making skills Must demonstrate discretion, integrity and fair-mindedness consistent with office standards, practices, policies and procedures Must have the ability to organize and prioritize daily, monthly, quarterly and yearly work Must have the ability to establish good working relationships with the franchise owner, office colleagues, CAREGivers and the community Must present a professional appearance and demeanor Must have the ability to operate office equipment Must have the ability to operate HISC technology systems Must be patient and congenial on the telephone Must have computer skills and be proficient in Excel and Word Must have the availability to work evenings or weekends as required Must have the ability to perform duties in a professional office setting Must have the ability to work as a part of a team Must demonstrate excellent organizational skills Bonus pay Company car Extended health care On-site parking Paid time off 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends No 
ScrapedJobID1318:
Casual dress Disability insurance Discounted or free food Extended health care Life insurance RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID1319:
Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise Stationnement sur place Travail à Distance 8 Heures DEP/ AEC ou Certificat (Souhaité) Compétences informatique: 2 ans (Souhaité) Français (Obligatoire) Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1320:
Leading the maintenance of the Agency’s various computer applications and systems by: Collaborating with the Manager and IS personnel to determine the solution architecture for new projects. Identifying, correcting and/or determining solutions to software quality issues. Identifying and evaluating software solutions. Coaching and mentoring IS team on best practices and development techniques. Developing, maintaining, and providing training on best practice coding standards. Performing code review meetings with Development team. Developing programmer documentation to support the application and provide relevant training. Leading and participating in technical design meetings related to SAMA's development/maintenance tasks. Creating deployment processes and documentation. Developing plans, schedules, and estimates for design and coding of complex applications. Communicating programming efforts, status, and timelines. Working with the development and support teams to design, develop, implement and maintain external applications for the Saskatchewan Property Assessment Network (SPAN) i.e. Sales Interface, SAMAView, etc. Developing and maintaining custom interfaces (forms) for the Agency's CAMA system. Developing processes and jobs to automate tasks. Providing reports and ad hoc data extracts. Working with end users to determine application and/or report requirements. Provide end user support by leading or assisting others in the investigation, troubleshooting and resolution of reported issues. University degree or post-secondary diploma in an IT field 10+ years programming and/or application development experience Demonstrated leadership experience in the IT field Proficient in use of software programs (e.g., Azure DevOps, .Net, SQL Server) in a Microsoft Windows environment Solid knowledge of various programming languages (e.g., SQL, VB.Net, C#, Java, Python, etc.) Industry recognized certification (e.g., Microsoft Certified Solutions Developer MCSD) would be considered an asset Strong problem-solving skills Good prioritization skills Excellent written and oral communication skills Ability to work independently or with limited supervision. 
ScrapedJobID1321:
Performs interior design activities including needs analysis, programming, work process analysis, stacking, blocking, finishes selection, design options, estimating, sample boards, specification writing, tender drawing creation, renderings, contractor management, deficiency identification and problem solving, and interfacing with CAFM as required. Renders design ideas in the from of 3-D renderings, sketches, plans, models and schemes using computer aided design (CAD)software in response to client needs. Prepares working drawings, and construction documentation to meet all building codes within applicable jurisdiction. Develops and prepares material cost estimates, project specifications, and requirements tender documents, schedules, and staffing plans to complete projects. Works with clients to define project. Manages the interior design lifecycle for each client engagement. Creates schedules while monitoring progress against timelines. Works closely with project manager, design coordinators, and project teams on conceptual designs, presentations, design development, and production. Responsible for project deliverables, meeting overall project design schedules, as well as preparing and presenting design presentations Prepares technical documentation (e.g. user guides, technical specifications). Assists in the development of documentation and implementation of design process, policies and procedures. Assists with RFP bid document submissions. Liaise with clients, architects, engineers, trades, project managers, vendors, and other project stakeholders. Produces sample boards for presentation to clients. Performs work with minimum supervision, and work is assigned in terms of technical objectives. Provides support, and guidance and production assurance for complex or urgent problems. Makes recommendations or decisions on architecture, application design, standards and process improvements in line with client needs and requirements. Estimates and prioritizes work to maximize value while considering risk, effort and dependencies. Raises impediments, risks and issues as early as possible and work with the team to mitigate as needed. Develops design concepts that meet client needs and with consideration to work process, culture, project implementation, plans, serviceability, sustaining costs, environmental considerations (LEED), impact to related building systems and other project specific conditions. Executes design projects within pre-established budget, time and architectural program limitations. Selects materials according to design standards and budget. Undertake space planning responsibilities, as required. Acts as first point of contact, collecting information from clients and internal team members and conducts site visits to understand client’s spaces/spatial requirements, deficiencies, business adjacencies, work flow, constraints, and opportunities. Applies applicable building codes (e.g. egress and life safety) and liaise with local authorities as required, for purpose of gaining layout approvals. Vendor Management – Develops and maintains effective relationships with vendors. Monitors work progress and oversee vendor performance to ensure quality completion. Complies with all regulatory, environmental, health and safety requirements. Manages expectations and needs of client user groups without compromising client BGIS objectives. Responds quickly to client requests. Ensures proper and timely reporting and systems inputs. Takes responsibility for your individual and the team’s results. Assist in the development and implementation of new processes Supports management on large and/or unique assignments as required. Attends internal and external team meetings and provides status updates as required. Incorporates sustainable practice, where practical into space planning delivery, in accordance with company processes. Gains approval of project designs by internal business representatives and Project Managers. Other duties assigned. University degree in Interior Design, Masters’ Degree preferred. A combination of Diploma in Interior Design and work experience will be considered. At least 10 years of industry experience in commercial interior design. At least 1 to 2 years of successfully mentoring a team of designers. Must have experience with large and medium size projects, hospitality and commercial. Effective client service skills with ability to manage client expectations or redirect to supervisor as needed. Strong client orientation. Strong client service/management skills. Develop client case studies for Marketing materials. Ability to develop creative but functional interior design solutions solve client issues. Create sounds relationships with clients, contractors, and suppliers to promote repeat business. Strong interpersonal skills. Must have excellent writing, communication, and organizational skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including presentation, documentation and report writing skills. Strong analytical, problems solving, and conflict management skills. Strong organizational and communication skills. Superior time management skills including the ability to manage multiple assignments simultaneously. Results-oriented with strong client service/management skills. Great teamwork skills and ability to work autonomously Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced, high volume, deadline driven environment. Communicate your ideas through a variety of methods including verbal, written, sketches, 3D perspectives, and AutoCAD. Facilitation skills: Run weekly status meetings with the team and clients to ensure project delivery. Provide guidance and mentorship to the design team to ensure quality design is carried throughout projects. Mentoring and coaching junior staff. Must be proficient in MS Excel, MS Office, MS Project, and AutoCAD. Experience working with SketchUp, Bluebeam, Adobe, and InDesign. Experience in facilities office planning and general knowledge of real estate business. General understanding of leasing structures and operating costs Financial skills: Ability to financially assess proposed office relocations and changes including cost estimating and forecasting skills. Exceptional project management skills to ensure targeted schedules are met for all projects on time, on budget, and on scope as agreed with the client. Strong project management documentation skills including project specification writing. Strong working knowledge of project management, design, move management, construction and scheduling as well as knowledge of various furniture systems, interiors, materials, and finishes. Creation and management of project budgets and workback schedules to ensure the firm is delivering on time and on budget. Exhibit detail-oriented project management skills Knowledge of and experience with industry standards, applicable building codes and regulations, including LEED Ability to work on multiple projects, schedule and meet deliverables, you also need to exhibit detail the design to allow for co-ordination, accurate pricing and construction Experience with RFP/RFI bid process and document submissions. Develop high-quality drawing and documentation sets that are clear, comprehensive and consistent Thorough knowledge of construction, mechanical, and electrical space impacts. Thorough knowledge of building issues, building and safety codes the range of relevant products and materials, ergonomics, LEED, Bill 124 and applicable industry standards and regulations. Review final working drawing packages and document contemplated changes, site instruction, change orders. Project Management Professional (PMP) Certified Change Management Practitioner NCIDQ is required ARIDO is required 
ScrapedJobID1322:

ScrapedJobID1323:
Performs interior design activities including needs analysis, programming, work process analysis, stacking, blocking, finishes selection, design options, estimating, sample boards, specification writing, tender drawing creation, renderings, contractor management, deficiency identification and problem solving, and interfacing with CAFM as required. Renders design ideas in the from of 3-D renderings, sketches, plans, models and schemes using computer aided design (CAD)software in response to client needs. Prepares working drawings, and construction documentation to meet all building codes within applicable jurisdiction. Develops and prepares material cost estimates, project specifications, and requirements tender documents, schedules, and staffing plans to complete projects. Works with clients to define project. Manages the interior design lifecycle for each client engagement. Creates schedules while monitoring progress against timelines. Works closely with project manager, design coordinators, and project teams on conceptual designs, presentations, design development, and production. Responsible for project deliverables, meeting overall project design schedules, as well as preparing and presenting design presentations Prepares technical documentation (e.g. user guides, technical specifications). Assists in the development of documentation and implementation of design process, policies and procedures. Assists with RFP bid document submissions. Liaise with clients, architects, engineers, trades, project managers, vendors, and other project stakeholders. Produces sample boards for presentation to clients. Performs work with minimum supervision, and work is assigned in terms of technical objectives. Provides support, and guidance and production assurance for complex or urgent problems. Makes recommendations or decisions on architecture, application design, standards and process improvements in line with client needs and requirements. Estimates and prioritizes work to maximize value while considering risk, effort and dependencies. Raises impediments, risks and issues as early as possible and work with the team to mitigate as needed. Develops design concepts that meet client needs and with consideration to work process, culture, project implementation, plans, serviceability, sustaining costs, environmental considerations (LEED), impact to related building systems and other project specific conditions. Executes design projects within pre-established budget, time and architectural program limitations. Selects materials according to design standards and budget. Undertake space planning responsibilities, as required. Acts as first point of contact, collecting information from clients and internal team members and conducts site visits to understand client’s spaces/spatial requirements, deficiencies, business adjacencies, work flow, constraints, and opportunities. Applies applicable building codes (e.g. egress and life safety) and liaise with local authorities as required, for purpose of gaining layout approvals. Vendor Management – Develops and maintains effective relationships with vendors. Monitors work progress and oversee vendor performance to ensure quality completion. Complies with all regulatory, environmental, health and safety requirements. Manages expectations and needs of client user groups without compromising client BGIS objectives. Responds quickly to client requests. Ensures proper and timely reporting and systems inputs. Takes responsibility for your individual and the team’s results. Assist in the development and implementation of new processes Supports management on large and/or unique assignments as required. Attends internal and external team meetings and provides status updates as required. Incorporates sustainable practice, where practical into space planning delivery, in accordance with company processes. Gains approval of project designs by internal business representatives and Project Managers. Other duties assigned. University degree in Interior Design, Masters’ Degree preferred. A combination of Diploma in Interior Design and work experience will be considered. At least 10 years of industry experience in commercial interior design. At least 1 to 2 years of successfully mentoring a team of designers. Must have experience with large and medium size projects, hospitality and commercial. Effective client service skills with ability to manage client expectations or redirect to supervisor as needed. Strong client orientation. Strong client service/management skills. Develop client case studies for Marketing materials. Ability to develop creative but functional interior design solutions solve client issues. Create sounds relationships with clients, contractors, and suppliers to promote repeat business. Interpersonal & Soft Skills Strong interpersonal skills. Must have excellent writing, communication, and organizational skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including presentation, documentation and report writing skills. Strong analytical, problems solving, and conflict management skills. Strong organizational and communication skills. Superior time management skills including the ability to manage multiple assignments simultaneously. Results-oriented with strong client service/management skills. Great teamwork skills and ability to work autonomously Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced, high volume, deadline driven environment. Communicate your ideas through a variety of methods including verbal, written, sketches, 3D perspectives, and AutoCAD. Facilitation skills: Run weekly status meetings with the team and clients to ensure project delivery. Provide guidance and mentorship to the design team to ensure quality design is carried throughout projects. Mentoring and coaching junior staff. Must be proficient in MS Excel, MS Office, MS Project, and AutoCAD. Experience working with SketchUp, Bluebeam, Adobe, and InDesign. Experience in facilities office planning and general knowledge of real estate business. General understanding of leasing structures and operating costs Financial skills: Ability to financially assess proposed office relocations and changes including cost estimating and forecasting skills. Exceptional project management skills to ensure targeted schedules are met for all projects on time, on budget, and on scope as agreed with the client. Strong project management documentation skills including project specification writing. Strong working knowledge of project management, design, move management, construction and scheduling as well as knowledge of various furniture systems, interiors, materials, and finishes. Creation and management of project budgets and workback schedules to ensure the firm is delivering on time and on budget. Exhibit detail-oriented project management skills Knowledge of and experience with industry standards, applicable building codes and regulations, including LEED Ability to work on multiple projects, schedule and meet deliverables, you also need to exhibit detail the design to allow for co-ordination, accurate pricing and construction Experience with RFP/RFI bid process and document submissions. Develop high-quality drawing and documentation sets that are clear, comprehensive and consistent Thorough knowledge of construction, mechanical, and electrical space impacts. Thorough knowledge of building issues, building and safety codes the range of relevant products and materials, ergonomics, LEED, Bill 124 and applicable industry standards and regulations. Review final working drawing packages and document contemplated changes, site instruction, change orders. Project Management Professional (PMP) Certified Change Management Practitioner NCIDQ is required ARIDO is required 
ScrapedJobID1324:
Review, compare and edit a range of translated online documentation and learning solutions to ensure all standards are applied and consistent. Translate, review and edit translated content to ensure content language aligns with the English version of content. Conduct review for all translated content to revise, edit and proofread content to ensure: coherence, flow and conciseness. correctness of grammar, punctuation, and spelling consistency of tone/voice, grammar, pagination, layout and design adherence to departmental defined standards and style guides. adherence to bank standards and requirements around intellectual property, trademark usage/restrictions, branding, and copyrights appropriateness of message given target audience and learning objectives Provide input on such things as names, business names or other data required for French content. Assist with other French production activities as required including locating French URLs, locating French manual page names, and identifying and capturing French screens. Work with the Translation Leads, Translation Group, the Learning Designers, the Learning Project Managers and in some cases our external translation vendor to implement required versions of French content and produce the French version Use a variety of web editing tools and templates to edit content and work with Senior Technical Writers, Publishers and Quality Assurance, Learning Content Management Leads to implement required changes and revisions to content in order to produce the final version of all content. Translation software knowledge – MemoQ (In the past manager found candidates mentioned MemoQ experience in resume but couldn’t talk to it) Must be completely fluent in French - reading, writing, speaking Tech savvy Banking background is an asset Translation memory software experience Bachelor’s Degree in French translation Dreamweaver experience Ability to multi-task and prioritize, meet deadlines Detail oriented Hard-working and self-motivated Takes ownership of work 
ScrapedJobID1325:

ScrapedJobID1326:
Design, develop and implement detailed functional test plans, cases, and automated scripts as per product specification(s) for internal and external projects/engagements; trace requirements to tests Leverage a wide range of testing methodologies to thoroughly test features, functions, performance, etc. Document and analyze test results; investigate and discover quality issues and recommend solutions – execute as required Support website and web-based analytics application builds as needed Work in collaboration with team members across disciplines to incorporate business requirements, user experience, user interface design, client- based analyses, etc. into test plans, test cases and/or website/web-analytic builds Identify potential implementation issues and recommend technological/process improvements Develop quality assurance approach and comprehensive testing structures with forward-looking considerations Produce technical reports and documentations A Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, or similar technical field of study and/or equivalent practical experience Experience in designing highly effective test plans and test cycles Proficiency in combining UI technologies (eg. JavaScript, CSS, HTML) Experience with automated testing applications (eg. Postman) Quick to adopt new tools, systems, and programming languages Ability to see big picture while paying close attention to details Strong planning, organizational, and analytical skills Ability to perform in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment – independently & collaboratively in a team Highly self-motivated with a strong desire to learn and stay abreast of data analytics/insights, business intelligence, and artificial intelligence technology developments and standards Excellent oral and written communication skills; proficient in document and report writing Passionate and enthusiastic for innovation in the tech industry Familiar with modern web programming technologies (eg. ReactJS, Angular, Vue) and/or data analytics tools (eg. RStudio, Jupyter) with the ability to perform data analytics and draw insights Familiar with scalable computing systems, software architecture, data structures and algorithms Understanding of digital advertising; some prior experience with advertising platforms and tools such as Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, etc. Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID1327:
Implement quality assurance best practices in its team responsible for data transformation (ETL team). Develop the various strategies related to testing and implementation. Automate tests and / or actively participate in the automation of tests with the analyst-programmers on your team. Ensure the realization and the implementation of the appropriate corrective measures. Identify situations that may significantly affect the quality of deliverables and provide feedback to collaborators and partners. Support the client in defining his needs, targeting, entering, analyzing and interpreting the information and data necessary to support the decision-making process in the choice of appropriate technological solutions. Document the solutions developed. Bachelor's degree in an appropriate discipline or equivalent training. 
ScrapedJobID1328:
Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Store discount Tuition reimbursement Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID1329:
Assures consistent quality and high confidence level in food safety of all products Assures GMP and timely response to non-compliant products Assures data collection, data management and analysis Meets or exceeds KPIs Conduct and participate in the development of HACCP Plans and Preventive Controls. Lead in program implementation Update and maintain HACCP and preventive Control Programs, and related policies and procedures. Establish management and control systems to maintain compliance with quality systems and regulatory compliance. Support annual assessment of Preventive Control and HACCP Programs. Update SOPs and forms as necessary resulting from HACCP reassessment and program changes. Conduct internal audit and support with external audits and inspections (BRC, Customer, CFIA). Verify HACCP/Preventive Control Program documents and procedures, including onsite verifications Identify and resolve HACCP/Preventive Control Non-compliant issue in a timely manner. Provide recommendations for quality improvement, corrective actions, and preventative measures Support facility in conducting traceability exercises Organize and conduct training in HACCP & GMP, food safety and quality policies and procedures. Understand Standard Operating Procedures and Inspection Regulations. Collaborate with Maintenance and other departments and assist Quality Assurance Manager in backing-up QA Department Other duties as assigned. Exemplify the DFF values of People, Safety, Integrity, Quality, and Customer Focus Adhere to and promote Company procedures at all times All other duties as assigned Provide and maintain a safe working environment for all employees and visiting customers Work with the team towards achieve zero lost time and medical incidents Adhere to rules, regulations, and labour as per the sites on OH&S Minimum 2 years of experience as a QA Technician or HACCP Coordinator in a food processing facility or manufacturing environment. University degree and/or diploma in a Science related program (Chemistry, Biochemistry, Food Science, Microbiology or Biological Sciences) Knowledge in general quality and food safety principles Knowledge of HACCP and other Food Safety Programs Excellent verbal and written communication skills Proficient in using various types of computer software (Word, Excel, Outlook etc.) Ability to write policies and procedures Ability to manage and coordinate multiple projects in a fast-paced environment Ability to work well with others & independently Time management and organization skills Ability to work in a refrigerated environment Sitting and standing for extended periods of time Typically works Monday to Friday with some weekend requirements Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID1330:
Rédiger et traduire des textes ecommerce, qui peuvent inclure des descriptions produits, des titres de produits, des tableaux de spécifications, et toutes autres demandes de texte Veiller à ce que chaque description prenne en compte les caractéristiques uniques et les avantages de chaque produit, ainsi que l’information relatif à son utilisation pour faire en sorte que le client ait toutes les informations nécessaires avant de passer à l’achat Veiller à ce que les descriptions techniques des produits soient adéquates et complètes, que le SEO soit maximisé, et que la rédaction se conforme aux guides de style internes Contribuer au développement de l'image de marque d'Altitude Sports par l’entremise de la rédaction Faire de l’assurance qualité sur nos pages produits et procéder aux corrections lorsque nécessaire, afin d’assurer le respect des standards de rédaction de l’entreprise Maintenir un horaire rigoureux afin de respecter les échéanciers en place, ainsi que les objectifs de qualité et de productivité Assurer l’atteinte des objectifs de productivité hebdomadaires et procéder à la mise à jour des outils de suivi Participer à l'innovation du contenu et au développement des initiatives de développement de processus Collaborer de près avec les spécialistes de produit afin de produire du contenu complet pour nos clients Définir et se conformer au processus de production du début à la fin Bâtir des relations fortes et positives avec nos partenaires externes afin d’assurer l’atteinte des objectifs communs Suggérer et implanter des nouveaux standards qui ont comme but d’élever la marque Altitude Sports et de réjouir notre clientèle grandissante 1-2 ans d’expérience dans un rôle similaire Bilingue en français et en anglais Capacité d’écrire des descriptions produits pertinentes et engageantes Capacité de travailler sur de nombreuses tâches à la fois tout en fournissant du contenu de très haute qualité et en respectant un échéancier strict Une connaissance approfondie des produits proposés par Altitude Sports De très bonnes capacités de recherche et de synthèse Une aisance générale avec les plateformes informatiques (la suite Google, Asana) Une attention aux détails et une polyvalence dans son style d’écriture Un joueur d’équipe avec des excellentes habiletés interpersonnelles et de communication Une expérience en commerce électronique ou dans une industrie similaire (un atout) Une expérience avec MemoQ (un atout) Veuillez noter qu'il s'agit d'un poste à temps plein, permanent Le rôle est basé à Montréal Une assurance collective (médicale, dentaire, paramédicale); Des rabais employés sur plus de 400 marques techniques et urbaines; La possibilité d'effectuer ses tâches en télétravail pendant la COVID-19; Un environnement de travail convivial au cœur du Mile-Ex; La possibilité d'évoluer au sein d'une entreprise de e-commerce en pleine croissance; La possibilité de se joindre à une équipe jeune, dynamique et talentueuse Write and translate e-commerce copy, including product descriptions, product titles, specification tables and other requests Ensure each description focuses on the product's unique benefits and contains the technical and use information a customer needs to make an informed purchasing decision Ensure technical specifications for products are accurate and complete, SEO is maximized, and writing complies with in-house style guides Contribute to the development of our brand identity through copywriting Performs quality assurance on product pages and make edits to adhere to Copy Standards Maintain strict standards of quality control to ensure content is consistent, accurate, and relevant for our customers Maintain a rigorous schedule that meets deadlines, capacity and quality targets Ensure weekly KPI targets are consistently met and tracking tools are updated daily Assist with content innovation and workflow development initiatives Partners closely with product specialists to create helpful and resourceful content for end consumers. Modifies existing web product copy Helps define and adhere to the end-to-end copy production process. Build strong and positive relationships with external partners to ensure we consistently meet our targets while applying best practices Suggest and implement new standards to elevate our brand and delight our ever-growing client base 1-2 years of experience in a similar role Bilingual in French and English Demonstrated ability to write product descriptions that are relevant and engaging Ability to work on multiple tasks simultaneously while creating high quality content within tight deadlines Deep knowledge of the products that we carry Strong research skills General ease with computer software (Google Suite, Asana) Detail-oriented and versatile writer who is self-motivated and collaborative Team player with great communication and interpersonal skills Experience writing for e-commerce or related industries (an asset) Experience working with memoQ (an asset) Please note this is a permanent, full-time position This role is Montreal-based A complete benefits package (medical, paramedical and dental); Staff discount on 400+ urban and technical brands; The possibility to work remotely during COVID-19; A welcoming work environment in the heart of Montreal's Little Italy; Be part of a fast-growing company in the booming e-commerce space; Be part of a talented team. 
ScrapedJobID1331:
Contributing to and/or leading investigations of turbine component and system failures such as failure of rotating machinery, turbine collapses and fires. Systematically evaluating data to assess specific failure modes, causal factors and mitigating strategies for rotating machinery. Modeling component reliability and cost for aging wind farms based on customer and internal data sets, visualizing and interpreting resulting information for customers. Reviewing root cause analysis (RCA) investigations to assess RCA’s completeness and provide evaluation of associated risks and mitigants. Performing or supporting field and factory inspections of wind turbines and components as part of construction monitoring, operational project assessments, manufacturing quality inspections, and failure investigations (in-person and/or virtual site visits). Preparing detailed reports, technical notes, and email correspondence to communicate clearly to customers with accuracy and technical rigor. Soliciting and listening to customer issues and advising them on root causes, alternatives, timelines and costs for various solutions. Remaining current on new wind turbine technology, engaging with original equipment manufacturers to understand latest technical details on new products and updates/revisions to existing products. Other duties may be assigned. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities. Bachelor’s degree in an engineering discipline or relevant field. Minimum five years of experience focused on utility-scale wind turbines or minimum three years of experience with wind turbines and two or more in other industrial rotating machinery Ability to work effectively and professionally with diverse people – customers and colleagues. Excellent oral and written communication skills in English. Proficiency with MS Office Word/Excel We conduct pre-employment background screenings Experience with different wind turbine platforms. Experience working for a wind project owner/operator. Experience with failure rate modeling Experience with PowerBI or other visualization software Ability to travel up to 10% 
ScrapedJobID1332:
Monday to Friday Quality Assurance: 2 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1333:
A Software Engineer fulfils the following responsibilities with little to moderate guidance of more senior team members. Take ownership of stories and interpret business requirements for these stories with the assistance of project managers. Design and implement new features in product and improve existing features as required. Provide feedback on requirements from a technical perspective, and provide estimates for user stories and tasks. Provide input into technical design, at the story and/or module level. Comply with coding standards. Collaborate with quality assurance engineers to fix defects. Collaborate with build and release engineers to prepare packages and solve environment issues. Investigate and find the root cause for software problems reported by clients. Maintain technical documents. Review code of other team members. Mentor Associate Software Engineer Minimum Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related major from top institutions, Masters degree is a plus. Deep understanding of Object Oriented design and development 3+ years of professional software development experience on multi-tiered enterprise applications. Experienced in Programming Languages: C++ Experience in C# is preferred but not necessary 
ScrapedJobID1334:
8 hour shift Quality Assurance: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1335:
Work cooperatively with other internal departments and divisions for the implementation of new products, processes, equipment and materials to ensure these processes are efficiently adapted and standardized. Support the process control deployment: Determine the major parameters that control production and institute practices and processes to ensure process control. Standardize practices across the manufacturing plants while closely working with the other manufacturing engineers. Work in collaboration with the maintenance supervisor to define and implement operator maintenance routines. Ensure integration with overall Total productive maintenance program, condition based maintenance inspection plan and spare part list. Co-ordinate and participate in the preparation and realization of continuous improvement projects. Evaluate the goals, the difficulties, the activities to be achieved, the costs and the return on investment; measure the results and carry out the required corrective measures. Target, analyze and evaluate the feasibility and profitability of improvement projects. Improve productivity, quality and on-time delivery. Lead improvement initiatives to increase the efficiency of the manufacturing plant. Continuous improvement to drive rejects and scrap down. Maintain active awareness of new technological development in the field of thermoforming, composites and design of process and machinery. Research and suggest manufacturing processes, methods or equipment in order to optimize production and reduce costs. Bachelor’s degree in Industrial or Mechanical Engineering. Engineer in Training (EIT) candidate or working towards P-Eng considered an asset. 5+ years experience as a manufacturing engineer. Diverse manufacturing experience an asset (production, materials management, FRE Composites, Lean manufacturing engineering, quality assurance, Kaizen). Well versed in relevant software (eg. CAD, SolidWorks, MS Office) and MS Outlook, Excel, PowerPoint, (Previous EAP System experience and asset) Design for manufacturability and FMEA. Knowledge of statistical process control methods, manufacturing methods and procedures, and Manufacturing Quality Experience in Product Development with the ability to presenting technical information Working knowledge of project management tools Passionate about Employee Health and safety. Ability to manage several projects concurrently. Good problem solving skills and dealing with complex issues, experience troubleshooting manufacturing equipment. The ability to lead cross-function project teams with an ability to understand and influence others Demonstrated ability to drive and deliver strategic business plans and initiatives. Strong autonomy and self-motivated. Good communication skills (presentation and technical writing skills). Availability to travel in Canada and the United States when safe to do so. Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID1336:
Computer Science, Mathematics, Computer Engineering degree or equivalent Detail-oriented, excellent analytical skills 5+ years of QA experience with designing test cases, writing test documentation, executing test (Functional Testing, Regression Testing, UAT Testing, Migration Testing, Integration Testing, Backend Database Testing, End To End Testing, Performance Testing), and defect management Thorough understanding of Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) and Software Test Life Cycle (STLC) 5+ years of relational database experience to navigate through data models, backup and restore databases for data migration testing 5+ years of writing complex SQL queries 5+ years of experience using Test Management Tool – Tricentis qTest 5+ years of automation testing experience using Tricentis Tosca 5+ years of performance testing experience using NeoLoad Experience with MS Teams and Atlassian products – Confluence, Jira Experience testing web applications and APIs built through MS technologies and Salesforce Experience with working in Waterfall and Agile methodologies Excellent documentation skills and communication skills in both verbal and written 2X vaccinated - mandatory Day shift Monday to Friday Mississauga, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred) quality assurance: 1 year (preferred) QA Automation: 5 years (preferred) T-SQL: 5 years (preferred) qTest: 1 year (preferred) Agile: 1 year (preferred) Tricentis Certification (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1337:
Reports to the Senior Manager, Quality Assurance and is an integral part of the Quality Assurance team. This position is responsible for performing Quality/Process Assurance reviews and audits on development life cycle data within the guidance of DO-178B/C, ARP4754A & DO254 This person will provide support to the Design Assurance Lead during the design phase of the project life cycle by auditing the development processes and their outputs for compliance with design plans, policies and procedures applicable to the project. With demonstrated superior Leadership skills and abilities, the position requires excellent communications and interpersonal skills, teamwork qualities as well as the ability to work in a high pace and dynamic environment. The successful candidate is goal oriented, focuses on obtaining results, is analytical and ensures the validity and credibility of the data produced. Conduct audits of the outputs from the development cycle for compliance with customer and regulatory requirements Monitor the Problem Report and Engineering Change Proposal System to ensure timely resolution and the implementation of Corrective Action Participate in design reviews and assist in the resolution of problems Produce Quality/Process Assurance Records, Conformity Reviews and Compliance Statements Engineering Degree in Software/Hardware or equivalent. Working knowledge of DO 178B/C, ARP4754A, DO254 Familiar with Quality Systems and audit protocols. Experience using Configuration Management tools such as: Strong computer skills, working in Microsoft office (Word, Excel, Access) 
ScrapedJobID1338:
Leadership: Provides leadership and direction to assigned Internal Audit staff including recruitment, ongoing training and development, knowledge-sharing, coaching, goal-setting and performance management. IT & Cybersecurity Audit Management and Delivery: Plans the objectives and scope for comprehensive IT and cybersecurity assurance and consulting engagements using a risk-based approach. Designs and develops risk-based audit programs and related procedures for areas in the IT and cybersecurity audit universe. Completes files to ensure sufficient work was completed and evidence obtained to meet the objectives of the engagement. While there is no permanent supervisory responsibilities, supervises or assists on an as-needed basis, a team of internal auditors and/or external consultants to complete specific IT or cybersecurity audit engagements, integrated audit engagements with such components, or general audit engagements with no such components, where possible. Reporting and Communication: Delves into audit findings to isolate and identify root causes of control deficiencies. Writes concise, risk-focused reports with pragmatic recommendations. Communicates with and engages stakeholders in a diplomatic and tactful manner, in discussions of complex and sensitive issues, audit findings, and recommendations. Facilitates and ensures open communication with other members of the Internal Audit department, as well as IT, Risk, external auditors, regulators and other organizational partners, in the areas of IT and cybersecurity controls, risk management, governance, regulatory compliance, and internal policies/procedures. Guidance, Assistance and Thought Leadership: Assists the Internal Audit leadership team in managing and updating the IT and cybersecurity audit universe, as well as performing the risk assessment and developing an IT and cybersecurity audit plan, by staying current with the Credit Union’s business operations, IT and cybersecurity environment and major projects, as well as changing regulations, and emerging risks. Provides advice to and perform value-add activities for key internal stakeholders (e.g., IT and Risk), without compromising independence and objectivity, on IT and cybersecurity risk management, control and governance processes, and recommends process improvements to mitigate risk to the Credit Union. Provides technical expertise and appropriate training to members of the Internal Audit department relative to TeamMate and ACL, and acts as the administrator of these applications by managing software upgrades, configurations, user privileges and user access, among others. Professional Standards: Ensures adherence to the IIA Standards and maintains a professional standard of conduct. Maintains an understanding of departmental quality standards, policies and procedures, industry regulations, and relevant organizational policies and procedures, and imparts that understanding to the Internal Audit team and incorporates it into all assurance, consulting, and value-add activities. Keeps abreast of leading practices, latest trends, and technological and cybersecurity developments, and incorporates them into engagements. Internal Audit Development and Advancement: Assists the Internal Audit leadership team in establishing, developing and maturing the IT and cybersecurity audit practice/service by providing technical expertise and developing IT and cybersecurity audit-specific tools, practices and methodologies. Contributes to the advancement of overall Internal Audit practices and methodologies by providing technical guidance and assistance in implementing and maturing continuous auditing capabilities, and automating manual testing procedures by leveraging application controls and data analytics. Bachelor's Degree in one of the following area's of study: Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Business Administration or equivalent Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA), Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), Certified Information Security Manager (CISM), Certified in Risk and Information Systems Control (CRISC), or another related IT designation Minimum 5 years of IT and cybersecurity auditing and/or risk management experience in a wide range of areas, such as cybersecurity (e.g., vulnerability assessment, incident management, etc.), IT and data governance, cloud computing (e.g., PaaS, SaaS, etc.), applications (e.g., web services, application controls and system development lifecycle), infrastructure services and components (e.g., servers, databases and networks), disaster recovery planning, and IT general controls, among others. Advanced understanding of IT and cybersecurity-specific risks and controls, as well as related frameworks, standards or guides (e.g., COBIT, NIST, ITIL, IIA GTAG, ISO 27001, 27002, SOC (SSAE16/CSAE3416), etc.), relevant regulatory requirements (e.g., OSFI cybersecurity guidance, PIPEDA/PIPA, Interac, PCI DSS, etc.), and industry leading practices and risk trends Demonstrated ability to understand and/or analyze the relationship between information technology and cybersecurity risk, and the underlying business risk or objective Proficient in applying auditing and analytical techniques, including the use of relevant IT and cybersecurity-related frameworks, standards or guides Knowledge of auditing principles and practices Proficiency with data analytics and CAATs tools Excellent interpersonal skills, with the ability to interact effectively and build relationships with all levels of the organization Strong written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to present information in a clear and concise manner Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to effectively process a large volume of information and/or uncertainty, draw meaningful and persuasive conclusions, and develop practical recommendations to improve the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the organization Ability to exercise sound professional judgement A competitive base salary plus performance-based incentive compensation Annual merit pay increases Flexible benefits as well as support for retirement benefits Vacation time, a flexible “Day4U” and the option to purchase up to five additional vacation days Other financial perks such as our Employee Banking Advantages which includes waived or reduced financial service fees, reduced rates on personal loans, mortgages and no-interest loans on lifestyle-related items that promote health, wellness, learning and business aptitude 
ScrapedJobID1339:
Manage all small-scale fabrication projects < $250 000 for structural and pipe spool manufacturing Perform weld take offs/weld counts for piping isometrics Perform material take offs for piping isometrics Take technical responsibility for the job specifications and fabrication drawings Manage draftsmen and engineering contractors in the creation of detailed manufacturing drawings Support the fabrication shop and QC on any query or needed information Raise requests to clients for needed information (RFI) Review fabrication drawings Review client designs and verify manufacturing drawings accurately addresses the requirement Issue requests to Supply Chain for material purchase and allocation Report back to Engineering group on fabrication shop workload and any concerns Support project estimators with regards to technical queries Design of shop layouts and other engineered solutions Other duties as requested by the Engineering Manager 3+ years’ experience in a project and fabrication environment Experience with estimating projects and project management is essential Bachelors degree in Mechanical Engineering Competent using Microsoft Office Organized with high attention to detail Must function well in a high paced environment P.Eng designation is an asset Experience with ERP systems is an asset Experience with CAD software such as AutoCAD, Acorn and Tekla is an asset Experience and knowledge of ASME B31.3 and CWB welding standards is an asset General knowledge of products and services in relation to the oil and gas industry Knowledge of safe work practices, Quality Assurance requirements, and Continuous Improvement (Lean Manufacturing) principles Project Engineer and Estimator Document Office, shop floor and yard environment – sitting, standing, walking in shop and yard Wearing PPE as needed in the shop and yard Lifting up to 50 lbs. without mechanical assistance Driver’s license and vehicl 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Do you have a Bachelors degree in Mechanical Engineering project and fabrication: 3 years (preferred) Project Estimation: 2 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1340:
Establish specifications that translate user needs into solutions while observing agreed budgets, timeframes and technical parameters. Design and develop system components, including programming, documentation and testing of solutions. Ensure system quality, security and stability by following development and documentation standards and practices. Work closely with the software integrators and designer for software design, development, configuration and fault correction. Provide second-level technical support to the Help Desk or Operations to resolve production problems. Adapt to changing technology, learning and applying new methods for achieving the goals of the organisation. Adhere to established policies, standards and procedures for ensuring the security and integrity of systems and data. Aide au Transport Quotidien Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Bourses d'Études Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise REER Collectif Tenue Décontractée Travail à Distance 8 Heures Baccalauréat (Souhaité) Microsoft Dynamics 365: 5 ans (Souhaité) Français (Obligatoire) Anglais (Souhaité) 
ScrapedJobID1341:
Create manual test scripts from business requirement, standards documentations and existing prototypes Manage/Maintain testing hardware and software to ensure proper testing is performed on different hardware models and firmware/release versions Execute regression, user interface and functional testing following documented procedures/standards Perform functional regression/smoke and performance testing based on the test scripts developed Use defect tracking tool to analyze, report and track application defects and enhancements Analyze and comprehend test results obtained from the test procedure and is able to summarize the results to the team lead Actively participate in process improvement discussion/meetings Work with Team Leads to create test plans for all major releases Identify, document problems and perform re-testing to ensure problems are solved Identify and recommend changes to enhance the effectiveness of quality assurance strategies Strong written and oral communication skills in both French and English Understanding of software development life cycle Self-starter with strong drive to learn and gain knowledge Ability to apply knowledge gained to get assignments completed on time and with quality Knowledge of various testing techniques and approaches including automated testing Working knowledge of Windows 7+, MS Excel, VNC, Networking Experience using Test management tools [Jira, Zephyr and TFS] Practical knowledge of different testing techniques (Verification and Validation techniques) Responsible, Team Oriented, detailed oriented, driven, creative, takes initiative and is results oriented Demonstrated capacity to work collaboratively in team environment as well as autonomously to complete assigned tasks Ability to effectively use defect tracking tool to analyze, report and track application defects and enhancements Good technical documentation skills. Create automation scripts based on manual test cases and requirements to ensure all product functionality and requirements are met and potential issues are identified Computer Language coding skills such as C# or JAVA Programming proficiency Being bilingual (French/English) 
ScrapedJobID1342:
Produce highly reliable and available software built with best practices and standards following an Define and create testing strategies and deliver unit, integration, and automated UI tests for our Develop automated test framework/harness to establish a baseline of confidence for our evolving Work with and contribute to a team of software developers assisting in testing and confirming Collaborate within business teams to ensure development and architecture meets our customers Communicate within the organization on all aspects of SOLV3D's business processes; we believe Provide mentorship on quality assurance standards and practices to all members of the team. 4+ years of experience collaborating and working on software development projects. Proven experience in designing and developing automated test frameworks for web-based A solid track record of managing and delivering enterprise or start-up applications. Experience working in an Agile environment, particularly Scrum. Knowledge of unit testing, integration testing, and TDD. Experience working from home or in a remote environment. Thrives working in a start-up environment - ability to wear multiple hats including taking tasks Experience designing and testing machine learning and deep learning systems. HTML/JavaScript and Python development experience. Knowledge of Surveying, Geomatics, or GIS industries. Experience with LiDAR (Point Cloud) data. Experience designing DevOps pipelines, particularly automatically running tests. 
ScrapedJobID1343:
Configure, operate, maintain, and monitor networking, server, and storage environments including physical appliances. Support Level 1 and Level 2 incidents while providing quality and timely solutions. Manage and maintain Fastco’s ITSM system while upholding industry best practices and company policies. Evaluate, build, and install IT hardware and software. Analyze, operate, maintain, and improve IT security systems and policies. Create and maintain documentation of configuration, operation and troubleshooting procedures. Collaborate with different parts of the IS team on various application and infrastructure projects. Configure, operate, and maintain Fastco’s hypervisor environment. Continuously monitor LAN, WAN, and WLAN traffic to ensure a robust backbone and edge operation. Maintain and monitor Fastco’s DRS environment — Perform monthly DR/BC simulations. Improve and simplify operations by automating tasks. Work closely with third-party vendors (ISV) to resolve operational issues. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. Excellent technical understanding at all levels. Strong organizational skills. Dynamic personality, excellent interpersonal skills, facilitator, self-motivated, and driven. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Able to communicate technical details in simplified terms. Demonstrates a positive attitude and remains calm in stressful situations. Demonstrates a high degree of adaptability and initiative. Comfortable learning new technologies quickly, and perpetually. University degree, college diploma or equivalent industry training in a related field. A minimum of 3 years in a similar position. Cisco certifications desired; Microsoft and CompTIA are assets. Familiar with the TCP/IP and OSI models. Fluent in both English and French; Excellent verbal and written English is a must. Network security experience (knowledge of Sophos and Fortinet products is desired). Superior hardware and software knowledge. Windows and Linux server administration experience (installation, deployment, maintenance, troubleshooting). Experience with VMware and Hyper-V products. M365, Azure, and/or GCP experience is an asset. Experience with cloud-based ERP systems is an asset (knowledge of SAP is preferred). Knowledge of IT standards (ITIL, ISO/IEC 27001). Knowledge of the automobile industry is an asset. Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Vie Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise Programme d'Aide aux Employés Programmes de Bien-être REER Collectif Stationnement sur place Tenue Décontractée 8 Heures Non 
ScrapedJobID1344:
Agir en tant que coordonnateur principal des activités entre le promoteur de l'étude, les sites cliniques, les autres fournisseurs de services et l'équipe interne de Biospective Participer à la mise en place des études cliniques avec les collaborateurs internes et externes Superviser la conduite des études cliniques de l'initiation des sites jusqu'à la fin de l'étude Produire et réviser les documents d'études Assurer la qualité globale et la conformité réglementaire des études B.Sc. en sciences de la vie ou science de la santé, ou 2 ans d'expérience significative en recherche Bonnes compétences en communication Excellentes capacités d'organisation et souci du détail Compétences avec la Suite Microsoft office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Abilité à travailler de manière indépendante sans supervision immédiate mais également en équipe Capacité de rester motivé lors de la réalisation d'activités répétitives Facilité d'apprentissage Démontrer de la flexibilité pour répondre aux changements de priorités et aux multiples tâches Excellente maitrise de l'Anglais, écrit et parlé Expérience du système d'exploitation Linux Connaissance de l'anatomie du cerveau Expérience de travail avec des données d'imagerie Expérience en sélection, initiation et suivi de sites cliniques Connaissance de base de la règlementation entourant la recherche clinique, incluant les BPCs Faire preuve d'initiative et être proactif pour la résolution de problèmes Act as liaison between the sponsor, research sites, third party vendors and Internal Team Coordinate setup activities for new clinical studies with internal and external stakeholders Oversee the conduct of clinical studies from site initiation to study close out Produce and review study-related documentation Ensure overall studies quality and regulatory compliance Bachelor’s degree in a relevant life sciences or health care discipline or 2 years related research experience Good communication skills Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail Good knowledge of computer Microsoft Office software (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Able to work independently, without immediate supervision, and as part of a team Ability to remain motivated when performing repetitive tasks Ability to learn new skills quickly Demonstrated flexibility to deal with changing priorities and multiple tasks Knowledge of the Linux operating system Knowledge of brain anatomy Experience working with imaging data Site selection, initiation and monitoring Basic knowledge of regulatory environment in Clinical Research, including GCPs Solution-oriented with proactive approach to issues Working knowledge of French, spoken and written Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Day shift Monday to Friday Canadian resident or valid work permit Bachelor's Degree (required) relevant: 1 year (required) French and English (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 Remote interview process Virtual meetings 
ScrapedJobID1345:
Administrative tasks (filing and copying) for all scientific divisions; Obtain signatures for various documents (study plans, amendments, etc.) from the signatories (SD, QA, Management, etc.); Scan, distribute and file electronic draft/final study plans, study plan amendments, memos, study schedules, training records, job descriptions, CV, etc.; Responsible to ensure that all original study plan/amendment, method procedures and related documents are transferred to the appropriate individual for filing; Manage DocuSign for study plans, amendments and other appropriate documents requiring DocuSign; Management of main file and Sponsor correspondence; Prompt Scientists of upcoming draft and final report shipment dates; Prepare non-study related shipment requests; Coordinate logistics for client, vendor site visits and departmental meetings, including conference rooms, room accommodations, ground transportation, catering and meal orders with supplier; Place orders for office related supplies. Secretarial Diploma or equivalent; A minimum of 3 years of relevant experience; Fluently bilingual, oral and written; Strong organizational, interpersonal and communication skills; Strong problem-solving skills; Detail oriented and meticulous; Strong customer service orientation; Ability to work independently under time constraints and adapt to change; Efficient time management; Ability to work in a team environment; Ability to work without supervision; Aptitude to learn new software. Minimum of 3 weeks’ vacation Paid sick / personal days Paid overtime Shift premiums Career advancement opportunities and training A recognition program Positive Company Values & Culture Tuition reimbursement program Employee Activities Volunteering Program (paid day) Employee referral bonuses Relocation assistance Competitive benefits starting from day one (health and dental coverage) Access to a savings and retirement program including an employer contribution Free, unlimited, and confidential access to health care professionals for you and your family, through telemedicine app Employee Assistance Programs 
ScrapedJobID1346:
Competitive Base Salary and Vacation Yearly bonus structure Employer-Paid Extended Health & Dental Benefits Ongoing company social activities and celebrations Plan, organize and direct all activities necessary for the full implementation of the project objectives Read, interpret, and analyze drawings and specifications Capacity to support the tender process and qualify trades in collaboration with Prodigy’s estimating team Control of project costs, and respect of budgets Develop risk management and mitigation strategies Ensure compliance with Prodigy’s health and safety requirements (exceeds industry standards) Develop, monitor, and update project schedules Implement and maintain the quality assurance program With the support of Project Coordinator(s), manage and oversee contract administration including maintaining accurate and organised documentation Coordinate the project team and validate superintendent site management strategies Maintain positive working relationships with employees, subcontractors, customers, material suppliers and other stakeholders with an interest in the success of the project Minimum of 3-5 years experience as a construction project manager Ability to read and comprehend drawings and specifications Solid experience using MS Office Suite and related industry software Ability to consistently achieve objectives on schedule, budget, and defined quality standards Excellent stakeholder management and high-level experience with client relationships High degree of resourcefulness, flexibility, and adaptability Solid experience using MS Office Suite, and related industry software (i.e. MS Project, Bluebeam) Possess a strong work ethic and the ability to persevere when challenged Strong organizational and time managements skills Highly self-motivated and directed; ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment Effective communication skills with individuals at all levels of the organization 
ScrapedJobID1347:
Defining and delivering the strategy, plan and implementation of the overall Engineering Solution for the Product. Defining the System development life cycle and defining the process, practices and tools applicable to the product based on the BL / Domain reference system and tailored based on specific constraints Writing the SEMP, organize co-engineering and approving the lower level solution elements engineering plans including those flow down to subcontractors and partners in the frame of the engineering work-packages Directing and providing overall technical and engineering leadership to the team assigned to the product to deliver the Engineering solution to time, cost and quality; this will be done through the accurate measurement of progress on the project using the proper Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) Managing Risks and Opportunities for all product activities Ensuring that the Engineering Processes, practices and tools are applied correctly and appropriately on the product to company, legislative, regulatory and international standards, as defined in the associate product plans Leading the interfacing with the Engineering teams of the client and other external Engineering parties to ensure that the integration and migration of the overall Engineering solution within its infrastructure and associated product is achieved Ensuring that the Product’s Design and other Technical Certification is coordinated, complete and consistent with the delivered and can be provided to projects Management of change, variation, risk and opportunity, recovery and acceleration as it affects the delivery of the Engineering solution with the Product Line Manager Overseeing the development of cost and time estimates for product activities to meet business and project objectives Ensuring that any Corrective Actions and Observations related to the engineering delivery and solution are closed in a timely and complete manner Defining the Engineering skills needed for the product and working with the Engineering Functional Teams to ensure that the Product’s team are competent, developed to their full potential, mobilized and released in a timely and planned manner Ensuring that the Engineering Performance Plan, as defined at Company level, is properly deployed in the Product Monitoring competitiveness KPIs, and leading corrective actions when required Supporting capitalization activities for the product as well as lessons learned Contributing to the Quality Assurance activities by ensuring visibility on the engineering work packages for the product QAM Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent Minimum of 3 years experience managing safety critical software development Must have 3 to 5 years in Rail and Signaling or other related safety critical industry Needs 3 to 5 years of experience managing cross functional teams Should have 1 to 3 years experience managing schedules and budgets Over 5 years experience in Rail and Signaling PMP is an asset Knowledge of MS project, Primavera or other scheduling tools 
ScrapedJobID1348:
S’assure de la profitabilité des travaux de service et de la qualité du travail et améliore constamment les opérations de support au service. Développe ses employés et collabore dans l’établissement de cédules de formation, de coaching et d'autres mécanismes d’amélioration de la performance. Gère l'aspect de la santé et de la sécurité de son équipe et met en œuvre les mesures correctives et préventives applicables. Valide de façon proactive auprès de la clientèle interne et externe leur niveau de satisfaction vis-à-vis du travail effectué par ses techniciens. Gère l’atteinte des résultats financiers. Gère l’établissement des objectifs de performance (KPI) non corporatifs du service. Met en place des actions d’amélioration continue pour les processus du service. Diplôme d'études professionnelles dans un domaine mécanique ou diplôme d'études collégiales en génie, en gestion des opérations combiné à 5 ans d'expérience en gestion de personnel. Expérience et/ou connaissances en mécanique. Bilinguisme (parlé et écrit) / Anglais et français. Connaissance des logiciels MS Office Habilité à résoudre des problèmes. Autonome, disponibilité et flexibilité, leadership et esprit d'équipe. Habiletés à travailler sous pression. Bonnes connaissances en analyse budgétaire ainsi qu’en réingénierie des processus opérationnels. Ensures the service profitability and the work quality and improves service operations support. Develops employees and participates in the establishment of training schedules, coaching and other mechanisms to improve performance. Manages the health and safety aspect of the team and implements applicable corrective and preventative measures. Validates proactively the internal and external customer's satisfaction level based on the work performed by the technicians. Achieves financial results. Manages the establishment of the field's non-corporate key performance goals (KPI). Implements process' continuous improvement actions. Diploma of Vocational Studies in Mechanic or Diploma of Collegial Studies in Engineering, Operation Management combined with 5 years’ experience in personnel management. Experience and/or knowledge in mechanics. Bilingualism French-English (written and spoken). Knowledge of MS Office software. Ability to solve problems. Autonomous, availability and flexibility, leadership, teamwork and collaboration. Ability to work under pressure. Good knowledge of budget analysis as well as in operational process reengineering. Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Régime d'Achat d'Actions 8 Heures Du Lundi au Vendredi Quart de jour Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1349:
Experience building rich web applications using modern JavaScript frameworks. Capable of breaking down large projects into small pieces Committed to delivering high quality, well-tested code Familiar with a unit-testing framework such as Jest, Mocha, or Qunit Committed to building products that everyone can use Effective collaboration skills — able to communicate with managers, designers, back-end engineers, UI-engineer peers, quality-assurance testers, and your UX peers. Able to balance multiple goals — privacy, performance, maintainability, and more — to deliver a high-quality product in a short time-frame Enjoy learning new skills and technologies Full-stack development experience is helpful but not required 
ScrapedJobID1350:
Work with B2B Marketing Manager to develop an agile marketing strategy for all B2B segments Communicate with other members of the team and stakeholders on best execution of B2B marketing projects, campaigns, and events Conduct market research and understand the customer experience of B2B referral partners and the messaging that resonates with these groups – corporate, healthcare, military and veterans, first responders Focus on strategizing and developing B2B marketing emails, including topic and journey ideation to resonate with B2B audiences, coordinating content and design, quality assurance prior to scheduled send, and reviewing audience targeting Explore ways to continuously grow the B2B email distribution list Liaising with the Business Development team on ad hoc email marketing requirements, based on conferences, outreach, recent events, or current campaigns Assist with development of creative collateral as needed to accompany and strengthen email campaigns Coordinate email marketing with ongoing B2B Marketing activities, including campaigns, program launches, events, etc. Liaise with external advertisers, agencies, and freelance creatives Understand and be able to reliably use the interface between our marketing automation platform and our CRM Marketing analysis to determine success of email campaigns and areas for improvement Creation and maintenance of ad-hoc and automated reports to track B2B Marketing KPIs against established targets or objectives Collaborate with the B2B Marketing Team on regular activities, including but not limited to: o Educational webinars o Conferences and events o Ad campaigns o Press releases o Collateral creation o Social media o Website updates Provide ongoing webinar support and coordination, including sourcing and communicating with presenters, preparing invitation emails and answering inquiries, applying for relevant continuing education and/or professional development credits, facilitating the day of the webinar, conducting post-webinar tasks and follow-ups with attendees, and growing the invite list Experience: At least 2 years in a similar role, supporting, coordinating, and executing on B2B marketing strategies – particular experience in email marketing is strongly preferred Education: Bachelors Degree in Business, Marketing, or equivalent Language: English (bilingual with French an asset) Strong communication skills Highly organized Attention to detail Ability to take initiative and work autonomously without direct supervision Ability to multi-task and work well within a team environment Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc.) Solid writing ability is favoured – please submit writing samples Salesforce CRM: At least 1 year of work experience where use of the CRM was integral to the job – familiarity with Salesforce is an asset Work experience with HubSpot, and/or design tools and software (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, etc.) is a plus Work experience in a healthcare field is a plus Cover Letter Resume Writing samples Dental care Employee assistance program Extended health care On-site parking Vision care Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) B2B marketing strategies: 2 years (preferred) HubSpot and /or design tools: 1 year (preferred) French (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1351:
Monday to Friday quality assurance: 5 years (preferred) Google Cloud Platform: 3 years (preferred) Test automation: 5 years (preferred) Python: 4 years (preferred) Selenium: 5 years (preferred) Java: 4 years (preferred) Cucumber: 2 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1352:
Collaborate with R&D, Engineering and Product Management teams to deliver quality and timely solutions Build, evolve and qualify, quality features, products, services & solutions as a core member of our agile team Contribute to the improvement of software development processes, test methodologies, and frameworks Develop tools and frameworks to automate tasks and procedures that accelerate delivery and minimize errors Design, implement and execute manual and automated test scenarios Bachelor or master’s degree in computer science, Software Engineering or similar Linux platform fluency Solid work experience in software quality assurance and software testing, software engineering Minimum of 5 years of experience in software test automation / software engineering Knowledge and experience with Python and Java and/or Groovy Experience with source control management and software versioning systems Experience with API, backend, and system test automation Basic networking protocols understanding and troubleshooting skills Good understanding of Agile development practices Ease of understanding architectural concepts & abstract principles Excellent analytical & critical skills 
ScrapedJobID1353:
Performance Monitoring & Analyzing Network Daily Dashboard. Preparing regular KPIs for Worst performing Cells, able to troubleshoot RF problems through network KPIs Preparing daily RNC/Market reports that reflects HW/SW performance for VoLTE/LTE & 3G. RF cluster Audit for redesign purposes and quality improvement. LTE and VoLTE Cluster Tuning and pre & Post launch optimization recommendations. Work on VIP & Sales Escalation to provide resolution by involving other departments where required. Using Probing system application (ISA/Geolocation) & Trace viewer tools to facilitate complaints investigation. Provide SSV & Cluster reports for further Market Tuning recommendation. Preparing regular voice & Data quality Benchmarking campaigns reports highlighting the weaknesses and strengths of each carrier involved Recommendation techniques (proper antenna selection for optimal horizontal/vertical performance, mechanical/electrical tilting, appropriate transmit power setting, antenna clearance, neighbor list analysis, etc.) for optimal site/cluster performance Generate related reports in Excel, Access, SQL as require. Analyze the collected data and troubleshooting the problems in the network, IRAT, CSFB, IFHO & SRVCC tuning strategies. Performing all kinds of network assurance after any modification implemented in network from field through drive test & post processing and from OSS using network KPIs before & after action Recommend features that will improve network performance/capacity with field trial reports. Assist Freedom team in building user defined LTE KPIs and reports on Performance Management Tool. LTE Traffic and Capacity long and short term dimensioning for Probing & Network Quality Tools. Propose effective solutions for short term capacity problems for both LTE & 3G. 7+ years of experience in Network performance monitoring and Optimization tuning (3G+LTE). Bachelors in Telecommunication/Wireless Engineering from a reputable university. Solid experience in GSM/UMTS/HSPA+/LTE and good knowledge of 5G Network Performance & RF Optimization. Experience with Nokia WCDMA and LTE features and software. Excellent using regular RF tools such as drive test tools, post processing, Benchmarking tools, such as ActixOne, Xceed, TEMS, Nemo, SwissQual & MapInfo. Familiar with voice quality standards and its evolution such as PESQ, MOS, POLQA. Excellent knowledge in vendor’s equipment and tools (Nokia) Project management of internal and external resources Excellent knowledge of MS Windows, MS Office and SQL DB. Experience with Network Probing Tools (Tektronix/Netscount,Astellia,Viavi(ariesoGEO), Traffica/Nokia). Flexibility & Adaptability: Ready to work under stress, and to be on call for urgent issues related to network Quality 
ScrapedJobID1354:
Objectives of this Role Maintain constant communication with management, staff, and customers to ensure proper operations of the organization Develop, implement, and maintain quality assurance protocols Grow the efficiency of existing organizational processes and procedures to enhance and sustain the organization’s internal capacity Actively pursue strategic and operational objectives Ensure operational activities remain on time and within a defined budget Track staffing requirements, hiring new employees as needed Oversee Customer accounts and growing them Lead, motivate, and support your team within a time-sensitive and demanding environment, including setup and implementation of career development plans for all direct reports and problem resolution Follow up on customer complaints and employee concerns Knowledge of Workers Compensation laws Manage timely recruitment needs of our customers, and deliver excellent customer service Communicate effectively with our customers and build upon our customer base Work closely with your managers and provide support when needed Ensure the timely response to the customer inquires and prompt completion of customer recruitment requests Post secondary education 5 + years experience in a staffing firm environment Strong budget development and oversight skills Excellent ability to delegate responsibilities while maintaining organizational control of branch operations and customer service Highly trained in conflict management and business negotiation processes Knowledge of general business software and aptitude to learn new applications; proficiency in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook) 
ScrapedJobID1355:
This is a full-time opportunity and ideal for someone looking for a long-term job. You will be sitting down for half of your shift and the lifting requirement are up to 20-30 lbs. There are different shifts available for morning, afternoon, and night shifts. Full-time Production associate job Three different shifts to chose from for managing your other priorities of life Lot of room for growth and learning Transit accessible Opportunity for permanency Manual assembly of Electronic components including complex and high-density projects according to assembly books, custom specs and quality standards Ensure full compliance with all applicable quality assurance standards and internal SOPs Component preparation, placement, or installation Perform hand soldering and rework of all thru-hole, SMT, mixed and mechanical assemblies and custom parts as per Engineering specifications and IPC workmanship standards Final assembly and/or pack and ship as required Participate in training and certification programs to ensure job knowledge and skills set requirements are met and updated regularly Participate in all team level quality improvement initiatives, including Root Cause analysis as required Operate various types of equipment aiding in the assembly process Set-up, operate, calibrate and maintain test station as per procedure Complete test logs and provide feedback related to testing yields Test the functionality of products using various testing tools, document and provide feedback to team members to prevent future discrepancies Utilize test equipment such as multimeters, among others including PC based programming Color identification is a requirement of this role A team player with good communication skills (ability to work with customers), and a positive attitude. Previous experience working in the following is an asset (but not limited to): SMT/TH or Mix Tech assembly (hand soldering, inspection, rework, mechanical assembly skills) Worked in Electronics or Manufacturing companies Soldering TH and SMT components Comprehension of assembly documentation Rework mechanical/electrical assemblies (replacing components) Lift up to 20 lbs. Set-up, maintenance, and calibration of test stations. Computer literacy (Excel, Word, Test Software). 
ScrapedJobID1356:
Attractive Salary structure Vision & Dental Life Insurance Critical Illness Extended Health Benefits RRSP Match Great work culture & amazing people Free Parking Casual Dress Flexible work hours Full-time permanent position. Encouraging and Positive work environment. Fun company gatherings, luncheons, and other perks! Develop an aesthetically appealing front-end applications that are eye catching, user friendly and make data-based decision making fun and easy. Building a functional frontend & a scalable backend Debugging production issues and implementing fixes. Write efficient and concise SQL queries to use within our app, for reporting data metrics. Managing the integrity of the data within our databases. Designing and building systems for maximum performance, reliability, and scalability. Work closely with device hardware team, quality assurance, product, and data teams to create a customer experience that furthers our high standards. 3-5+ years of full-stack experience in writing and maintaining customer-facing cloud applications and backend APIs in a production level environment. 2+ years of experience in implementation of external integrations using REST/GraphQL APIs. Expertise in AWS IoT, AWS Timestream (possibly also PostgreSQL), AWS Lambda (Python and Node). Knowledge of SQL and relational & non-relational databases. Experience with AWS or other cloud service. Skilled in queuing services, in-memory data stores, websocket management, monitoring & alerts, and continuous integration techniques A strong self-starter, operationally focused; a problem-solver. Excellent interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills. Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday What is your salary expectation? Do you live in BC? Can you work in a hybrid work arrangement onsite and offsite as required? 
ScrapedJobID1357:
Examiner les dessins de conception dans le but de développer des programmes d'usinage CNC pour les centres d'usinage à 4 et 5 axes. Cela comprend la programmation de familles de pièces pour l'efficacité et la continuité afin d'éliminer les changements majeurs de réglage de la machine et de réduire les temps de cycle pour améliorer l'efficacité de l'usinage. Programmer l'équipement CNC en sélectionnant les outils de coupe, les montages et les réglages appropriés et en élaborant des fiches d'opération pour chaque pièce usinée particulière. Assister les opérateurs de machines dans l'édition des programmes, le dépannage des problèmes d'usinage et l'inspection de la première pièce. Interagir avec les ingénieurs concepteurs pour clarifier les dessins, au besoin. Review design drawings with the aim of developing CNC machining programs for 4- and 5-axis machining centers. This includes programming part families for efficiency and continuity to eliminate major changes in machine setting and reduce cycle times to improve machining efficiency. Program CNC equipment by selecting the appropriate cutting tools, mounts and settings and developing operation sheets for each particular machined part. Assist machine operators in editing programs, troubleshooting machining problems and inspecting the first part. Interact with design engineers to clarify drawings, as required. Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise Programme d'Aide aux Employés REER Collectif Stationnement sur place Du Lundi au Vendredi Êtes-vous à l'aise avec l'horaire de soir? Combien d'années d'expérience avez-vous en tant qu'opérateur CNC? Demeurez-vous à proximité du lieu de travail proposé 
ScrapedJobID1358:
Post-secondary degree/diploma in a related field Minimum 2-3 years of progressive office experience Logical critical thinking skills Excellent organizational and time management skills with the ability to deliver outcomes within established deadlines Experience with reporting tools such as Crystal and SQL (query skills, table structure and relational databases) Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite, specifically Excel for document creation and data entry/manipulation Fluent in written and spoken English Resilience – you know how to juggle deadlines and competing demands. When you’re under pressure, you rise to the occasion. A team mindset – you look for ways to pitch in and work well with a variety of personalities. You reach out to peers and cooperate with supervisors to establish an overall positive and collaborative working relationship A positive attitude – our team is a positive, supportive group. When work is challenging, you’ll face it with optimism. Strong organization skills – since this is a busy position with multiple responsibilities, timelines and varying demands, you know how to track everything so that nothing is mishandled. People person – you build strong working relationships with different personalities quickly. People enjoy being around you. Curiosity & Innovation – you generate new and innovative approaches to problems. You ask questions and respectfully challenge current processes. Ability to Deliver the WOW! Factor – you expect personal performance to be nothing short of the best. You exhibit passion and excitement over your work and have a positive can-do attitude. You take ownership of the role and go above and beyond whatever it takes to get the job done! 
ScrapedJobID1359:
Tu maîtrises parfaitement l'Allemand à l'écrit, à l'oral et à la lecture Tu connais la culture allemande Tu as une bonne maîtrise de l'anglais à l'écrit, à l'oral et à la lecture Une expérience en localisation / traduction est un atout Tu as une bonne aptitude à communiquer avec tes coéquipiers Tu sais aussi bien travailler en autonomie qu’en équipe Tu connais (si tu sais utiliser c’est encore mieux !) des outils informatiques tel que Excel, Google Sheets, Google Drive et JIRA Horaires flexibles Travail à domicile Opportunités de carrière Des collègues venant des quatre coins du monde avec un esprit de cohésion Un office en face de la station de métro Rosemont Café et thé gratuits au bureau Un baby-foot (au bureau aussi) Soirée jeux vidéo avec les testeurs et le staff Des beignés le vendredi (toujours au bureau) Overtime pay Casual dress Company events Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday On call Please, do not apply for this job if you are not native from Germany. Any applicants that are not will be automatically refused. German (required) 
ScrapedJobID1360:
Drive business strategy and direction across both IT and cross-functional teams. Lead the business and technological direction of the group. Manage the teams in planning and prioritization of projects. Application architecture planning, including system partitioning and framework design. Interface with other areas of the business and implement and drive technical decisions that are beneficial across all functions. Team development of high-level business system narratives, storyboards, and user interface prototypes. Ensure team development of system test plans, ensure software quality assurance (SQA) standards are achieved, and validate that business goals are accomplished. Guide the development of detailed estimates for projects, including resource allocation, timelines, and budget. Identify issues that require more attention, and work to resolve issues based on an understanding of the business problem being solved. Collaborate cross-functionally to identify opportunities, set overall direction, and clarify requirements and business needs. Direct and focus the efforts of project teams. Monitor progress of the team and provide mentoring where appropriate. Participate in annual budgeting process. Make technical decisions to meet the design goals articulated in product road map. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field (or equivalent work experience). Minimum of 10 years’ experience in multiple IT disciplines (such as technical architecture, application development, middleware, information analysis, database management, business analysis). Experience in establishing IT standards based on industry best practices and implementing them across the enterprise Experience using software design support tools and productivity suites such as Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Office, and Microsoft Project Ability to engage in conversation with Sr. level leaders in the organization (i.e. VP level business partners, IT Sr. Leadership team and CIO) Comprehensive knowledge of hardware, software, application, and systems engineering Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to effectively interact with all stakeholders including senior leadership History of balancing multiple priorities simultaneously with the ability to adapt to the changing needs of the business while meeting deadlines. Demonstrated creative problem-solving skills Excellent business and technical acumen 
ScrapedJobID1361:

ScrapedJobID1362:
Tu maîtrises parfaitement l’Espagnol (d’Espagne) à l'écrit, à l'oral et à la lecture Tu connais la culture espagnole (d’Espagne) Tu as une bonne maîtrise de l'anglais à l'écrit, à l'oral et à la lecture Une expérience en localisation / traduction est un atout Tu as une bonne aptitude à communiquer avec tes coéquipiers Tu sais aussi bien travailler en autonomie qu’en équipe Tu connais (si tu sais utiliser c’est encore mieux !) des outils informatiques tel que Excel, Google Sheets, Google Drive et JIRA Travail à domicile Opportunités de carrière Des collègues venant des quatre coins du monde avec un esprit de cohésion Un office en face de la station de métro Rosemont Café et thé gratuits au bureau Un baby-foot (au bureau aussi) Soirée jeux vidéo avec les testeurs et le staff Des beignés le vendredi (toujours au bureau) You are fluent in written, spoken, and reading Spanish (from Europe) You are familiar with Spanish culture (from Europe) You have a good command of written, spoken, and reading English Experience in localization/translation is an asset You have good communication skills with your teammates You are able to work both independently and as part of a team You know (if you know how to use it even better!) computer tools such as Excel, Google Sheets, Google Drive, and JIRA Work from home Career opportunities Colleagues from all over the world with a cohesive spirit An office across the street from the Rosemont metro station Free coffee and tea in the office Foosball (also in the office) Gaming night with testers and the management Donuts on Fridays (also in the office) Overtime pay Casual dress Company events 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday No weekends On call Please proceed with your application if you are a Native speaker of Spain Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1363:
Comptabiliser les factures dans le système People Soft Répartir les coûts entre les divisions (répartir les montants de certaines factures qui sont attribuables aux autres divisions et s'assurer de recharger le montant correspondant) S’assurer de la résolution des problèmes relatifs aux factures incomplètes Concilier les écarts entre les biens et services commandés, la réception et la facturation (match exception) Concilier les états de comptes des fournisseurs Concilier les comptes inter-compagnie et les auxiliaires. Faire le suivi de la résolution des litiges avec le comptable concerné Valider le rapport de frais courus Balancer la fin du mois Donner un service de qualité à nos clients internes, en répondant à leurs questions et en effectuant diverses analyses Répondre aux questions des fournisseurs en provenance du centre d’appels par le biais de recherches dans le système Autres tâches connexes Diplôme d’étude collégiale ou expérience pertinente Minimum 2 ans d’expérience Connaissance du cycle d'approvisionnement et des exigences provinciales et fédérales en matière de fiscalité un sérieux atout Bonne capacité d'analyse Connaissance des logiciels Office (Outlook, Excel, Word) Bilinguisme français/anglais La possibilité de profiter d’un milieu de travail dynamique et hautement stimulant où vous pourrez faire votre marque et mener une carrière impressionnante. Des occasions de perfectionnement où votre avis compte. Une rémunération concurrentielle, un régime de retraite et des avantages souples que vous pouvez personnaliser selon vos besoins et ceux de votre famille. Des avantages pour les employés, comme des réductions auprès de fournisseurs de divers produits et services, y compris des assurances, des forfaits de données, des voyages et plus Post invoices in the People Soft system Allocate costs between divisions (allocate the amounts of certain invoices that are attributable to other divisions and ensure that the corresponding amount is charged back) Ensure resolution of issues related to incomplete invoices Reconcile discrepancies between goods and services ordered, receipt and invoicing (match exception) Reconcile vendor statements Reconcile inter-company and auxiliary accounts. Follow up on the resolution of disputes with the relevant accountant Validate the accrual report Balance the end of the month Provide quality service to our internal clients by answering their questions and performing various analyses Respond to supplier questions from the call center through system searches Other related tasks College diploma or relevant experience Minimum 2 years of experience Knowledge of the procurement cycle and provincial / federal tax requirements a strong asset Good analytical skills Knowledge of Office software (Outlook, Excel, Word) Bilingualism French/English Opportunity to be part of a dynamic and highly motivating work environment where you can develop your potential and launch an exciting career. Development opportunities where your input makes a difference. A competitive compensation package, pension and flexible benefits that are customizable to you and your family needs. Employee perks such as discounts from suppliers on various products and services such as insurance, wireless bundles, travel, and much more. Du Lundi au Vendredi Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1364:
Comprendre les enjeux et les exigences contractuelles des projets; contribuer à l’élaboration et à la révision des plans d’exécution BIM; s’assurer que les changements de procédures et de normes sont intégrés efficacement aux projets; Assumer la responsabilité de tâches ou de projets définis sous une supervision limitée; gérer les données BIM du projet; réviser régulièrement les modèles afin d’assurer la conformité avec les normes et les exigences du projet; Développer des modèles et des livrables de haute qualité, de manière organisée et méthodique; Travailler en collaboration avec l’équipe de conception en génie des structures, notamment en fournissant des recommandations techniques lors des phases de conception et de construction; Mettre en œuvre les procédures en matière de changements organisationnels, de conformité aux normes/codes et de vérification des interférences; informer l’équipe de conception de tout problème de coordination pertinent et appuyer celle-ci dans la mise en œuvre de solutions à ce chapitre; Communiquer, tant sur le plan technique que non-technique, avec des personnes de tous les niveaux; fournir du soutien technique et de l’encadrement à l’équipe de projet, au besoin; développer du matériel destiné aux séances de formation et d’orientation; Participer activement au processus de revue des livrables de projet, notamment en révisant les livrables et en préparant les rapports pertinents, l’objectif étant de favoriser une revue efficace et de s’assurer que la conception globale est adéquate et conforme aux exigences de livraison de chacune des disciplines; Soutenir la mise en œuvre de méthodologies harmonisées dans le cadre des processus de conception et de livraison des projets par BIM; mettre en œuvre et soutenir l’amélioration continue de nos différents outils, logiciels et méthodes d’automatisation, tant au sein de l’équipe BIM locale que régionale. Baccalauréat ou diplôme technique en génie, en architecture, en informatique ou l’équivalent; Au moins cinq (5) ans d’expérience dans le secteur de la conception/construction de bâtiments; Maîtrise des plateformes BIM : Revit, Tekla ou tout autre outil équivalent; Maîtrise des plateformes de DAO/CAO : AutoCAD, Microstation ou tout autre outil équivalent; Maîtrise des plateformes de modélisation : Rhino, Solidworks ou tout autre outil équivalent; Familiarité avec la programmation visuelle (Python, Grasshopper, Dynamo); Maîtrise du français et de l’anglais, tant à l’oral qu’à l’écrit. Intérêt marqué pour l’environnement bâti et la concrétisation de concepts; Volonté de travailler au sein d’une équipe décentralisée misant particulièrement sur les projets à l’échelle locale; Capacité à établir et à gérer efficacement les priorités; solides compétences organisationnelles requises pour notre environnement en constante évolution; Aisance à faire des présentations; excellentes aptitudes interpersonnelles et forte capacité à communiquer, essentielles pour le travail d’équipe; Enthousiasme, volonté de contribuer à l’essor d’une équipe hautement motivée. Programme de partage des bénéfices; Assurance-maladie personnelle, couvrant tous les membres de votre famille; Contribution équivalente de l’employeur au régime enregistré d’épargne-retraite collectif (RÉER); Vacances et congés payés; Horaire de travail flexible. Understanding project guidelines and contractual requirements, helping to develop/review project BIM execution plans. Ensure any changes in procedure and standards are optimally incorporated on projects. Takes a lead role on defined tasks or projects with limited supervision. Managing the BIM project data sets, regularly reviewing models to ensure compliance with project standards and requirements. Organized and methodical in developing high-quality models and project outputs. Collaborate with the structural engineering design team, providing technical recommendations within both the design and construction phases. Setting up and running organizational change, code compliance and interference checking procedures. Proactively communicating design coordination issues to the design team and helping to implement their resolution. Ability to communicate with people at all levels in both technical and non-technical environments. Providing proactive technical support and mentoring as required to the project team. Developing support material for use in training and onboarding sessions. Active involvement in the project delivery review process, reviewing work and generating reports to help review project discipline deliverables to ensure the overall design fits together and satisfies each discipline’s delivery stage requirements. Champion standard methodologies in BIM project design and delivery processes. At the project and regional BIM team level, actively practice and support ongoing improvements to our automation tools, software and standard methodology workflows. Bachelor’s or Associate degree in Engineering, Architectural Technology, Computer Science or equivalent. 5+ years of experience working in the building design/construction industry Proficiency in a recognized BIM authoring platform – Revit Structures, Tekla or similar production tools. Proficiency in a recognized CAD authoring platform – AutoCAD, Microstation or similar. Proficiency in a recognized Modelling authoring platform – Rhino, Solidworks or similar. Familiarity with programming or visual scripting such as Python, Grasshopper, Dynamo. Bilingual (written and spoken) French & English Interest and passion for all aspects of the built environment and how ideas become reality. Willingness to work as part of a distributed team with a focus at the local level. The ability to organize and prioritize effectively, balance assigned work for our constantly evolving environment Presentation skills, strong interpersonal and communication skills. Enthusiastic, willing to contribute to a highly motivated team. Profit Share Personal Health Insurance, covering all members of your family Generous GRRSP match Paid Time Off (PTO) Flexible Working Policy 
ScrapedJobID1365:
Sort & match supplier invoices with purchase orders and packing slips and enter in A/P. Contact suppliers to resolve any invoicing or payment issues. Reconciling credit card statements and expense reports. Prepare and process accounts payable checks and reconciliation of payments. Monitor accounts to ensure payments are up to date. Vendor file maintenance. Review vendor statements and seeks resolution on any outstanding items. Establish and maintain good relations with suppliers. Effectively initiates and verifies outgoing domestic and international wire transfer. Accurate data entry of all invoices in A/R, review and validate daily billed amounts. Processing and posting of cash receipts daily. Responding to invoice-related enquiries and analyzing accounts and reconciling. Preparing reports on excel spreadsheets. Filling of all A/R invoices and documents in a timely and organized manner. Working with all aspects of the general ledger. Assisting with bank reconciliations and journal entries. Researching accounting issues for compliance with generally accepted accounting principles. Analyzing and reporting variances. Regular (monthly) review of account reconciliations and journal entries. Perform a full range of activities in the payroll module. Validate timesheets. Make adjustments for insurance and vacations. Ensure DAS remittances are entered, paid, reconciled, & filed in a timely manner. Accounting:  Intermediate to advanced knowledge of financial and accounting principles and practices, accounts payable, accounts receivable, payroll administration, banking, and record keeping. Sound knowledge of GAP. MS Office Suite: High level of proficiency in MS Office Suite, including Outlook, Excel, and Word. Accounting and ERP software:  Comfortable with ERP or accounting and payroll software (experience with Ceridian and Syspro an asset). Education:  minimum high school diploma, professional accounting certificate preferred. Work Experience:  1 to 3 years of work experience as an accounting technician role in a similar field. Trier et faire correspondre les factures des fournisseurs avec les bons de commande et les bordereaux d'expédition et les saisir dans le système de comptabilité fournisseurs. Contacter les fournisseurs pour résoudre tout problème de facturation ou de paiement. Rapprocher les relevés de cartes de crédit et les notes de frais. Surveiller les comptes pour s'assurer que les paiements sont à jour. Examiner les relevés des fournisseurs et chercher à résoudre tout élément en suspens. Établir et maintenir de bonnes relations avec les fournisseurs. Initier et vérifier efficacement les virements électroniques nationaux et internationaux sortants. Saisie précise de toutes les factures dans le registre des comptes clients, examen et validation des montants facturés quotidiennement. Traitement et comptabilisation des encaissements quotidiens. Répondre aux demandes de renseignements sur les factures, analyser les comptes et les réconcilier. Préparer des rapports sur des feuilles de calcul Excel. Remplir toutes les factures et documents A/R de manière opportune et organisée. Travailler avec tous les aspects du grand livre général. Aider aux rapprochements bancaires et aux écritures de journal. Effectuer des recherches sur les questions comptables afin de s'assurer de leur conformité aux principes comptables généralement reconnus. Analyser et signaler les écarts. Effectuer une gamme complète d'activités dans le module de paie. Valider les feuilles de temps. Effectuer les ajustements pour les assurances et les vacances. S'assurer que les remises DAS sont saisies, payées, rapprochées et classées en temps voulu. Comptabilité :  connaissance intermédiaire à avancée des principes et pratiques financiers et comptables, des comptes créditeurs, des comptes débiteurs, de l'administration des salaires, des opérations bancaires et de la tenue des dossiers. Bonne connaissance du GAP. Bilingue : Doit être bilingue et posséder de solides compétences en communication écrite et orale en anglais et en français. Communication : Capacité à parler aux autres et à transmettre des informations de manière efficace et claire, de façon courtoise et professionnelle. Suite MS Office : Maîtrise de haut niveau de la suite MS Office, notamment Outlook, Excel et Word. Logiciels comptables et ERP :  À l'aise avec les logiciels ERP ou de comptabilité et de gestion de la paie (expérience avec Ceridian et Syspro un atout). Éducation :  Diplôme d'études secondaires minimum, certificat professionnel en comptabilité de préférence. Expérience professionnelle : 1 à 3 ans d'expérience professionnelle dans un rôle de technicien comptable dans un domaine similaire. Bonus pay Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Monday to Friday bookkeeping: 1 year (required) Accounts payable: 1 year (preferred) Accounts receivable: 1 year (preferred) Payroll: 1 year (preferred) French (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1366:

ScrapedJobID1367:
Leading the maintenance of the Agency’s various computer applications and systems by: Collaborating with the Manager and IS personnel to determine the solution architecture for new projects. Identifying, correcting and/or determining solutions to software quality issues. Identifying and evaluating software solutions. Coaching and mentoring IS team on best practices and development techniques. Developing, maintaining, and providing training on best practice coding standards. Performing code review meetings with Development team. Developing programmer documentation to support the application and provide relevant training. Leading and participating in technical design meetings related to SAMA's development/maintenance tasks. Creating deployment processes and documentation. Developing plans, schedules, and estimates for design and coding of complex applications. Communicating programming efforts, status, and timelines. Working with the development and support teams to design, develop, implement and maintain external applications for the Saskatchewan Property Assessment Network (SPAN) i.e. Sales Interface, SAMAView, etc. Developing and maintaining custom interfaces (forms) for the Agency's CAMA system. Developing processes and jobs to automate tasks. Providing reports and ad hoc data extracts. Working with end users to determine application and/or report requirements. Provide end user support by leading or assisting others in the investigation, troubleshooting and resolution of reported issues. University degree or post-secondary diploma in an IT field 10+ years programming and/or application development experience Demonstrated leadership experience in the IT field Proficient in use of software programs (e.g., Azure DevOps, .Net, SQL Server) in a Microsoft Windows environment Solid knowledge of various programming languages (e.g., SQL, VB.Net, C#, Java, Python, etc.) Industry recognized certification (e.g., Microsoft Certified Solutions Developer MCSD) would be considered an asset Strong problem-solving skills Good prioritization skills Excellent written and oral communication skills Ability to work independently or with limited supervision. 
ScrapedJobID1368:
Experienced buyer members who are not making their first purchase; Co-borrowing members; Members outside Quebec; Multiplex buyers. Define the supervision, implementation and development of the various quality strategies of our teams. Wrote the testing strategy for the digital mortgage pre-approval project and coordinate its execution using a team of testers. Work in collaboration with the architecture and delivery professions to ensure that the various quality requirements (functional and non-functional) are taken care of from the outset. Intervene with management as a consultant to set up and interpret the various indicators on the quality of solutions. Represent the sector in terms of quality practice with other bodies of the Movement or outside the Movement. Document the technical and practical solutions to ensure the sustainability of the products. 
ScrapedJobID1369:
Start: January Estimated length: 12+ months Location: Fredericton NB 
ScrapedJobID1370:
Performs analysis and design duties as well as programming, modelling and scripting, testing, documentation and deployment preparation. Coordinates and prepares needs analysis and detailed component design. Conducts user interviews to determine detailed systems requirements. Completes preliminary analysis, system and functional design, workflow diagrams for quality systems development. Prepares front-end prototypes and mockups of user interface. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains shared JavaScript libraries and components. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains HTML5 and hybrid mobile apps. Designs and develops systems that comply with access and privacy legislation. Coordinates and develops program specifications and documentation. Designs and conducts all levels of testing i.e. unit, system, integration, regression, performance, security, usability, optimization/configuration and coordinates user acceptance testing. Liaises and coordinates with internal and external consultants in detailed systems deliverables and technical problem resolution. Implements enterprise in-house developed/custom/packaged systems, component releases, and systems changes. Tests integrated systems to ensure system compatibility and proper functional integration. Provides application maintenance and enhancement including implementation of vendor systems fixes and patches. Conducts quality assurance on departmental and external developments. Develops systems interfaces between enterprise and divisional systems. Performs information and application data conversions. Provides development support to users by providing technical assistance and troubleshooting. Provides documentation and instruction/training to users of the system. Designs and develops application security interfaces to enable clients in controlling and administering access to their systems. Provides expertise, advice and technical skills for information and application service delivery. Conducts research and evaluation of hardware/software/framework and makes recommendations. Recommends, presents and demonstrates system solutions to City management and corporate business clients. Conducts presentations, system demonstrations and system walk-throughs at project review meetings. Participates as a team member in the execution of project plans providing technical expertise and advice re: architecture, development tools, work effort estimates. Contributes to project charters, statements of work and project plans, project status reports and variance explanations, risk identification and mitigation planning. Conducts research, investigates and recommends best practices for information and application services. Contributes to post-implementation project reviews. Recommends improvements to current methodologies, processes, standards, policies and guidelines. Contributes in planning of future system growth and provides detailed work plans. Participates in enterprise projects. Conducts feasibility studies. Contribute to business cases, RFI/P/Q's, technical reports by researching and participating in evaluations and recommending solutions. Determines user training needs. Extensive experience in business system analysis, rapid application development and programming in a large, diverse computing environment. Extensive experience in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, and Bootstrap Extensive experience in using REST APIs, including JSON and XML APIs Experience creating program specifications and code documents including use cases, business process models, swimlane process, entity relationship diagrams, class and component models Experience developing and/or maintaining large scale information technology applications Experience in working effectively with a group of multidisciplinary staff in a project team setting. Post-secondary education in computer science or a related discipline, or the approved equivalent combination of education and/or experience. Ability to effectively communicate orally and in writing. Strong inter-personal skills with the ability to work effectively as a member of a team, collaboratively with others in multidisciplinary team environment and work independently, as required. Ability to be self-motivated and work with minimal supervision. Ability to negotiate effective resolution of conflicting business priorities with corporate business Strong analytical, problem solving, listening and interacting skills. Demonstrated business acumen to establish and maintain effective consulting relationships with corporate clients and vendors, using a strong customer service orientation. Ability to work with competing demands, prioritize and meet deadlines. Knowledge of hybrid mobile apps development and Cordova is an asset. Knowledge of current and emerging technologies relating to data warehousing, e-service, quality assurance tools, data retention and document management/imaging. Experience in the following is an asset: Java, iOS mobile app development, Android mobile app development, OData, SAP Fiori, SAP UI5, SharePoint 2013, Oracle PL/SQL, Software AG WebMethods, web communication, Scrum rapid application development methodology. Ability to be on call for support of production systems. Willing to work flexible hours including days, afternoons, nights and weekends, as required. 
ScrapedJobID1371:
All candidates should be able to pass a background check as well as drug screening. Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home Can you work for any employer in Canada without sponsorship? Do you reside in Canada? Bachelor's Degree (required) Software development: 5 years (required) Databases: 2 years (required) JavaScript: 1 year (preferred) C#: 4 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1372:
Expérience avérée dans la conception, le développement, la mise en œuvre et la maintenance des processus de transformation des données et de l'interface utilisateur en Java, Angular et Spark sur Microsoft Azure Connaissance approfondie / expérience de l'analyse d'applications événementielles volumineuses et multithread Vaste expérience du contrôle de version et de la livraison continue Connaissance approfondie/expérience de la technologie Big Data et du cloud public Microsoft Azure Compétences techniques: Plus de 8 ans d'expérience dans le développement d'applications multithread basées sur Java Expérience de l'utilisation de Java 8, Spring Boot, Spark, Spring Framework et Microservices 2+ ans d'expérience de travail avec Spark, Hadoop 2+ ans d'expérience de travail avec Microsoft Azure HDInsight, AKS Expérience pratique en SQL et No-SQL (de préférence Oracle, Postgres) Expérience avec divers outils de développement Web Java, Angular 7, XML, JSON et HTML5. Vaste expérience dans la création d'un pipeline de livraison continue avec GIT, Maven, Jenkins, Nexus, Sonar, Checkmarx et XL-Deploy Vaste expérience dans l'écriture de scripts Unix/Linux Shell * Bonne connaissance de Perl et Python * Bonne connaissance et expérience avec le serveur Tomcat Bonne connaissance et expérience de la transmission de fichiers et du réseau (DNS, TCP/IP) Solides compétences en dépannage * Expérience et capacité à travailler avec un environnement Agile et à faire avancer les projets au sein d'une équipe Doit être organisé, soucieux du détail, motivé, discipliné, professionnel et avoir l'esprit d'équipe pour plusieurs tâches à la fois, dans un environnement au rythme rapide répondant à de multiples demandes Autogestion dans un environnement de développement rapide. Connaissance approfondie du cycle de vie du développement logiciel et des pratiques acceptées. Aptitudes à la réflexion stratégique et analytique avec une capacité à résoudre des problèmes et à prendre des décisions. Compréhension du secteur des services financiers et des produits associés Expérience dans les frameworks open source Expérience de travail sur des applications de données en streaming (par exemple, Kafka, Flink ou Spark Steaming) Utilise une expertise dans les techniques et les outils appropriés pour concevoir, développer et maintenir des logiciels d'application efficaces, sous la responsabilité du responsable technique. Participe à l'élaboration et à la mise en œuvre de normes liées aux activités de développement d'applications, de sécurité et de soutien du système. Effectue des examens formels et informels des processus et des produits de développement de logiciels pour s'assurer de la qualité et du respect des normes. Établit et maintient des procédures de contrôle pour le contrôle de version. Surveille et suit les problèmes et problèmes liés à la qualité jusqu'à leur résolution. État d'esprit de résolution de problèmes. Créativité (sortir des sentiers battus). Intégrité. Intérêt pour la fintech. Principales technologies: Java, Angular, Cloud Azure, technologies de base de données. Venez de n'importe quel secteur pour apporter différentes idées pour résoudre des problèmes commerciaux. Capacité à collaborer et à travailler en équipe cohésive pour créer quelque chose d'extraordinaire! Forfait compétitif pour les employés et les pigistes Aide au développement professionnel (certification) Mobilité internationale dans plus de 25 pays Des tonnes d'activités d'entreprise Proven experience in designing, developing, implementing, and maintaining data transformation processes and UI in Java, Angular and Spark on Microsoft Azure Extensive knowledge of /experience with analyzing large and multithread event driven applications Extensive experience with version control and continuous delivery Extensive knowledge of /experience with Big Data technology and public cloud Microsoft Azure 8+ years of experience in developing Java-based multithreaded applications Experience using Java 8, Spring Boot, Spark, Spring framework, and Microservices 2+ years of experience working with Spark, Hadoop 2+ years of experience working with Microsoft Azure HDInsight, AKS Hands-on experience in SQL and No-SQL (preferably Oracle, Postgres) Experienced with various Java Web development tools, Angular 7, XML, JSON and HTML5. Extensive experience in building a Continuous Delivery pipeline with GIT, Maven, Jenkins, Nexus, Sonar, Checkmarx, and XL-Deploy Extensive experience in writing Unix/Linux Shell scripts Good knowledge with Perl and Python Good knowledge and experience with Tomcat server Good knowledge and experience with file transmission and network (DNS, TCP/IP) Strong troubleshooting skills Experience and able to work with Agile environment and drive projects forward within team setting Must be organized, detail-oriented, self-motivated, disciplined, professional, and a team player to multiple tasks at one time, in a fast pace environment handling multiple demands Self-managing in a fast-paced development environment. Extensive knowledge of software development life cycle and accepted practices. Strategic and analytical thinking skills with an ability to solve problems and make decisions. Understanding of financial services industry and associated products Experience in open source frameworks Experience working on streaming data applications (e.g., Kafka, Flink or Spark Steaming) Uses expertise in appropriatetechniques and tools to design, develop and maintain effective application software, reporting to technical lead. Participates to the development and implementation of standards related to the application development, security and system support activities. Performs formal and informal reviews of software development processes and products to ascertain quality and adherence to standards. Establishes and maintains control procedures for version control. Monitors and tracks quality related issues and problems through to resolution. Competitive package for both employees and freelancers Professional development assistance (certification) International mobility in more than 25 countries Tons of corporate activities Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise Pension de Retraite REER Collectif Travail à Distance 8 Heures Du Lundi au Vendredi 
ScrapedJobID1373:
Drive the research, definition, and execution of product improvements and features that will delight users and create business value Identify, specify, document, and groom product requirements in a timely manner Analyze the business opportunities and new product concepts Collaborate and communicate with all departments at BoundaryPay - engineering, design, sales, and marketing Lead deep dives into user needs and product analytics to collaborate on and define BoundaryPay's product roadmap Manage the entire product lifecycle from conception to launch including ideation, business case, specification, prioritization, design, implementation, quality assurance, launch, and support 4+ years of product management experience Post Secondary’s Degree in related fields, such as Business Administration, Computing Science, and Engineering Experience with cloud and client/server software products used by end-users Strong communication skills that foster cross-team collaboration and ensure alignment on key outcomes and objectives Experience with Agile software development, including scrum processes, user stories, and other Agile related processes and techniques Distinctive problem solving and analytical skills with the ability to evolve product strategy and tactics based on research, data, and industry trends Understanding of the blockchain and DeFi technology is desired Experience of payment gateway products is a plus Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site parking Paid time off Stock options Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Product Management: 4 years (required) Cloud Service: 1 year (required) Agile: 1 year (required) blockchain: 1 year (preferred) DiFinancial Technology: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1374:
Tu maîtrises parfaitement l’Espagnol (d’Espagne) à l'écrit, à l'oral et à la lecture Tu connais la culture espagnole (d’Espagne) Tu as une bonne maîtrise de l'anglais à l'écrit, à l'oral et à la lecture Une expérience en localisation / traduction est un atout Tu as une bonne aptitude à communiquer avec tes coéquipiers Tu sais aussi bien travailler en autonomie qu’en équipe Tu connais (si tu sais utiliser c’est encore mieux !) des outils informatiques tel que Excel, Google Sheets, Google Drive et JIRA Travail à domicile Opportunités de carrière Des collègues venant des quatre coins du monde avec un esprit de cohésion Un office en face de la station de métro Rosemont Café et thé gratuits au bureau Un baby-foot (au bureau aussi) Soirée jeux vidéo avec les testeurs et le staff Des beignés le vendredi (toujours au bureau) You are fluent in written, spoken, and reading Spanish (from Europe) You are familiar with Spanish culture (from Europe) You have a good command of written, spoken, and reading English Experience in localization/translation is an asset You have good communication skills with your teammates You are able to work both independently and as part of a team You know (if you know how to use it even better!) computer tools such as Excel, Google Sheets, Google Drive, and JIRA Work from home Career opportunities Colleagues from all over the world with a cohesive spirit An office across the street from the Rosemont metro station Free coffee and tea in the office Foosball (also in the office) Gaming night with testers and the management Donuts on Fridays (also in the office) Overtime pay Casual dress Company events 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday No weekends On call Please proceed with your application if you are a Native speaker of Spain Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1375:

ScrapedJobID1376:
Minimum 2 years relevant knowledge of the Canadian Electrical Code, CSA 22.2 Familiar with electrical distribution equipment from various manufacturers (Schneider, Siemens, Eaton, ABB etc.) Uses software to prepare single line drawings in accordance with industry standards Strong computer background - proficient with Microsoft Office applications and knowledge of AutoCAD and or Solidworks skills would be an asset Excellent interpersonal skills; a person who listens well, respects diversity of opinions and has an open, clear and succinct communication style, both verbal and written. Self directed, but also thrives in a collaborative approach Good analytical and problem-solving skills Hands on electrical wiring knowledge and proficiency Prepare electrical drawings in accordance with industry codes and standards Create electrical schematic drawings, line drawings and specifications Create and design Kiosk, Control Panel and VFD drawings and BOM creation Create and design data sheets and drawing packages / BOM Testing of functional wiring Define product specifications for the purpose of guiding a design group. Work as an integral part of the Quality Assurance program to ensure product reliability. Act as a technical resource to our clients, production, and sales team Maintain design schedule to ensure that information is available to Manufacturing to achieve delivery dates. Assist in preparation of technical documents, including test procedures, test reports, design specifications, and component/system design requirements Prepare and/or review technical documents Work closely with design, sales, purchasing and production teams to ensure we meet customer requirements Generate Bills of Material to ensure supplies are available to Manufacturing to achieve delivery dates Improve and modify existing designs based on feedback from production floor Ensure completed products are built according to required specifications and approvals Manage quality control documentation as required Manages wiring personnel R&D on various projects Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends 
ScrapedJobID1377:
Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Store discount Tuition reimbursement Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID1378:
Serve as a critical team member to help execute client engagements, with responsibility for directing the client team, delegating tasks, handling all elements of execution, and helping manage the client relationship on each assignment. Business Development responsibilities, with a target of introducing new client prospects, attending industry events, and cross-selling other FTI Consulting services. Utilizing your exceptional leadership and technical skills, project management and communication skills, as well as a sense of urgency and drive to help the company service its clients. Support a full range of transaction advisory work; including services for buyers, sellers, and lenders. Building internal relationships with members of the Transaction support team and other FTI services. Be part of a fast-growing business with a cooperative atmosphere that helps clients maximize value and minimize risk during the acquisition or divestiture process. Clients served tend to be 75% private equity, and 25% corporate clients. Typical work products include: Quality of Earnings (EBITDA), Working Capital, Quality of Net Assets, Forecast Analysis, Debt and Debt Like Items, Customer/Product/Channel/Category sales and margin analysis, inventory costing and bill of materials. Bachelor or Advanced Degree (preferred) in accounting and/or finance required. CPA certification. 10 years in assurance/audit in a Big 4 or national accounting firm, specifically in Transaction Advisory Practice. Travel required to clients and to FTI office(s) Strong technical accounting skills, with detailed knowledge of GAAP and SEC requirements. Ability to interface with team members and client personnel in demanding, deadline-focused situations. Proficient with PC environments and related software, including Microsoft Office applications, especially advanced skills in Excel and PowerPoint. Proficient use and enquiry of computer models and development of dynamic spreadsheet applications. A strong aptitude for quantitative and qualitative analysis and the ability to link business strategy to performance and due diligence findings. The ability to conduct detailed analysis (using external information) on products, markets, competitors and customers to identify risks and opportunities. Ability to work independently in fast-paced, multi-tasked environment. Ability and willingness to learn and adapt in an ever-changing environment to meet client needs. Advanced issue resolution and problem-solving skills. Strong written and verbal communication skills. COVID Vaccine required* Individuals seeking an exemption from this requirement for medical or religious reasons should complete a request for accommodation form and submit the form to your recruiter.Our Benefits Competitive salary and bonus plans Generous paid holidays, time off and parental leave Full package of benefits plans Company matched 401K Annual paid volunteer hours Corporate matching for charitable donations Potential for flexible working arrangements Free snacks and drinks Upscale offices close to public transportation Pet insurance 
ScrapedJobID1379:
Contribute to quality control by reviewing analytical procedures, procedure forms, or other related documentation to assigned studies. Follow and ensure the application of GLP, SOPs, special procedures and health and safety rules on their assigned studies. Perform and review tabulation of results and participate in writing the study report. Collaborate with the Scientist to compile and assemble study deliverables in an audit ready state for submission to the Quality Assurance department (QA) and answer QA findings. Preparing or revision of the study summary (e.g. MQS, MVS) when required. Perform all other related duties as assigned. DEC in sciences or AEC An equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered an acceptable substitute for the specific education and experience listed above. Be able to work as part of a team. Have a positive attitude, good interpersonal relationships and professionalism. Adapt to changes. Actively participate in departmental meetings to improve performance and quality. Good understanding of Microsoft Office software and data generating software used in the department relevant to their role. Minimum of 3 weeks’ vacation ; Paid sick / personal days ; Paid overtime ; Competitive benefits starting from day one (health and dental coverage) ; Access to a savings and retirement program including an employer contribution ; Free, unlimited, and confidential access to health care professionals for you and your family, through telemedicine app ; Employee Assistance Programs ; Tuition reimbursement program ; Employee Activities ; Volunteering Program (paid day) ; Employee referral bonuses ; Relocation assistance ; Career advancement opportunities and training ; A recognition program ; Positive Company Values & Culture ; Shuttle service from the Sainte-Anne-de Bellevue train station and from John Abbott College to the Senneville site ; Free parking. 
ScrapedJobID1380:

ScrapedJobID1381:
Évaluer les exigences du projet et produire des dessins détaillés à l'échelle avec les spécifications. Communiquer avec l'équipe des ventes et les clients concernant les approbations et les changements. Élaborez des plans de construction finaux qui montrent l'apparence du paysage et fournissent des détails pour les équipes de construction, d'amélioration et de jardinage à suivre. Obtenir les permis, localiser les demandes et tout autre document au besoin. Coordonner avec les fournisseurs l'utilisation de sous-traitants et l'achat et la livraison des matériaux du projet. Identifier et résoudre de manière proactive les problèmes potentiels qui pourraient retarder le projet. Plus de 3 ans d'expérience dans la production de dessins à l'échelle et de spécifications d'aménagements paysagers. Diplôme ou diplôme en aménagement paysager ou en architecture Compétences exceptionnelles en matière d'organisation, de gestion du temps, de résolution de problèmes et d'analyse. Capacité à gérer les priorités et à respecter les délais de workflow. Expérience dans les logiciels LMN, Dynascapes, CAD, Sketch-Up et Shaderlight. Une expérience éprouvée de la gestion de projet et de la coordination des fournisseurs. Bilinguisme en français et en anglais et compétences exceptionnelles en communication. Assurance-maladie, soins de la vue, soins dentaires et assurance-vie. Téléphone portable d'entreprise (dernier modèle d'iPhone et données incluses). Uniformes, polos, chandails et vêtements professionnels de qualité. Café frais tous les matins et événements mensuels du personnel. Un salaire compétitif basé sur les qualifications et les années d'expérience. Travail à temps plein et à l'année en aménagement paysager. Potentiel de croissance illimité dans une entreprise en constante évolution et en expansion. Visitez notre site Web pour en savoir plus sur nous et voir certains de nos projets sur dlcteams.com ! Types d'emploi : Temps plein, Permanent ********************************************************** Assess project requirements and produce detailed drawings to scale with specifications. Communicate with the Sales team and clients regarding approvals and changes. Develop final construction plans that show the landscape’s appearance and provide details for construction, enhancement, and garden crews to follow. Obtain permits, locate requests, and any other documentation as required. Coordinate with vendors for the use of subcontractors and purchase and delivery of project materials. Identifying and proactively resolving potential problems that could delay the project. 3+ years of experience producing scale drawings and specifications of landscape designs. Diploma or degree in Landscape Design or Architecture Outstanding organizational, time management, problem-solving, and analytical skills. Ability to manage priorities and meet workflow deadlines. Experience in LMN, Dynascapes, CAD, Sketch-Up, and Shaderlight software. A proven track record of project management and vendor coordination. Bilingualism in French and English and exceptional communication skills. Health, vision, and dental benefits and life insurance. Company cell phone (latest iPhone model and data included). Quality uniforms, polos, sweaters and professional wear. Fresh coffee every morning and monthly staff events. A competitive salary based on qualifications and years of experience. Full-time, year-round work in landscaping. Limitless potential to grow in a company that is constantly evolving and expanding. Visit our website to learn more about us and see some of our projects at dlcteams.com! Casual dress Dental care On-site parking Vision care 10 hour shift 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID1382:
Close interaction with Business Units, Regional Finance Staff and our shared services team ABS Close interaction with other members of the tax team. Able to work as a member of diverse teams including members from different functional areas such as treasury, accounting & finance, legal and various locations and time zones Timely delivery of tax returns and tax provisions with minimal errors detected on review or subsequent audit Maintenance of files with appropriate documentation to support all tax positions, accounting entries, assessments/audit information etc. Understand and contribute towards the tax team’s KPIs such as cash taxes and ETR measurements Must keep up to date with the federal and provincial income tax rules and regulations. Demonstrated understanding of accounting principles Taking initiative in recognizing problems/issues and proposing appropriate resolutions Knowledge and understanding of business operational concepts Experience with online research materials and tax compliance software Strong organization skills and ability to adapt quickly to change Excellent oral and written communications skills as well as presentation skills Knowledge of accounting and tax within the manufacturing and/or construction industry would be an asset Maintain personal and corporate integrity in all actions Awareness of internal controls providing reasonable assurance of effective and efficient operations, including actions to prevent and detect fraud and protect Company resources Undergraduate degree required in accounting, business, commerce or equivalent experience Professional accounting designation required (CA, CMA, CGA or CPA) A minimum of 2-3years of large corporation accounting and tax. Previous work in a similar industry would be an asset CPA in-depth tax course completion or willingness to complete Advanced computer proficiency – significant spreadsheet skills Experience with online tax research tools, materials. Familiarity with different tax software packages including databases and SAP an asset Awareness of the tax legislation and accounting principles Strong organizational skills and ability to adapt quickly to change Excellent oral and written communications skills as well as presentation skills Action Oriented Priority Setting Business Acumen Decision Quality Functional/Technical Skills Interpersonal Savvy Problem Solving Customer Focus Organizing 
ScrapedJobID1383:
Developing deep knowledge and understanding of platforms within remit to support the change agenda and long-term strategy Providing technical design insight and support to software engineers, technical designers, infrastructure teams and others to support change and run activities on the platform Providing technical leadership of teams of engineers and developers Scope, manage & implement run activity in accordance with the agreed platform strategy for aligned customer areas. Perform value adding governance, design & quality assurance to ensure customer outcome is delivered to the highest standard, whilst ensuring delivery is achieved within agreed budget and timescales for top efficiency Contribute to definition of standards within the Platform, based upon industry standard methodology and aligned with the organization policies, legislation and regulation Identify, manage and control risks and Issues. Recommend appropriate ways of managing risks identified within proposed solutions. Champion process improvements, embedding new ways of working focus on driving up quality of results and the way we operate within the Platform Consultancy and collaboration in relation to system design, capacity management and maintenance. Ensure that changes to the Platform stays in sync with the company architecture standards, or deviations are agreed with the relevant governance authorities Influence Change practices based on the organization strategy and Industry standard methodology e.g. adoption of Software Engineering practices and tooling Manage technical teams in the effective support, maintenance and improvement (otherwise known as ‘Run’) of a defined set of IT services and their underpinning applications Relationship management of associated partners including business, architecture and IT suppliers Responsible for service availability, incidents, problems, vulnerability removal, technical refreshes, disaster recovery, capacity and demand, performance. Compliance with Business Protection Controls and IT Standards which impact Run. Governance over Run activities delivered in the DC through 3rd parties. In particular, guaranteeing delivery to contractual obligations within agreed costs. Proactively manage the DC estate including threat and vulnerability management, technical refresh, disaster recovery, business continuity, risk management, monitoring of critical processes, capacity planning and service resilience. Guarantee the security of the DC estate through management of access recertification, segregation of duties, data protection and integrity Act as gatekeeper to new deliveries into the Production environment ensuring there are no risks to service or continuity Guarantee asset registers such as CMDB are accurate and maintained Review and allocation of Run costs within the Platform to ensure cost transparency Own technical platforms and their long-term integrity and maintainability. Identify, plan, craft and deliver technical activities to maintain technical platform assets. Plan and coordinate deployment, driving delivery of change to meet business needs and agreed commitments Lead and manage a team of software engineers to support development and talent including supply and demand of permanent and GSP staff. This also includes sharing/placing resources in to feature teams Manage and control resources and suppliers ensuring that supply and capability meets agreed commitments including engagement or engineering initiatives Engage with key partners to actively support and coordinate technical deliveries Develop, create and drive platform strategy through operational innovation, using Platform CoE (eg tools, methods, ways of working, etc) Adapt team ways of working and service delivery model to embrace standards, methods, ways of working as developed / agreed with Platform CoE (S/W development processes, tools, Release Process, Test Services, Deployment methods (eg DevOps), etc) Adhere to agreed standards, ways of working, use of tools, processes, etc Platform Managers will require deep expertise in their particular system domain Identify, own and manage the specific key risks and/or IT controls and BP standards that you are identified as the owner and/or nominee for on iCARE or Archer Ensure that issues and actions associated to controls / risks are remediated in a timely manner - outstanding problem solving skills Maintain appropriate records on iCARE or Archer Ensure that controls are sufficiently well designed and operating effectively to keep the risks that they mitigate within the company's tolerance level Report and call out the status of the relevant risks, controls and standards as the need arises The role has operational accountability for a team including platform specialists, platform designers and software engineers (Perm, GSP and Contractors). This includes direct people management accountability for a team of specialists and indirect task management of resources assigned temporarily to run and change activities Drives delivery through matrix team structures, requiring collaboration and management of both internal and external resources Support the team through delegated tasks including: work scheduling, budget monitoring, coaching, mentoring and problem solving, induction, training, and helping with recruitment, performance appraisal and development processes Leaders are accountable for developing the capability of their team and their people and for driving the culture of the organization Establish team sense of ownership to deliver better customer outcomes from the Platform Strong problem-solving abilities and the ability to work efficiently in a fast-paced environment under pressure. Provision of timely, accurate and succinct updates to senior partners that realistically manage expectations in high pressure situations Accountable for dealing with issues and problems (relating to technical work, people, finance, implementation of change etc) that are not routine. Problem solving may require information gathering, analysis, consideration of options and drawing conclusions on a case-by-case basis e.g. . rapid restoration of services with subsequent root cause analysis and prevention are key outcomes. Guidelines and policy can help but at the heart of the role is the exercise of judgment based on professional training and/or experience, and providing leadership to technical resources to deliver high-quality platform services Ability to give high and detailed level understanding of outcomes wanted for technical deliveries, and recognizing dependencies, across all Platform changes Ability to remove delivery issues Provide strategic solutions for deficiencies in process and operational procedures Working with DevOps teams to ensure appropriate input into backlogs and prioritization of delivery in order to address incidents and root causes Delivery of change and/or Acceptance of change from Feature teams into different release pipelines or delivery timeframes Resource alignment to platform and CIO structure due to demand required for scale of deliveries Changes to strategic direction based on the organization or industry operational and technological advances Accountable for identifying, anticipating and inspiring change to improve performance and efficiencies in their platform Create, build and drive the transformation of the Run and Change Platform function embracing modern software and release engineering practices Develop a culture of world class delivery and technical innovation within the Platform by aligning mind sets Providing input into Portfolio Planning in order to address issues, ensure services are supportable and to continuously improve delivery and cost efficiencies of service Driving improved use of approved and budgeted toolsets to support change and run services provision Seeking opportunity and managing the delivery of improved monitoring and automation to improve service and resilience Application of Agile, Scrum and Kanban techniques to manage work Leaders are accountable for developing the capability of their team and their people and for driving the culture of the organization Build effective relationships within the organization across all IT business and service partners, Release and Assurance management Utilize business contacts to get closer to the customer and understand what our customers really want Being collaborative with peers across Release, Assurance and Change to gather feedback, review, build and develop new process for the best improvements, efficiencies and best working practices Platform teams operating within DevOps models Cloud Operations teams Group IT Operations, particularly MIT CISO Service Managers Business customers Change delivery teams Engage and be collaborative with Global Source Partners to extract high performance and gain value for money Drive value and efficiencies from Run and Change provided by external partners and understand industry standard methodology developments including partners of the organization 5+ years experience with Guidewire Integration and JEE technology Demonstrate in depth experience of the Platform they support with practical experience Outstanding knowledge of various standards and best practices associated with this Platform within comparable Demonstrable experience of managing sophisticated high pressurized situations to a successful conclusion. Outstanding ability to manage complex issues ensuring delegated actions are completed to the appropriate standards. Ability to work in an incredibly time-pressured environment Excellent, interpersonal and communication skills, both oral and written. IT Service Management Business orientation, able to translate IT into business terms Ability to influence others effectively to achieve the required outcome ITIL Awareness Degree educated or proven experience Strong background in IT application management Systems Thinking Appreciation of Agile Demonstrable experience of thriving within a fast-paced environment and high pressurized financial services organization A framework for capabilities and skills across IT to further support development and career pathways is being developed Experience with Guidewire is an absolute must have requirement PolicyCenter experience is a huge benefit 
ScrapedJobID1384:
opportunity to pursue their career options internationally Recognizing the seasonality of our industry we have reduced work hours and increased flexibility during the off peak periods to give staff more time to pursue their interests and hobbies. competitive base salary and benefits hybrid generous paid vacation, sick and personal time Supervision, guidance and training of intermediate and junior staff Prepare complex compilations (NTR) files Prepare Personal (T1), Trust (T3) and Corporate (T2) income tax returns Prepare and complete working papers for review and audit engagements Identify and attempt to resolve engagement issues Demonstrates commitment to meeting client deadlines and maintain a positive client experience Monitoring progress of work being completed on the files and communication to manager and partners Bachelor’s Degree in Commerce or Business Administration (Accounting and/or Finance major is preferred) Completion of the CPA designation in Ontario, or working towards it 2-4 years of Canadian Public Accounting experience with private corporation in assurance engagements and NTR files On-going professional development courses to meet or exceed CPA Canada requirements Experience working with, or exposure to, accounting and tax software such as Caseware, Taxprep, and Quickbooks is beneficial Strong computer literacy including effective working skills of Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint Possess a working knowledge of the firm’s systems, research materials and quality control procedures Ability to research issues and propose recommendations for proper treatment under applicable standards Ability to prepare more complex T1, T2, T3 tax returns Demonstrated competency with Microsoft Office tools Self-starter with strong attention to detail Ability to deliver in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment A desire to provide outstanding client service Strong interpersonal and communication skills to liaise with clients, team members and the community 
ScrapedJobID1385:

ScrapedJobID1386:
Monday to Friday On call No 
ScrapedJobID1387:
Agir en tant que coordonnateur principal des activités entre le promoteur de l'étude, les sites cliniques, les autres fournisseurs de services et l'équipe interne de Biospective Participer à la mise en place des études cliniques avec les collaborateurs internes et externes Superviser la conduite des études cliniques de l'initiation des sites jusqu'à la fin de l'étude Produire et réviser les documents d'études Assurer la qualité globale et la conformité réglementaire des études B.Sc. en sciences de la vie ou science de la santé, ou 2 ans d'expérience significative en recherche Bonnes compétences en communication Excellentes capacités d'organisation et souci du détail Compétences avec la Suite Microsoft office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Abilité à travailler de manière indépendante sans supervision immédiate mais également en équipe Capacité de rester motivé lors de la réalisation d'activités répétitives Facilité d'apprentissage Démontrer de la flexibilité pour répondre aux changements de priorités et aux multiples tâches Excellente maitrise de l'Anglais, écrit et parlé Expérience du système d'exploitation Linux Connaissance de l'anatomie du cerveau Expérience de travail avec des données d'imagerie Expérience en sélection, initiation et suivi de sites cliniques Connaissance de base de la règlementation entourant la recherche clinique, incluant les BPCs Faire preuve d'initiative et être proactif pour la résolution de problèmes Act as liaison between the sponsor, research sites, third party vendors and Internal Team Coordinate setup activities for new clinical studies with internal and external stakeholders Oversee the conduct of clinical studies from site initiation to study close out Produce and review study-related documentation Ensure overall studies quality and regulatory compliance Bachelor’s degree in a relevant life sciences or health care discipline or 2 years related research experience Good communication skills Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail Good knowledge of computer Microsoft Office software (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Able to work independently, without immediate supervision, and as part of a team Ability to remain motivated when performing repetitive tasks Ability to learn new skills quickly Demonstrated flexibility to deal with changing priorities and multiple tasks Knowledge of the Linux operating system Knowledge of brain anatomy Experience working with imaging data Site selection, initiation and monitoring Basic knowledge of regulatory environment in Clinical Research, including GCPs Solution-oriented with proactive approach to issues Working knowledge of French, spoken and written Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Day shift Monday to Friday Canadian resident or valid work permit Bachelor's Degree (required) relevant: 1 year (required) French and English (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 Remote interview process Virtual meetings 
ScrapedJobID1388:
Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site parking RRSP match Tuition reimbursement Vision care 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) project management: 1 year (preferred) English (required) No 
ScrapedJobID1389:
Focus on preventative maintenance program for the mailing and insertion packaging lines and interacting with vendors Schedule and coordinate the PMs for the various mailing equipment (PitneyBowes, Bell & Howell, Baum, Kirk Rudy, Packsmart, Kerns, etc) Providing direct support with the integration of new equipment and technology introduced in the plant related to the production and packaging processes Maintaining manufacturing machinery systems and the mailing packaging lines in proper working order to ensure business continuity and minimize production downtime Work with computers and controllers to navigate through system menus and create custom job setups Providing daily reports to the Production Manager and Shift Supervisors, as well as the Maintenance team Maintaining a log of all work done during the shift that relates to machines and items related to ongoing developments or projects Maintaining the inventory system that serves as the foundation for parts usage tracking, machines parts usage tracking, parts reordering process, and parts reception process Attending weekly Maintenance team meetings and updating the team on assigned projects, tasks, and ongoing problems, utilizing the forum to discuss road blocks and improving overall department performance Focusing on quality and working towards a goal of being World Class by continuously practicing Six Sigma-Lean manufacturing approach to monitoring, controlling and improving the department’s key performance indicators Working with other departments to enhance quality by participating in continuous improvement projects, finding new ways to reduce scrap and save costs Analyzing downtime data, making graphs using Excel, and presenting downtime and assessment for reasons of downtime to support continuous improvement initiatives Covering other shifts as needed with short notice to assist with coverage needs Creating purchase requests, following up with Purchasing and Finance to ensure orders are placed and executed, to their final reception and audit Developing the Repair Training program for equipment repair using your experience with the equipment Performing IT tasks, such as network troubleshooting, patching software, backing up machine systems, etc. Regularly communicate technical information and updates to external customers and other stakeholders, internally and externally Maintaining a clean work environment and practicing the principles of 5S daily Working on integrating the machines assigned to you into the production floor by planning their arrival, coordinating with the manufacturer, following up with support departments, electrical work, the pre-start work, the actual implementation, and post implementation services Informal supervision and coaching of junior technicians and operators Attend trainings abroad for equipment training when required At least 4 years of experience in working with repairing electro-mechanical equipment in a manufacturing environment, or advanced packaging environment, or aircraft mechanics environment At least 4 years of experience working with mechanical and electrical tools to troubleshoot and do advanced repairs of equipment. Prior experience working as either one of manufacturing technician, hands-on repairman, IT specialist, Automation Expert, mechanical technician, electrician, etc. Prior experience communicating technical information and concepts to different audiences in a variety of formats Experience with reading and deciphering technical documentation, parts diagrams, etc. Excellent team player with proven examples of achievements through collaboration; this is a crucial part of this role Solid understanding of basic IT Networking, taking backups of machines, restoring computers, Experience repairing embossing machinery (Datacard/Matica equipment) OR Aircrafts OR highly complex manufacturing and packaging equipment Bachelor’s degree or post-secondary Diploma with Mechanical or Electrical focus or eqiv Proven ability to self-teach on equipment you are not formally trained on by accessing printed documentation (service manuals) Experience with mechanical repairs, machine shop tools, key mechanical concepts and pneumatic systems Proficient with PCs, and current operating system with relevant software applications Knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite, Outlook emailing, Calendar, Word, Powerpoint, and Excel. Experience with reading and deciphering technical documentation, parts diagrams, etc. Knowledge of task management and ability to prioritize your work. Professional and demonstrated positive attitude, able to work well in a fast-paced environment, self-motivated, a quick-learner, with ability to receive direction and feedback positively Ability to operate effectively and autonomously across multiple teams in situations of ambiguity leveraging problem solving skills and a willingness to learn with only high-level direction Team-player with professional attitude, able to work well in a fast-paced environment, self-motivated, a quick-learner, with ability to receive direction and feedback positively Organized with strong attention to detail, time management skills and a problem-solver Working with other departments (Quality Assurance, New Product Introduction NPI, IT, and Logistics) to administer quality validations, ensure NPI processes followed, fulfill communication with logistics for shipping and receiving of engineering products. Proven and demonstrated ability to develop strong and positive interpersonal connections with your colleagues, with other teams, and your superiors is critical to this role. Prior experience as a lead or experience supervising members of a team of technical employees in support of a common function Experience with inventory management and control Knowledge of industrial and safety regulations related to machinery such as OHSA regulations and electrical, building and fire codes Formal education or training with mailing and packaging equipment (Bell & Howell or Pitney Bowes) Experience working in Card Personalization Center and it’s regulatory requirements Experience with Kaizen, Lean Manufacturing, Six Sigma continuous improvement processes like DMAIC Experience using Oracle or Other Inventory Management ERP system for order placing and inventory control Prior experience working with other departments (Quality Assurance, New Product Introduction NPI, IT, and Logistics) to administer quality validations, ensure NPI processes followed, fulfill communication with logistics for shipping and receiving of engineering products. Demonstrated experience in floor equipment layout manipulation and implementation of new equipment Demonstrated ability to take complex business process challenges and lead a team to evolve to a future state so the process becomes an highly effective and efficient business process Prior experience managing complex projects involving multiple stakeholders/ technologies and requirements autonomously A+ Certification or N+ Certification is an asset 
ScrapedJobID1390:
Perform diagnostics, service repairs and maintenance work on customer and Meditech equipment. Provide support to customers as well as the service manager to meet company objectives. Provide technical support to BIOFLEX system users. Responsible for testing, troubleshooting and repairing failed products as required. Verify that all testing activities and procedures are executed in a timely and conscientious manner. Answer questions and resolve system problems for customers in person and via telephone/email. Provide assistance concerning the use of system including software installation and networking. Prepare reports regarding repairs of Meditech products for quality assurance purposes. Follow Meditech's ISO 13485:2016 Quality System and procedures to perform all related tasks. Help production team in assembling products as required. Other duties as assigned by the Director of Engineering. A minimum of 3 to 5 years of technical experience in electronic technologies is preferred; Ability to read the electronics schematics. Excellent electronic circuit board troubleshooting skills. Excellent soldering and reworking skills. Excellent knowledge in identifying electronic components and other product materials. Proficient in PC-based computer software such as MS Office applications and spreadsheets. Proficient in electronic assembly, including, but not limited to, placing components, soldering, cutting, gluing and other manually dexterous activities and ESD handling techniques. Skilled in the use of Test equipment, including, but not limited to, oscilloscopes, multimeters, photometers, etc. Experience in identifying SMT components and markings (using magnifying aids if required). Working knowledge of QT9 and Salesforce is considered an asset. Superior organizational abilities. Excellent interpersonal skills (with both clients and internal customers). Effective written and oral communications skills. Exceptional analytical, troubleshooting and time management skills. Ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment. On-site parking 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID1391:

ScrapedJobID1392:
Minimum 2 years relevant knowledge of the Canadian Electrical Code, CSA 22.2 Familiar with electrical distribution equipment from various manufacturers (Schneider, Siemens, Eaton, ABB etc.) Uses software to prepare single line drawings in accordance with industry standards Strong computer background - proficient with Microsoft Office applications and knowledge of AutoCAD and or Solidworks skills would be an asset Excellent interpersonal skills; a person who listens well, respects diversity of opinions and has an open, clear and succinct communication style, both verbal and written. Self directed, but also thrives in a collaborative approach Good analytical and problem-solving skills Hands on electrical wiring knowledge and proficiency Prepare electrical drawings in accordance with industry codes and standards Create electrical schematic drawings, line drawings and specifications Create and design Kiosk, Control Panel and VFD drawings and BOM creation Create and design data sheets and drawing packages / BOM Testing of functional wiring Define product specifications for the purpose of guiding a design group. Work as an integral part of the Quality Assurance program to ensure product reliability. Act as a technical resource to our clients, production, and sales team Maintain design schedule to ensure that information is available to Manufacturing to achieve delivery dates. Assist in preparation of technical documents, including test procedures, test reports, design specifications, and component/system design requirements Prepare and/or review technical documents Work closely with design, sales, purchasing and production teams to ensure we meet customer requirements Generate Bills of Material to ensure supplies are available to Manufacturing to achieve delivery dates Improve and modify existing designs based on feedback from production floor Ensure completed products are built according to required specifications and approvals Manage quality control documentation as required Manages wiring personnel R&D on various projects Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Tuition reimbursement 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends 
ScrapedJobID1393:
Read and interpret drawings and blueprints to estimate manufacturing time and source specification compliant material. Source qualified vendors for outsourced processes e.g., plating. Obtain valid quotes for all external costs e.g., material, outsourced processes, freight. Confirm internal and external production lead times. Prepare estimated delivery schedules, in conjunction with production planning. Generate quotes within the ERP system (Microsoft Dynamics), including creating unique part numbers, and scanning and attaching all relevant information to the quote record. Maintain details of and follow customer specific quoting requirements. Be familiar with and follow RSW Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) and processes for the department. Identify opportunities for improvement. Other tasks deemed necessary in meeting our customers’ needs. Completion of post secondary education with a diploma or degree related to Estimating, Engineering, Construction Management, or Quantity surveying. 2 to 3 years mechanical experience in both piping and maintenance operations, production, scheduling and/or procurement. Experience in Structural Fabrication & Pipe Fabrication estimating would be an asset. Journeyman Welding Ticket is considered an asset. Skilled at interpreting production order information, including part descriptions, material grade, documents, and drawings. Experience in working with carbon, stainless steel as well as nickel-based alloys. Competent in using Microsoft Office Suite, Adobe, computer software related to business operations (ERP) and CRM systems. Working knowledge of Microsoft Business Central is required or training will be provided. General knowledge of products and services in relation to the oil and gas industry. Strong knowledge of safe work practices, Quality Assurance requirements, and Continuous Improvement (Lean Manufacturing) principles and the ability to impart that knowledge to others. 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID1394:
Manage all small-scale fabrication projects < $250 000 for structural and pipe spool manufacturing Perform weld take offs/weld counts for piping isometrics Perform material take offs for piping isometrics Take technical responsibility for the job specifications and fabrication drawings Manage draftsmen and engineering contractors in the creation of detailed manufacturing drawings Support the fabrication shop and QC on any query or needed information Raise requests to clients for needed information (RFI) Review fabrication drawings Review client designs and verify manufacturing drawings accurately addresses the requirement Issue requests to Supply Chain for material purchase and allocation Report back to Engineering group on fabrication shop workload and any concerns Support project estimators with regards to technical queries Design of shop layouts and other engineered solutions Other duties as requested by the Engineering Manager 3+ years’ experience in a project and fabrication environment Experience with estimating projects and project management is essential Bachelors degree in Mechanical Engineering Competent using Microsoft Office Organized with high attention to detail Must function well in a high paced environment P.Eng designation is an asset Experience with ERP systems is an asset Experience with CAD software such as AutoCAD, Acorn and Tekla is an asset Experience and knowledge of ASME B31.3 and CWB welding standards is an asset General knowledge of products and services in relation to the oil and gas industry Knowledge of safe work practices, Quality Assurance requirements, and Continuous Improvement (Lean Manufacturing) principles Project Engineer and Estimator Document Office, shop floor and yard environment – sitting, standing, walking in shop and yard Wearing PPE as needed in the shop and yard Lifting up to 50 lbs. without mechanical assistance Driver’s license and vehicl 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Do you have a Bachelors degree in Mechanical Engineering project and fabrication: 3 years (preferred) Project Estimation: 2 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1395:
Serve as a critical team member to help execute client engagements, with responsibility for directing the client team, delegating tasks, handling all elements of execution, and helping manage the client relationship on each assignment. Business Development responsibilities, with a target of introducing new client prospects, attending industry events, and cross-selling other FTI Consulting services. Utilizing your exceptional leadership and technical skills, project management and communication skills, as well as a sense of urgency and drive to help the company service its clients. Support a full range of transaction advisory work; including services for buyers, sellers, and lenders. Building internal relationships with members of the Transaction support team and other FTI services. Be part of a fast-growing business with a cooperative atmosphere that helps clients maximize value and minimize risk during the acquisition or divestiture process. Clients served tend to be 75% private equity, and 25% corporate clients. Typical work products include: Quality of Earnings (EBITDA), Working Capital, Quality of Net Assets, Forecast Analysis, Debt and Debt Like Items, Customer/Product/Channel/Category sales and margin analysis, inventory costing and bill of materials. Bachelor or Advanced Degree (preferred) in accounting and/or finance required. CPA certification. 10 years in assurance/audit in a Big 4 or national accounting firm, specifically in Transaction Advisory Practice. Travel required to clients and to FTI office(s) Strong technical accounting skills, with detailed knowledge of GAAP and SEC requirements. Ability to interface with team members and client personnel in demanding, deadline-focused situations. Proficient with PC environments and related software, including Microsoft Office applications, especially advanced skills in Excel and PowerPoint. Proficient use and enquiry of computer models and development of dynamic spreadsheet applications. A strong aptitude for quantitative and qualitative analysis and the ability to link business strategy to performance and due diligence findings. The ability to conduct detailed analysis (using external information) on products, markets, competitors and customers to identify risks and opportunities. Ability to work independently in fast-paced, multi-tasked environment. Ability and willingness to learn and adapt in an ever-changing environment to meet client needs. Advanced issue resolution and problem-solving skills. Strong written and verbal communication skills. COVID Vaccine required* Individuals seeking an exemption from this requirement for medical or religious reasons should complete a request for accommodation form and submit the form to your recruiter.Our Benefits Competitive salary and bonus plans Generous paid holidays, time off and parental leave Full package of benefits plans Company matched 401K Annual paid volunteer hours Corporate matching for charitable donations Potential for flexible working arrangements Free snacks and drinks Upscale offices close to public transportation Pet insurance 
ScrapedJobID1396:
Ensure safety, security & environmental policies are implemented within the station. Ensure the relevant Standards and Policies as described in Menzies Manuals and local legislation are met by Menzies Aviation employees within the station. Implement the station Emergency Response Plan. Implement Menzies Aviation safety, security & environmental policies and procedures as laid down in the relevant Company procedures in order to achieve consistent standards. Facilitate the distribution of safety, security and environmental alerts to increase awareness within operations. Responsible for driving corporate through hands-on and verbal instructions. Push to reduce Personal Injuries, Aircraft Damage, Environmental and Security incidents by 10% annually. Promote Safety, Security & Environmental awareness within the relevant station operation. Adhere to central and regional operational training procedures. Coordinate/perform and ensure an annual risk analysis takes place in a timely fashion. Working in collaboration with the local or regional management team in developing policies and procedures, ensuring safe systems of work processes are established in order to enhance operational safety knowledge of applicable Health & Safety Legislation. Conduct and/or assist in Health, Safety & Security accidents and / or incident investigations when necessary. Conduct onsite auditing and quality inspections within all areas of the business. Ensures safety and quality audits are conducted, reviewed and closed. Provide timely management reports weekly or monthly as required. Responsible for driving corporate safety, security and environmental programs within the station. To provide guidance & support to operational management on matters of safety, security and environmental. Reviews station employee injury trends and directs corrective action. Conducts Risk Assessments as directed. Ensures that risk Assessments are completed at the station level. Coordinates safety and quality promotion initiatives. Attend weekly, monthly and quarterly safety & security meetings with our airline customers and represent Menzies through the airports Safety Forums as considered by the Safety & Security Manager and/or Station Manager. Continuously improving the process of hazard identification, risk assessments and compliance with the implementation of risk mitigation measures, safe systems of work and controls. Driving the ‘Safety & Security First’ culture throughout the station. Actively promote the companies Safety & Security Management Systems. Supporting the field operation to introduce safe and secure working procedures and proactive audit daily inspections and audits programs. Establish, lead and support the station Health and Safety Committee. Liaise with the local regulatory aviation authorities in order to ensure compliance. Monitor changes in legislation & amend operational requirements accordingly under the direct supervision of the Safety & Security Manager and/or Station Manager. Monitor changes in customer airline procedures in regards to safety, security & environmental matters and amend operational procedures / requirements accordingly under the direct supervision of the Safety & Security Manager and/or Station Manager. To report any significant deficiency in our products, materials and documents. Has the duty to suggest any improvements to working practices especially those relating to safety, security and environmental. Conduct audits, as described in the Quality Assurance Manual, as required. Conduct monthly Health and Safety Inspections and two clean desk inspections a month. Ensure all Safety & Security meetings are held in line with statutory requirements. Report any breaches of statutory requirements or company best practice to management. Implement and support new Safety, Security & Environmental business tools and processes. Providing recommendations to the Station Manager in relation to the on-going development of the Stations Risk and Safety System, Quality Assurance and Security procedures and associated documentation. Reviews & brief key personnel on new legislation and changes in Health, Safety and Security procedures. Ensure a local security programs has been put in place and updated on an annual basis. Lead by examples at all times and provide honest and direct feedback to our employees and colleagues. Open communication with our employees. Ensures tasks are performed in accordance with the Company and Airlines specific procedures and policies. Required to attend the mandatory training imposed by the Company and Airlines as per job role. Any other reasonable duties as requested by a direct or indirect superior manager. Legally able to work in Canada; High school diploma with at least three years of experience in ramp/cargo operations. Experience in environmental, safety, industrial hygiene or related field preferred. Formal OSHA or similar Safety Certification desired Must have valid G or G2 Driver’s License and have a DA; be able to obtain and hold all required security clearances. Ability to effectively communicate verbally and in writing with all levels, including program development and presentation skills. Must be able to work extended hours on short notice when required. Proficient with Microsoft Excel and Word and presentation software. Ability to plan and implement programs A working knowledge of GSE maintenance issues. Understanding of the wider airport operational environment. Must be able to lift up to 70 lbs when required. Experience and understanding of the commercial issues in aviation. Ability to travel for periods of time, occasional at short notice, both domestically and international. Ability to work rotating shifts including weekends, holidays and days off if necessary. Experience of Health and Safety management. No 
ScrapedJobID1397:
Ensure all communications are handled timely, efficiently and professionally. Provide analytical assessment of day to-day issues; as well as strategic opportunities for improvement with customer. Develop allocation plans to optimize constrained availability against prioritized demands. Provide oversight in relation to electronic trading partners and operational execution. Generate daily, weekly and monthly visibility, data quality, and KPI reports. Perform analysis on key KPIs to determine when KPIs are out of acceptable tolerances, determine root causes, and to identify unfavorable trends requiring attention. Drive resolution of weekly exceptions to ensure rapid decision making and timely execution. Responsible for standardizing operations processes, documenting in shared folders and preparing for/implementing new processes and policies. Collaboration with external service providers to troubleshoot and ensure the smooth flow of cargo. Escalation to client(s) when external partners electronic milestones are late or inaccurate. Provide analysis and recommendations which create cost and efficiency savings. Provide excellent customer communications throughout projects to ensure customer satisfaction with project scope, plans and progress towards completion. Provide regular and ad-hoc reporting. Along with your Manager, serve as the conduit between the customer community (internal and external) and the software development team to develop system upgrades to support business and customer needs, including tracking, tracking and reporting inland performance to both customers and management Perform other job-related duties as required. Provides training and guidance to other internal teams relating to SOPs and all customer procedures and requirements. Minimize Demurrage and Detention. If client responsibility, ensure clients know why Maintain frequent contact with assigned clients to discover, discuss, document and follow up on all important issues. Communicate workload, PTO & holiday plans to management and coordinate / train with assigned backup to ensure all assigned clients have adequate coverage. Ensure all SOP/IOPs are adhered to and shortfalls are corrected quickly. Review all IOP/SOPs quarterly. Report internal and external performance to DCM management, PM / GPD / KCM / BDM, and others. Participate in quarterly business reviews (QBR) with large customers. Collect, validate, consolidate, monitor and report any significant customer requirements, expectations and trends. Support DCM management for all enquiries and advise in areas of expertise. Create, maintain & follow up on open issue log with client and drive action plan(s). Raise scope creep concerns to DCM management and PM / GPD / KCM / BDM. Meet internal KPIs, and if below - drive performance upward. Ensure internal KPIs are aligned with customer agreed KPIs and that there is one data set that reflects each. Review operational processes on a regular basis and share best practices with other DCM team members. Report periodically on assigned client performance to DCM manager. Represent the account(s) during all implementations and work together with the implementation manager and DCM manager to ensure smooth onboarding. Work closely with GSC team to ensure good flow of communication and shared best practices. Quarterly audit for revenue leakage. Avoid practices and errors that can expose the DCM group to Demurrage and Detention. Raise potential Demurrage and Detention issues to the DCM manager when first detected. HSSE. Customer Satisfaction Survey (NPS) and customer agreed KPIs. Service delivery levels: Internal operational KPIs. Demurrage and Detention, YoY comparison. Best practice sharing with DCM team members. Composure (high capacity for stress). Assertive/decisive and pro-active. High sense of urgency and persistence. Confidence in dealing with people and building relationships. Ability to problem solve and recommend appropriate course of action: analytical and structured approach. Able to give constructive feedback and challenge where appropriate. Ability to interface well with internal and external operation stakeholders  * Highly customer centric. Basic continuous Improvement techniques and metrics-driven. Good verbal, writing, and presentation skills. Highly proficient in MS Excel to include filters, pivots, and formulas. Ability to create ad-hoc client reports in MS Excel. 2+ years' experience with a proven track record in the international containerized transport industry. 2+ years' experience in customer service and internal relations. 2+ years' experience with drayage and port activity. 2+ years' experience managing carrier and international logistics performance monitoring and reporting. 2+ years' experience analytical skills combined with detailed practical business acumen. 2+ years' experience with Billing. Advanced experience in Microsoft Excel, including filtering, pivots, Boolean formulas, and V-lookups. Mission focus. Must possess the mindset and desire to work & collaborate in a team environment. Must possess a self-starter attitude. Ability to work in a fast-paced and demanding operational environment, sometimes without detailed direction. Proven ability to identify improvement opportunities and perform business and cost analysis to make recommendations. Working simultaneously on multiple, complex projects. Ability to work independently, typically initiating own tasks without input/guidance from manager. 
ScrapedJobID1398:
Prepare for autopsies by obtaining patients' medical records and arranging for radiographic examinations Assist with or perform autopsies and surgical specimen examinations under pathologists' supervision Dissect, examine, weigh and photograph organs and specimens, collect tissue specimens for chemical analysis and record findings Prepare bodies for release to funeral homes following completion of autopsies Supervision of the grossing activities and the morgue facilities, this includes monitoring and processing of all surgical pathology specimens upon arrival in the lab. Aid in the selection of tissue for special procedures such as flow cytometry, estrogen and progesterone receptor analysis, and other procedures which need prompt selection of fresh tissues. Aid in the selection of tissues for research and route them to the appropriate laboratory. Supervise and/or provide technical support for assigned autopsies. Supervise the maintenance of the autopsy/morgue facilities, equipment, disposable supplies, develop and implement policies affecting the grossing/autopsy/morgue services, update the Grossing/Autopsy Service Procedural Manuals, and the autopsy/morgue service portions of the Nursing Manual and the Hospital Policy and Procedures Manual, as required. Prepare quarterly quality assurance reports, monthly workload summary reports, and monthly autopsy service call schedules. Supervise special techniques of specimen preservation and research and develop new applications. May perform other duties as assigned. Minimum Bachelor of Science degree or equivalent required Certification from an accredited PA program and/or member of the AAPA required. 3-5 years related experience preferred. Basic knowledge of human anatomy, macro surgical techniques, general laboratory skills. Understanding of safety and infection control requirements of position. Demonstrated ability to obtain and prepare tissue for evaluation, provide assistance to pathologists, in a timely and quality manner. Proficiency in preparing and maintaining records, use of electronic communications tools and software. A well-defined sense of diplomacy, including solid negotiation, conflict resolution, and people management skills. High degree of resourcefulness, flexibility, and adaptability. Able to effectively communicate both verbally and in writing French language proficiency an asset. 
ScrapedJobID1399:
Ensures that all functions and operations on the job comply with union agreements and local legislative requirements. Responsible for monitoring the SafeRing Program on the project site for compliance and corrects any safety violations. Monitors the progress and quality of work assigned to employees and subcontractors by complying with companies Quality Management procedures and policies. New employee – self-performed or subcontractor - orientation training and experience. Lead project start up guide & quality assurance program. Directs the construction of the project in accordance with drawings and specifications Assists the Project Manager with the maintenance of project document control including drawings, plans, master schedule, manpower charts, submittals, logs, test & inspection reports, etc., Knows, practices and enforces the companies safety policies and procedures to visibly create safe operations as a top priority on the project site. Technical school background, construction training (trade school, college or vocational training) or degree/diploma in Construction Management/ Civil / Mechanical Engineering five to ten years of experience in the construction trades as a foreman and general foreman Outlook and Microsoft Office including Word and Excel. Prolog software skills are an asset. Completion of a trade apprenticeship program. C.E.T. would be an asset • Reads and interprets documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. • Writes routine reports and correspondence. Speaks effectively before groups of customers or employees of organization Ability to work well in a team environment, and offer leadership to the Company’s staff and Sub trades. Good knowledge about general construction principles and practices, Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OHSA) and collective labour agreements Working with a 2.6-billion North American construction firm Vehicle reimbursement and mileage Dental, health plan and insurances Annual Bonus Program Defined contribution pension plan above competitors Great work culture, open door policy and family oriented with flexible work hours Opportunities for travel to US Commitment to Employee development and growth 
ScrapedJobID1400:
Review, compare and edit a range of translated online documentation and learning solutions to ensure all standards are applied and consistent. Translate, review and edit translated content to ensure content language aligns with the English version of content. Conduct review for all translated content to revise, edit and proofread content to ensure: coherence, flow and conciseness. correctness of grammar, punctuation, and spelling consistency of tone/voice, grammar, pagination, layout and design adherence to departmental defined standards and style guides. adherence to bank standards and requirements around intellectual property, trademark usage/restrictions, branding, and copyrights appropriateness of message given target audience and learning objectives Provide input on such things as names, business names or other data required for French content. Assist with other French production activities as required including locating French URLs, locating French manual page names, and identifying and capturing French screens. Work with the Translation Leads, Translation Group, the Learning Designers, the Learning Project Managers and in some cases our external translation vendor to implement required versions of French content and produce the French version Use a variety of web editing tools and templates to edit content and work with Senior Technical Writers, Publishers and Quality Assurance, Learning Content Management Leads to implement required changes and revisions to content in order to produce the final version of all content. Translation software knowledge – MemoQ (In the past manager found candidates mentioned MemoQ experience in resume but couldn’t talk to it) Must be completely fluent in French - reading, writing, speaking Tech savvy Banking background is an asset Translation memory software experience Bachelor’s Degree in French translation Dreamweaver experience Ability to multi-task and prioritize, meet deadlines Detail oriented Hard-working and self-motivated Takes ownership of work 
ScrapedJobID1401:
Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Work from home Monday to Friday Revit: 3 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1402:
Business Development: Develop and maintain contact with top decision makers at key clients in your sector; work closely with Deloitte industry and account leaders in your chosen industry to integrate IA propositions; organize and lead IA pursuit teams; lead, participate and win proposals. Client Management: Manage day-to-day interactions with executive clients and sponsors; define, educate and embed IA principles and solutions at clients. Engagement Management: Lead IT engagement teams; complete project planning and budgeting; define deliverable structure and content; facilitate buy-in of proposed solutions from all levels at the client; direct on-time, quality delivery of work products; manage engagement economics; manage engagement risk; manage diverse teams within an inclusive team culture where people are recognized for their contribution. Practice Development & Eminence: Develop IA practical solutions, Proof of Concepts and methodologies; develop IA thought leadership and point-of-view documents; participate in public speaking and events in your industry. People Development: Perform role of people leader and coach; provide input and guidance into the staffing process; actively participate in IA staff recruitment and retention activities; provide leadership and support for IA delivery teams and staff in local offices. Solid delivery experience with intelligent automation projects, including with Robotic Process Automation, Business Process Management and Artificial Intelligence solutions (or other technology-enabled transformation programs/projects) with large budgets and strategic impact, particularly in your chosen industry sector Provided advisory and implementation expertise to clients including use case and business case development for disruptor based technologies A proven track record of successfully leading and managing teams, including performance management, coaching and mentoring Managed stakeholders using clear communications and formed strong client relationships Knowledge and understanding of how Intelligent Automation technologies are driving change across your chosen industry and market, and address organizational challenges Designed and/or delivered automation centers of excellence (CoE) and operating models (desirable) Strong commercial and project management skills Worked independently and managed multiple task assignments Relevant consulting or industry experience Worked within an agile delivery environment; experience/certification in delivering change initiatives in an agile way is a plus Managed junior resources both on a project and day-to-day basis, including the quality assurance of client deliverables Worked effectively within an inclusive team and actively supported the development of individuals and teams, both formally and informally Eligibility for Canadian security clearances preferred You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID1403:
Post-secondary education and/or equivalent applicable IT experience At least 5 years related working experience preferably in the Mutual Funds/Financial Services industry Strong knowledge of , both Agile and Waterfall In depth knowledge of the fund industry legislation and regulations - Nice to have Strong written and verbal communication skills Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills Strong time-management and prioritizing abilities Clear understanding of the software development life cycle, and testing practices and procedures Knowledge of Mainframe MVS (COBOL and SAS) or M204 (Model 204) is required. Canadian Securities Course and/or Canadian Investment Funds Operations Course are nice to have Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID1404:
Post-secondary education or equivalent. Completion or enrollment in a Quality Technician-related course from a recognized college. Minimum 1 year in the Automotive Field. Previous exposure to Quality Assurance systems and requirements an asset. Organizational skills. Communication skills. Interpersonal skills. Work well in a team environment or individually. Basic computer skills. AIAG Core Tools. Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing. Business Operating and Quality System. Problem Reporting System. Customer Specific Requirements. Basic understanding of CMM and perceptron. Basic facilitating skills. Basic auditing skills. Manufacturing process. IATF 16949. Measuring equipment (micrometers, calipers, indicators, and height gauges). Problem solving. Perform all duties and promote themselves in a manner that reflects Formet Expectations and Formet’s Visions/Values through Magna’s Employee Charter. Follow and abide by all government, Legal, Magna and Formet rules and regulations. Contribute to continuous improvement and cost reduction activities. Support the QEC’s on new and existing programs. Generating and up keep of Inspection Data Sheets, Visual Aids, Fixture Instructions and EPC’s. Support Buy-off’s when required internal and at integrators. Audit the First-Off / Mid-Off processes, and set up verifications to ensure it is being done correctly. Initiate and coordinate problem reports and containments. Up keep of gauges and Checking Fixtures. Perform capability / reliability studies as required. Keep product cleaned up in quarantine and MDR’s are completed. Participate in problem solving activities. Participate in Product, System and Process Audits as required. Archive completed Inspection Data and Set Up Sheets. Be dedicated to generating and or assisting in PPAP packages when required. Audit and approve Special Material Requests and reworked material when required. Assist in the training of production personnel in all quality requirements when needed. Maintain a sound understanding of customers product and engineering specifications. Take initiative to follow through on completion of tasks / projects, PMR’s and CIP’s. Attend and or Champion quality meetings when requested. Cover for the Team Leader and or other Technicians if he/she is absent. Provide support to all Departments for quality related issues. Perform other duties as designated. Overtime after 40 hours per week. Shift premiums of $0.75/hour (afternoons) and $1.25/hour (nights) 2 weeks of paid vacation (3 weeks after 3 years) + 3 Personal Paid Holidays (PPH) + 2 half days. Medical and Dental Coverage. Plant wide Incentive Program – based on a number of factors, all members of our team receive an Incentive Bonus, if requirements are met. Magna Profit Sharing. Matched GRRSP. Company paid life insurance and AD&D coverage. Educational Assistance program. Subsidized Cafeteria. Work boot, safety glasses and custom molded earplug allowances. Weekly pay via direct deposit. Company paid uniforms (if you choose to use). Barbecues and Children’s Christmas Party. Roger’s cell phone plan available to Formet Team Members - $40.00 / month Employee discounts (new vehicle, amusement parks etc.) Standard office equipment. Measuring gauges. Quality software. Office and Manufacturing Environments. Able to work shift work. Able to be flexible in hours of work in order to meet internal/external customer requirements (scheduled and non-scheduled overtime shifts, etc.). Responsible to adhere to all Health and Safety programs in accordance with the O.H.S.A. Follow and ensure the company’s procedures regarding safety rules and regulations are followed throughout the plant. Ensure that you work and operate equipment according to Formet’s safety rules and regulations. Active role in maintaining excellent housekeeping through leading by example. Ensure that your department is clean, tidy, organized and a safe workplace at all times. As with Safety, Security is everyone’s responsibility and Formet requires its employees to contribute to this activity by immediately notifying your supervisor when you identify security issues that affect the integrity of our supply chain, in accordance with PIP (Partners in Protection) and C-TPAT (Customs – Trade Partnership Against Terrorism) requirements. 
ScrapedJobID1405:
8 hour shift Quality Assurance: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1406:
Proven work experience in software quality assurance Demonstrable knowledge of software test automation Strong familiarity with software QA methodologies, tools, and processes Experience in writing clear, concise, and comprehensive test plans and test cases Hands-on experience with both white box and black box testing Hands-on experience with automated testing tools Solid knowledge of basic SQL scripting (e.g. SELECT, JOIN, WHERE) Prior work with one or more of: Selenium, Appium, XCode, Visual Studio Coded UI, Java, Java Script, Test NG, or Ghost Inspector Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process BSc degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related subject Experience with Fusion, Cucumber Framework is a plus Experience with performance and/or security testing is a plus Review requirements, specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases Estimate, prioritize, plan and coordinate testing activities Design, develop and execute automation scripts using open source tools Identify, record, document thoroughly and track bugs Perform thorough regression testing when bugs are resolved Develop and apply testing processes for new and existing products to meet client needs 
ScrapedJobID1407:
Monday to Friday Banking: 2 years (required) quality assurance: 2 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID1408:
Writes technology and SOPs and work instructions and maintains the master documents in a filing system Plans, organizes, and evaluates the activities and operations of ERP and associated technology Review ERP issues with various departments and assist in determining potential impact based on knowledge of application Becomes corporate ‘super user’ of ERP system specifically in manufacturing aspect Provide input on corrective measure to be taken and provide clarification on technology requirements Responsible for scheduling necessary upgrades, creating/modifying test methods as required and maintaining maintenance schedule Coordinate and conduct internal Technology audits Develops and maintains project plans to support all technology and Administration activities Provide assistance and be a go to level 1 support Provide ‘help-desk” type for “level 2” escalated issues for the ERP system Self educate continually on Company manufacturing process Backup resource for other ERP superusers in various departments University degree in Computer Science & Programming 5+ years of working in Programmer/Analyst and Technology focused role Extensive experience in working with ERP/MRP/CRM systems. Several years of experience working with programs such as PHP, Java, Visual Basic Studio (C#/ C++) Experience working with database management programs such as SQL/MySQL including XML and XSL technologies Experienced in creation of End User Documentation and Standard Operating Procedure Experience with Quality Assurance and Software Testing Ability to work under pressure with simultaneous deadlines Excellent problem solving, interpersonal, and organization skills Dental care Extended health care On-site parking 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Do you have a University degree in Computer Science and/ or Programming? Do you have experience working with programs such as PHP, Java, Visual Basic Studio (C#/ C++)? Programming: 5 years (preferred) IT: 5 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1409:
Performs analysis and design duties as well as programming, modelling and scripting, testing, documentation and deployment preparation. Coordinates and prepares needs analysis and detailed component design. Conducts user interviews to determine detailed systems requirements. Completes preliminary analysis, system and functional design, workflow diagrams for quality systems development. Prepares front-end prototypes and mockups of user interface. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains shared JavaScript libraries and components. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains HTML5 and hybrid mobile apps. Designs and develops systems that comply with access and privacy legislation. Coordinates and develops program specifications and documentation. Designs and conducts all levels of testing i.e. unit, system, integration, regression, performance, security, usability, optimization/configuration and coordinates user acceptance testing. Liaises and coordinates with internal and external consultants in detailed systems deliverables and technical problem resolution. Implements enterprise in-house developed/custom/packaged systems, component releases, and systems changes. Tests integrated systems to ensure system compatibility and proper functional integration. Provides application maintenance and enhancement including implementation of vendor systems fixes and patches. Conducts quality assurance on departmental and external developments. Develops systems interfaces between enterprise and divisional systems. Performs information and application data conversions. Provides development support to users by providing technical assistance and troubleshooting. Provides documentation and instruction/training to users of the system. Designs and develops application security interfaces to enable clients in controlling and administering access to their systems. Provides expertise, advice and technical skills for information and application service delivery. Conducts research and evaluation of hardware/software/framework and makes recommendations. Recommends, presents and demonstrates system solutions to City management and corporate business clients. Conducts presentations, system demonstrations and system walk-throughs at project review meetings. Participates as a team member in the execution of project plans providing technical expertise and advice re: architecture, development tools, work effort estimates. Contributes to project charters, statements of work and project plans, project status reports and variance explanations, risk identification and mitigation planning. Conducts research, investigates and recommends best practices for information and application services. Contributes to post-implementation project reviews. Recommends improvements to current methodologies, processes, standards, policies and guidelines. Contributes in planning of future system growth and provides detailed work plans. Participates in enterprise projects. Conducts feasibility studies. Contribute to business cases, RFI/P/Q's, technical reports by researching and participating in evaluations and recommending solutions. Determines user training needs. Extensive experience in business system analysis, rapid application development and programming in a large, diverse computing environment. Extensive experience in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, and Bootstrap Extensive experience in using REST APIs, including JSON and XML APIs Experience creating program specifications and code documents including use cases, business process models, swimlane process, entity relationship diagrams, class and component models Experience developing and/or maintaining large scale information technology applications Experience in working effectively with a group of multidisciplinary staff in a project team setting. Post-secondary education in computer science or a related discipline, or the approved equivalent combination of education and/or experience. Ability to effectively communicate orally and in writing. Strong inter-personal skills with the ability to work effectively as a member of a team, collaboratively with others in multidisciplinary team environment and work independently, as required. Ability to be self-motivated and work with minimal supervision. Ability to negotiate effective resolution of conflicting business priorities with corporate business Strong analytical, problem solving, listening and interacting skills. Demonstrated business acumen to establish and maintain effective consulting relationships with corporate clients and vendors, using a strong customer service orientation. Ability to work with competing demands, prioritize and meet deadlines. Knowledge of hybrid mobile apps development and Cordova is an asset. Knowledge of current and emerging technologies relating to data warehousing, e-service, quality assurance tools, data retention and document management/imaging. Experience in the following is an asset: Java, iOS mobile app development, Android mobile app development, OData, SAP Fiori, SAP UI5, SharePoint 2013, Oracle PL/SQL, Software AG WebMethods, web communication, Scrum rapid application development methodology. Ability to be on call for support of production systems. Willing to work flexible hours including days, afternoons, nights and weekends, as required. 
ScrapedJobID1410:
Assist in development and organization of written SOPs and in-house quality programs. Monitor and verify routinely all aspects of production; takes corrective actions when necessary. Review labels and raw material documentation prior to their release into inventory. Ensure compliance with all specific regulatory requirements (Food, NHP, and Dairy), Health & Safety, and company policies. Maintain current files on all Food, Natural Health Products, and export regulations. Prepare documentation and apply for regulatory permit / certificates / documentation required for exports. Ensure compliance with all aspects of HACCP program and GMPs: sanitation, pest control, sampling, microbiological and chemical food safety, hygiene, product specification, in-house SOP’s. Work on stability studies and perform micro testing. Troubleshoot QC issues that deal with production and blending using defined processes as well as brainstorm with the team, providing suggestions for solutions that contain the appropriate levels of risk. Perform tasks assigned by QA Manager in relation to: product research, program set-up, process capability studies, product, system audits, and other relevant tasks. Taste testing and completing other tests ensuring accurate recording of all test data, & evaluation of findings. Reports using the computer, and reporting process deviations and product failures, assisting in investigations and development of solutions. Assists the Quality Assurance Manager in developing and improving quality system procedures as required. Perform testing, data generation, and data analysis as necessary, through the use & knowledge of statistical problem-solving techniques. Conduct relevant physical and sensory testing on ingredients, raw materials, and finished product. Conduct in-process quality control checks, sampling, monitoring, and finished product inspection as required. Evaluate co-packed finished product to ensure conformance to standards and specifications. May assist with research and development of new products. Other duties as assigned. Must have completed successfully BCIT Food Technology Diploma or Bachelor Degree in Food Science. Prior 1-2 years’ experience working in a Food Manufacturing environment will be given priority consideration. This position involves taste testing products regularly throughout the shift. Must have no allergies to dust and common food allergens, including but not limited to eggs, dairy, whey, nuts, sulfites, & dust Should have previous experience with CFIA and NHP regulations; must be HACCP-proficient Must have CSA Steel toed boots Strongly organized detailed analytical thinker, with mathematical and/or scientific skills Capable of preparing reports and offering product/method recommendations Excellent interpersonal and communication skills (both written and verbal), with the let’s-get-it-done attitude Strong computer skills in Microsoft Office, nutrient database, statistical software; should have knowledge of Excel Incumbent work shift hours may be subjected to change with notice. Bonus pay Overtime pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Discounted or free food Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Profit sharing Tuition reimbursement Vision care 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1411:
In conjunction with the Partners and Managers, plan and conduct full audit, review and compilation engagements. Provide corporate and personal tax preparation, compliance and advisory services. Provide leadership and supervision, as well as assist in the training and development of junior staff. Strong knowledge of assurance and accounting standards. Exceptional written and oral communication skills; bilingualism is considered an asset. Superior client relationship management abilities and commitment to excellence. Experience preparing working paper files using Caseware/Caseview, Taxprep, and MS Word and Excel software. Acquisition of the CPA, CA designation or current CPA Candidate Minimum 2 years progressive experience in a public accounting firm. Keen organizational and time management skills. Overtime pay Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Wellness program Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID1412:
Defining and delivering the strategy, plan and implementation of the overall Engineering Solution for the Product. Defining the System development life cycle and defining the process, practices and tools applicable to the product based on the BL / Domain reference system and tailored based on specific constraints Writing the SEMP, organize co-engineering and approving the lower level solution elements engineering plans including those flow down to subcontractors and partners in the frame of the engineering work-packages Directing and providing overall technical and engineering leadership to the team assigned to the product to deliver the Engineering solution to time, cost and quality; this will be done through the accurate measurement of progress on the project using the proper Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) Managing Risks and Opportunities for all product activities Ensuring that the Engineering Processes, practices and tools are applied correctly and appropriately on the product to company, legislative, regulatory and international standards, as defined in the associate product plans Leading the interfacing with the Engineering teams of the client and other external Engineering parties to ensure that the integration and migration of the overall Engineering solution within its infrastructure and associated product is achieved Ensuring that the Product’s Design and other Technical Certification is coordinated, complete and consistent with the delivered and can be provided to projects Management of change, variation, risk and opportunity, recovery and acceleration as it affects the delivery of the Engineering solution with the Product Line Manager Overseeing the development of cost and time estimates for product activities to meet business and project objectives Ensuring that any Corrective Actions and Observations related to the engineering delivery and solution are closed in a timely and complete manner Defining the Engineering skills needed for the product and working with the Engineering Functional Teams to ensure that the Product’s team are competent, developed to their full potential, mobilized and released in a timely and planned manner Ensuring that the Engineering Performance Plan, as defined at Company level, is properly deployed in the Product Monitoring competitiveness KPIs, and leading corrective actions when required Supporting capitalization activities for the product as well as lessons learned Contributing to the Quality Assurance activities by ensuring visibility on the engineering work packages for the product QAM Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent Minimum of 3 years experience managing safety critical software development Must have 3 to 5 years in Rail and Signaling or other related safety critical industry Needs 3 to 5 years of experience managing cross functional teams Should have 1 to 3 years experience managing schedules and budgets Over 5 years experience in Rail and Signaling PMP is an asset Knowledge of MS project, Primavera or other scheduling tools 
ScrapedJobID1413:
Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise Stationnement sur place Travail à Distance 8 Heures DEP/ AEC ou Certificat (Souhaité) Compétences informatique: 2 ans (Souhaité) Français (Obligatoire) Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1414:
Contribute to quality control by reviewing analytical procedures, procedure forms, or other related documentation to assigned studies. Follow and ensure the application of GLP, SOPs, special procedures and health and safety rules on their assigned studies. Perform and review tabulation of results and participate in writing the study report. Collaborate with the Scientist to compile and assemble study deliverables in an audit ready state for submission to the Quality Assurance department (QA) and answer QA findings. Preparing or revision of the study summary (e.g. MQS, MVS) when required. Perform all other related duties as assigned. DEC in sciences or AEC An equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered an acceptable substitute for the specific education and experience listed above. Be able to work as part of a team. Have a positive attitude, good interpersonal relationships and professionalism. Adapt to changes. Actively participate in departmental meetings to improve performance and quality. Good understanding of Microsoft Office software and data generating software used in the department relevant to their role. Minimum of 3 weeks’ vacation ; Paid sick / personal days ; Paid overtime ; Competitive benefits starting from day one (health and dental coverage) ; Access to a savings and retirement program including an employer contribution ; Free, unlimited, and confidential access to health care professionals for you and your family, through telemedicine app ; Employee Assistance Programs ; Tuition reimbursement program ; Employee Activities ; Volunteering Program (paid day) ; Employee referral bonuses ; Relocation assistance ; Career advancement opportunities and training ; A recognition program ; Positive Company Values & Culture ; Shuttle service from the Sainte-Anne-de Bellevue train station and from John Abbott College to the Senneville site ; Free parking. 
ScrapedJobID1415:

ScrapedJobID1416:
The Program Manager will support the planning and implementation of an ongoing project Key areas of focus for the Program Manager include planning and coordinating engagements with key stakeholders/partners, tracking and managing projects towards defined milestones; and supporting research, planning, and development of project deliverables. Develop, maintain and monitor project plans, project schedules, budgets and expenditures across the various project workstreams Organize, attend and participate in project meetings leveraging experience working on technology & business projects Ensure documentation of business & technical requirements, action items and decisions in project meetings Follow up on actions items and decisions from meetings Prepare and distribute minutes to all project team members Prepare status reports and materials for meetings Planning - Planning the project, Planning the meetings Leading - Leading meetings, Leading project initiatives Encouraging and inspiring - Recognizing successes, Rewarding hard work Communicating - Reporting on project progress and status: Communicating with team leaders and stakeholders Executing – Understanding project life cycle; understanding of the project management process, allocating resource, Keep the project within the budget Team building - Hold regular team status meetings Encourage team bonding that encourage individual teams to work together towards a productive solution regarding the project, focusing on areas like better turnaround times, better communication, etc.). Monitoring - Monitor the progress that’s being made; Address roadblocks /risks Presenting - Hold retrospective meetings, Hold regular stakeholder meetings Managing time- Develop reasonable task schedules with contingencies Revisit your project schedule regularly Documenting - Creating proper project documentation, Proper documentation organization Experience building and maintaining project plans for business & technology projects (e.g., systems implementation) Experience gathering and documenting business & technical requirements Knowledge of software development methodologies (e.g., agile, waterfall) Leadership skills Effective communication Planning and strategic thinking Team management Time management and scheduling Task management skills Risk mitigation Expert negotiation skills 
ScrapedJobID1417:

ScrapedJobID1418:
Provide the necessary expert engineering advice and recommendations to the Engineering Manager for decision and guidance Evaluate existing electrical design to accommodate retrofits, modifications and improvements. Contribute to the development of conceptual, preliminary and detailed design of Electrical Systems. Prepare design documents, design requirements, design descriptions, technical specifications, tendering documents, standards, procedures and analyses reports. Review and/or recommend technical specification for Electrical equipment, tests, and processes/procedures. Provide engineering support during the construction, installation and commissioning project phases. Provide subject matter expert review and acceptance of designs prepared by outside agencies. Supervise technical staff and/or Junior Staff. Develop engineering specifications and standards facilitating a consistent design approach. Ability to work effectively in a multidisciplinary team and interact with staff at various levels of the organization. Able to work independently and as a member of a team to complete the required task. Able to interpret design drawings, documents, data collected from field visits and client’s needs. Able to develop innovative and safe solutions to Electrical Engineering challenges that may arise during the field season. Safe compensatory measures also need to be part of the solution portfolio. Able to carry out research as to codes and standards to apply, materials to use and procedures to use in the design. Capable of supervising technicians and acting as mentor to junior engineers. Able to interpret client’s needs and make recommendations as to alternatives to satisfy the need and the recommended solution and prepare the final solution (design, report). Devises new approaches, applies existing criteria in new manners and draws conclusions from comparative situations. Recommendations are normally accepted as technically accurate and feasible. Bachelor (Honours) degree in Electrical Engineering from a recognized university. Member of a provincial professional engineering association (e.g., PEO). Sound knowledge of Electrical engineering and more than ten (10) years of significant related experience Supervisory and project management experience. Experienced in the technical procurement process, including supplier qualification reviews, bid evaluations, review and acceptance of technical deliverables; and monitoring contractor performance vs. technical specifications. Experience in Design of electrical distribution systems, medium and low voltage power supply systems; alarm systems; lighting and grounding systems, cables testing, etc. Experience in electrical power studies (e.g. load flow, short circuit, coordination and arc flash) using power studies software (preferably ETAP). Ability to exercise sound judgment in technical matters, to routinely solve technical problems and to make independent decisions. Demonstrated performance in providing engineering oversight to various sizes of jobs. Excellent oral and written English communication skills; previous experience making technical presentations to small and large audiences. Demonstrated effective team leadership and team-building skills. Able to use computer programs, WORD, EXCEL. Knowledge of Design Engineering practices, organization and quality assurance processes, Engineering Change Control and Configuration Management. Excellent knowledge of CNL's engineering practices, organization and quality management program is an asset. Demonstrated knowledge of CSA N286/N285 quality standards. Knowledge of radiation protection (RP) standards and RP practices. Company pension Extended health care Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID1419:
Work with the Development Lead with all aspects of software design and coding Design, write and maintain units of coded functionality Assist the project Manager in project estimation and planning Work on bug fixes Apply problem solving techniques and technical knowledge to ensure best results for the client engagement Prepare and deliver domain best practice/product capability presentations Liaise with team members, client representatives and software vendors (as applicable) to ensure a quality project deliverables Develop an understanding of IBM Cúram Social Program Management software and Diona's mobility solution Present a professional and knowledgeable image of Diona to customers Work within the project team to ensure that the project technical standards are properly applied Present a professional and knowledgeable image of Diona to customers Has excellent written and verbal communication skills 1-2 + years of experience in Software Development Experience working with Java, JEE and associated technologies Knowledge of front-end web technologies (HTML, CSS, JavaScript) Knowledge of relational and non-SQL databases Familiarity with Web Services (SOAP and REST) Knowledge of server-side JavaScript (Node.js) would be an advantage Understanding of software development lifecycles In-depth understanding of the entire development process, including specification, documentation, and quality assurance Computer Science degree or equivalent from recognized institutes Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Stock options Tuition reimbursement Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday For security clearance purposes for our client project, we can only consider individuals whom have resided in Canada for 5+ continuous years. Have you resided in Canada for 5+ years? Bachelor's Degree (required) professional software development: 2 years (required) professional JAVA: 1 year (required) 
ScrapedJobID1420:
Retirement savings plan with employer contribution Career and professional development Mentoring and sponsorship Ongoing development (Access to IBM training and certifications and more) Wellness account Telemedicine Flexible work schedule Even more benefits! Participate in the writing or validation of certain preliminary analyses and detailed architecture deliverables. Support, as needed, project teams with clients in the development of the requirements definition; Design and provide instructions for the business solution architecture and implementation approach. Act as a reference person for the documentation to be produced, based on the standard used at DGSAT, i.e., Macroscope. Participate in the development of integration test plans. Participate in activities such as quality assurance and verification of products or services. Resolve outstanding issues related to the business solution architecture. Ensure that the deadlines for the mandates under his/her responsibility are met. Validate functional analysis and test deliverables. Validate test strategies. Validate functional analysis and test deliverables; Validate test strategies; Ensure that test sets are realistic and represent actual production data. Validate load tests in collaboration with other members of the development team. Participate in follow-up meetings with the development team and report on progress, possible solutions, and/or problems that could compromise the project's schedule or completion. Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent. 8 years of experience in the IT field. 5 years in the functional architecture of web information applications. 2 years in a development methodology, either Green Guide or Macroscope. 2 years of practical experience in Agile development methodologies. 1 year with the use of modeling tools such as MS Visio OR Enterprise Architect; for the design of standardized diagrams (example UML). Casual dress Commuter benefits Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Stock options Store discount Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Software Development: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1421:
Work with customers inside and outside of the organization, using your finely-tuned relationship building abilities to develop primary relationships with asset operation leaders, acting as their go-to person for the duration of their team’s interaction with Cetaris. Work closely with implementation, training, and our field support specialists to provide integrated end-to-end care for a seamless customer care experience from implementation and go-live through to effective daily use of our software. Resolve support incidents independently in customers’ environments including interrelated hardware, software, network communication, and 3rd party application issues. Effectively manage your time to prioritize and achieve closure on multiple customer requests. Communicate how our applications can be applied to satisfy changes in customers’ business processes. Interact with product teams, articulating customers’ requests as input towards future product design and supporting the overall quality assurance effort. Contribute to the development of product training videos, Help system, and knowledge base articles as part of the online training end users can access. 1-2 years’ experience supporting core users on computer software, ideally business applications. Demonstrated excellence in customer relations skills on phone and on-line. Dedication to tracking detail, consistent delivery of standards, and outstanding follow up ability. Strong verbal and written communication skills to articulate complex concepts in user-friendly terms, precisely and efficiently capture user requests, and develop knowledge base content. Resourceful and collaborative, you engage other team members in timely resolution of customer needs. Experience in the transportation / logistics industry Accounting knowledge: general ledger, cost centers as applied to different business cases, etc. Microsoft SQL Server 2016 and above Supporting applications written in Microsoft .NET Framework, .NET Core, and HTML5/CSS/Javascript Bilingual French/English or working knowledge of French Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday On call Weekend availability Are you legally authorized to work in Canada? software customer support: 1 year (required) writing end user content: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1422:
3-5 years experience in delivering cloud-based solutions Web application development and API development with Java frameworks such as Play Framework for Springboot Skills in Javascript / REST / JSON and related technologies Skills in React-Native HTML5 + CSS experience Familiarity with build tools incl. XCode, Gradle, Android Studio Programming skills to implement algorithms and integrate them into existing systems able to communicate clearly both verbally and in writing. strong analytical and mathematical skills able to learn and adapt quickly Casual dress Company events Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Stock options Work from home 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID1423:
Responsible for the execution of the Configuration Management based on the Configuration Maintain Configuration Management (CM) database. Review and recommend improvements to existing CM processes. Maintain data quality, integrity, and security of CM database. Maintain proper version controls of software deliverables. Oversee the delivery of software applications in test and deployment environments. Analyze configuration issues and propose appropriate resolutions. Implement CM database and strategy (first); Software: ClearQuest UCM and Clear Case UCM Identify any process requirements that need to be imposed on participating subcontractors, such as configuration management requirements, reporting of risks, and reporting of measures and measurement analysis. Change management, including any planned configuration control boards, regular and emergency change requests; and procedures for change management Define the archive and retrieval approach for configuration items, configuration management artifacts and data Excellent technical, organizational, managerial and planning skills. Working knowledge of contract language and legal requirements of contracts. Advanced knowledge of construction methods, materials and legal regulations. Ability to work independently and as part of a team. Ability to liaise with professionals from various engineering disciplines. Ability to work under pressure and meet tight timelines. Provide technical advice on safe designs and construction. Ability to identify and analyze problems and provide solutions. Attention to detail. Engineering degree (electrical preferred) 10-15 years of experience in the rail industry – experience of the used technology of Skytrain of Vancouver preferred 5 years of experience in Configuration Management or a related discipline. Familiar with railway standards such as CENELEC (ISO 15288). Experience with ISO 10007 (Quality Management - Guidelines for Configuration Management). Position Profile Strong understanding of design processes, engineering management principles, safe construction work practices, and records management systems. Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal. The candidate will be expected to communicate and negotiate with external and internal stakeholders, and suppliers. Must maintain constructive and cooperative working relationships. Ability to work with minimal supervision. Must be self-motivated to achieve desired objectives through deliberate planning and execution of work tasks: defining scope of activities, setting priorities, evaluating, and managing risks and monitoring performance. General computer literacy in word processing, spreadsheet, and database applications; proficient in Microsoft Office, including Excel, Word and Outlook Options. Experience with requirements management tools (DOORS NG) Extended health care Paid time off 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Information Technology: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1424:
Proven work experience in software quality assurance Demonstrable knowledge of software test automation Strong familiarity with software QA methodologies, tools, and processes Experience in writing clear, concise, and comprehensive test plans and test cases Hands-on experience with both white box and black box testing Hands-on experience with automated testing tools Solid knowledge of basic SQL scripting (e.g. SELECT, JOIN, WHERE) Prior work with one or more of: Selenium, Appium, XCode, Visual Studio Coded UI, Java, Java Script, Test NG, or Ghost Inspector Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process BSc degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related subject Experience with Fusion, Cucumber Framework is a plus Experience with performance and/or security testing is a plus Review requirements, specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured test plans and test cases Estimate, prioritize, plan and coordinate testing activities Design, develop and execute automation scripts using open source tools Identify, record, document thoroughly and track bugs Perform thorough regression testing when bugs are resolved Develop and apply testing processes for new and existing products to meet client needs 
ScrapedJobID1425:
Experience building rich web applications using modern JavaScript frameworks. Capable of breaking down large projects into small pieces Committed to delivering high quality, well-tested code Familiar with a unit-testing framework such as Jest, Mocha, or Qunit Committed to building products that everyone can use Effective collaboration skills — able to communicate with managers, designers, back-end engineers, UI-engineer peers, quality-assurance testers, and your UX peers. Able to balance multiple goals — privacy, performance, maintainability, and more — to deliver a high-quality product in a short time-frame Enjoy learning new skills and technologies Full-stack development experience is helpful but not required 
ScrapedJobID1426:
Régime d’épargne retraite avec contribution de l’employeur Cheminement de carrière et développement professionnel Mentorat et parrainage Perfectionnement continu (Accès aux formations et certifications IBM et plus) Compte mieux-être Télémédecine Horaire de travail flexible Encore plus d’avantages sociaux! Participer à la rédaction ou la validation de certains livrables d’analyses préliminaires et d’architecture détaillée; Accompagner les clients lors de l'élaboration et la définition de leurs besoins; Rédiger et/ou modifier des livrables d'analyses fonctionnelles et d'essais; Participer à l'élaboration des plans d'essai d'intégration; S'assurer du respect des échéanciers des mandats à sa charge ; S’assurer que les jeux d’essais soient réalistes et représentent les données réelles de production; Valider les essais de charge en collaboration avec les autres membres de l’équipe de réalisation; Participer aux rencontres de suivi de l'équipe de réalisation et faire part de son niveau d'avancement, d'avenues de solution et/ou de problèmes pouvant compromettre les échéanciers ou la réalisation du projet; Concevoir et proposer des instructions pour la réalisation de la solution logicielle afin de soutenir les programmeurs; Réaliser toutes documentations pertinentes, propres à son domaine d’expertise, selon les normes et standards du Ministère (méthodologie Macroscope); S’assurer de fournir un travail de qualité pour l’ensemble des travaux réalisés; Contribuer à la gestion des carnets de produits (« backlogs ») et des récits (« stories ») selon la philosophie de projet Scrum/Agile en place au Ministère; Travailler en équipe avec des pratiques Agiles (scrum, kanban, DevOps, etc.); Soutenir le chargé de projet et/ou coordonnateur dans le cadre de la préparation et la coordination des plans de travail requis pour l’exécution des travaux; Supporter les pilotes lors de la réalisation des essais d’acceptations. Détenir un diplôme universitaire de premier cycle dans le domaine des technologies de l’information ou son équivalent. Posséder 5 années d’expérience professionnelle dans les technologies de l’information, dont 3 années d’expérience comme analyste fonctionnel dans un environnement en développement d’applications Web dans un environnement d’envergure. Avoir participé à deux 2 mandats dans lesquelles ont été appliqués les principes de la méthodologie de réalisation Agile. Posséder 3 années d’expérience dans la réalisation de biens livrables d’analyse avec une méthodologie de développement (Macroscope) ou autre méthodologie reconnue (par exemple : P+, Guide vert et RUP (Rational Unified process). Posséder deux 2 années d’expérience avec l'utilisation du SGBD relationnel telle que Microsoft SQL Server. Maîtrise du français à l'oral et l'écrit. Retirement savings plan with employer contribution Career and professional development Mentoring and sponsorship Ongoing development (Access to IBM training and certifications and more) Wellness account Telemedicine Flexible work schedule Even more benefits! Participate in the drafting or validation of certain deliverables of preliminary analyzes and detailed architecture. Support clients during the development and definition of their needs. Write and / or modify deliverables of functional analyzes and tests. Participate in the development of integration test plans. Ensure that the deadlines for the mandates under his charge are respected. Ensure that the test cases are realistic and represent actual production data. Validate load tests in collaboration with other members of the production team. Participate in follow-up meetings with the production team and report on its level of progress, possible solutions and / or problems that could compromise the deadlines or the completion of the project. Design and propose instructions for the realization of the software solution in order to support the programmers. Produce all relevant documentation, specific to its area of expertise, according to the norms and standards of the Ministry (Macroscope methodology); Make sure to provide quality work for all the work carried out. Contribute to the management of product backlogs and stories according to the Scrum / Agile project philosophy. Work in a team with Agile practices (scrum, kanban, DevOps, etc.) Support the project manager and / or coordinator in the preparation and coordination of the work plans required for the execution of the work. Support the pilots during the performance of acceptance tests. Undergraduate university degree in the field of information technology or its equivalent. Have 5 years of professional experience in information technology, including 3 years of experience as a functional analyst in a web application development environment in a large environment. Have participated in two 2 mandates in which the principles of the Agile implementation methodology were applied. Have 3 years of experience in the realization of analytical deliverables with a development methodology (Macroscope) or other recognized methodology (for example: P +, Green Guide and RUP (Rational Unified process). Have two 2 years of experience using relational DBMS such as Microsoft SQL Server. Fluency in oral and written French Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise Horaires flexibles Options d'Achats d'Actions Programme d'Aide aux Employés Programmes de Bien-être REER Collectif Tenue Décontractée Du Lundi au Vendredi Quart de jour DEP/ AEC ou Certificat (Obligatoire) TI: 5 ans (Obligatoire) Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1427:
Comptabiliser les factures dans le système People Soft Répartir les coûts entre les divisions (répartir les montants de certaines factures qui sont attribuables aux autres divisions et s'assurer de recharger le montant correspondant) S’assurer de la résolution des problèmes relatifs aux factures incomplètes Concilier les écarts entre les biens et services commandés, la réception et la facturation (match exception) Concilier les états de comptes des fournisseurs Concilier les comptes inter-compagnie et les auxiliaires. Faire le suivi de la résolution des litiges avec le comptable concerné Valider le rapport de frais courus Balancer la fin du mois Donner un service de qualité à nos clients internes, en répondant à leurs questions et en effectuant diverses analyses Répondre aux questions des fournisseurs en provenance du centre d’appels par le biais de recherches dans le système Autres tâches connexes Diplôme d’étude collégiale ou expérience pertinente Minimum 2 ans d’expérience Connaissance du cycle d'approvisionnement et des exigences provinciales et fédérales en matière de fiscalité un sérieux atout Bonne capacité d'analyse Connaissance des logiciels Office (Outlook, Excel, Word) Bilinguisme français/anglais La possibilité de profiter d’un milieu de travail dynamique et hautement stimulant où vous pourrez faire votre marque et mener une carrière impressionnante. Des occasions de perfectionnement où votre avis compte. Une rémunération concurrentielle, un régime de retraite et des avantages souples que vous pouvez personnaliser selon vos besoins et ceux de votre famille. Des avantages pour les employés, comme des réductions auprès de fournisseurs de divers produits et services, y compris des assurances, des forfaits de données, des voyages et plus Post invoices in the People Soft system Allocate costs between divisions (allocate the amounts of certain invoices that are attributable to other divisions and ensure that the corresponding amount is charged back) Ensure resolution of issues related to incomplete invoices Reconcile discrepancies between goods and services ordered, receipt and invoicing (match exception) Reconcile vendor statements Reconcile inter-company and auxiliary accounts. Follow up on the resolution of disputes with the relevant accountant Validate the accrual report Balance the end of the month Provide quality service to our internal clients by answering their questions and performing various analyses Respond to supplier questions from the call center through system searches Other related tasks College diploma or relevant experience Minimum 2 years of experience Knowledge of the procurement cycle and provincial / federal tax requirements a strong asset Good analytical skills Knowledge of Office software (Outlook, Excel, Word) Bilingualism French/English Opportunity to be part of a dynamic and highly motivating work environment where you can develop your potential and launch an exciting career. Development opportunities where your input makes a difference. A competitive compensation package, pension and flexible benefits that are customizable to you and your family needs. Employee perks such as discounts from suppliers on various products and services such as insurance, wireless bundles, travel, and much more. Du Lundi au Vendredi Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1428:
Monday to Friday Banking: 2 years (required) quality assurance: 2 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID1429:
Hands on experience in native mobile automation development (Android and iOS) using Java and Appium Good understanding of core Java Hands on experience in API/Service testing using tools such as Parasoft SOATest, SoapUI, ReadyAPI, Postman Experience working with software delivery methodologies (Agile) Experience leveraging source code management tools, i.e., Git, BitBucket, GitHub Experience with BDD using Cucumber (Nice to have) Experience with Jenkins (Nice to have) Experience with HP ALM, JIRA and Confluence 8 hour shift Quality Assurance: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1430:
Deploy, maintain, and troubleshoot core business applications, including application servers, associated hardware, endpoints, and databases Meet and coordinate with internal and external stakeholders to establish project scope, system goals, and requirements Develop, analyze, prioritize, and organize requirement specifications, data mapping, diagrams, and flowcharts for developers and testers to follow Translate non-technical requirements into clear, highly technical specifications and vice versa Produce all low-level design for projects and the necessary documentation (i.e. UML class diagrams, table design, flows, program specs, etc.) Manage the set-up and configuration of systems Define and coordinate the execution of testing procedures, and develop test cases to serve the overall quality assurance process Provide documentation of all processes and training as needed Perform design and code reviews as needed Develop and implement maintenance procedures, monitor systems health, gather system statistics, and troubleshoot reported errors and alarms Implement best practices for scalability, supportability, ease of maintenance, and system performance 15+ years of experience with information technologies and systems analysis, ideally in the financial technology industry Bachelor's degree in computer science of information technology Patterns and Microservices are an asset MuleSoft is a big asset Expertise in the design, development and deployment of enterprise-level N-tier architecture in a Microsoft .Net Framework or Java Enterprise Edition platform. Proven ability to assess business needs and translate them into relevant solutions Proven experience in producing all low-level design for projects and the necessary documentation (i.e. UML class diagrams, table design, flows, program specs, etc.) Strong understanding and knowledge of the principles and practices associated with database maintenance and administration Experience installing, configuring, documenting, testing, training, and implementing new applications and systems Working knowledge of a wide variety of programming languages (specifically, experience in C# and JavaScript, working with RESTful APIs and with relational databases (SQL)) Experience in an Agile development environment 
ScrapedJobID1431:
Handling Virtualization Infrastructure and IT Infrastructure Migration with expertise in VMware, Windows, Compute, Storage, Disaster Recovery Planning Administration, Solution Design and Delivery Operations Building VMware virtual servers and physical servers with windows, VMware vSphere distributed switch and Cisco Nexus 1000v Handling performance tuning and capacity planning using various monitoring tools-vRealize Operations Manager (vRops), Splunk, VMware Log insight Installing, configuring, and troubleshooting VMware NSX appliance for setup including VMware vSphere Developing strategies to migrate Dev/Test/Production from an Enterprise VMware infrastructure to this IaaS Amazon Web Services (AWS) Cloud environment including runbook process and procedures. Comprehending Business Requirements, analyzing the Functional Specifications, Test scripts, Track, report and fixing Bugs. Handling all stages of Agile Methodology, SDLC, STLC and Defect Life Cycle. Developing and executing Test cases and Test Automation scripts with test case design techniques. Conferring with clients to identify and document requirements Conducting business and technical studies o Designing, developing, integrating, testing, and implementing information systems business solutions Providing advice on information systems strategy, policy, management, security and service delivery. Developing and implementing policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle to maximize the efficiency, effectiveness and overall quality of software products and information systems. Conducting independent third-party reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems. Two weeks of paid vacation The annual bonus of 10% depends on the performance Employees can have unpaid leave up to three months for any emergency and one-year unpaid leave for higher studies in a reputed University Knowledge in Datacenter and Server farm environment. Working experience with HP servers. Experience in high availability distributed resource scheduler and Resource Pools. Good knowledge of DevOps, AWS EC2, Azure VMs and Infrastructure as a Code. Ability to collect and document client requirements, map business requirements into technical activities to be performed. Ability to design, develop, integrate, test and implement the technical solutions, and provide inputs on strategy and network security policies. Ability to ensure the quality of the network and security patterns, build testing life cycle with experience in Agile methodologies and Jira or HP ALM. 2-4 years of experience in using VMWare Technology. 2-4 years of experience in Manual and automation testing. 1-2 years of experience in cloud technologies. Day shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1432:
Own the quality assurance process for both Android and iOS mobile apps Document test results manually and automatically Develop test automation scripts to increase quality, scale of testing, and perform stress testing Configure and maintain test utilities (hardware and software) Contribute to continuous improvement of engineering test processes Post secondary degree or diploma in computer systems or software development At least 5 years experience testing mobile applications (iOS and Android) and REST APIs & services 2 or more years writing automated tests for mobile applications using Appium or related tools At least 2 years of experience in scripting with any major programming language, Python preferred Focus, autonomy, meticulousness, perseverance, and organization Team player and person of integrity Experience in setting up a CI/CD pipeline for Android and iOS apps Experience working with device farms and simulators Knowledge of hardware, Bluetooth and communication protocol Knowledge of networking, UDP DTLS protocol and how to test Knowledge of the following tools: JMeter, Postman, Selenium, Jenkins Experience in software testing for frontend and backend server applications Knowledge of testing systems for cybersecurity Experience writing queries to communicate with SQL databases A modern work environment A flexible schedule Great health benefits RRSP with employer contribution Gym and game tables An Agile environment Do the right thing Have fun Play to win! Dental care Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match 8 hour shift Quality Assurance: 1 year (preferred) Mobile testing: 5 years (preferred) IOT: 2 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1433:
Our Digital Public Sector Transfer services team is growing, and we are looking for a Power Apps QA Tester to join our team and ensure that software meets business and design specifications and requirements Work for the Digital Public Sector Transfer team within Government and Public Sector Discover bugs within software, systems to check for issues Review user interfaces for consistency and functionality Ensure that software meets business and design specifications and requirements Build and maintain test environments and test data as needed Write and maintain detailed and effective test plans Federal government Secret Security Clearance level preferred, or ability to get secret clearance 1+ years of experience testing MS Power Apps 2+ years of experience as a QA Tester 
ScrapedJobID1434:
Experienced buyer members who are not making their first purchase; Co-borrowing members; Members outside Quebec; Multiplex buyers. Define the supervision, implementation and development of the various quality strategies of our teams. Wrote the testing strategy for the digital mortgage pre-approval project and coordinate its execution using a team of testers. Work in collaboration with the architecture and delivery professions to ensure that the various quality requirements (functional and non-functional) are taken care of from the outset. Intervene with management as a consultant to set up and interpret the various indicators on the quality of solutions. Represent the sector in terms of quality practice with other bodies of the Movement or outside the Movement. Document the technical and practical solutions to ensure the sustainability of the products. 
ScrapedJobID1435:
10 hour shift 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) civil, geotechnical or mining: 10 years (preferred) earthwork and surface utilities: 10 years (preferred) GMSA Certification (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1436:
Exceptional eye for detail. Knowledge of computer software programs, tools and machines used in the trade. Trained in ISO 9001-2015 and N299 requirements and standards. Willingness to participate and support other aspects of the organization. Assessment of company production processes to develop quality policies, procedures, and specifications. Evaluation of client requirements to ensure their needs are met by service standards. Communicate effectively with all team members and management. Specify quality requirement for raw materials obtained from vendors and suppliers. Train quality assurance personnel. Establish procedures and processes for sampling, recording, and reporting of quality data. Analysis and inspection of raw materials and final products to ensure compliance with set service standards. Read and interpret blueprints, sketches, drawings, manual specifications, or sample parts to determine dimensions surface finishes and tolerances of finished work pieces. Accurately verify dimensions of machined parts for accuracy and conformance to specifications using precision measuring instruments including but not limited to micrometers, verniers, height gauges, depth micrometer, thread gauges and other specialized instruments. Experience with maintenance and set up of profiler tooling. Experience in machining Minimum 5 years quality assurance experience. Be familiar with requirements for health and safety programs. Have working knowledge of computer programs. Working knowledge of ISO 9001-2015, N299 requirements and standards. Excellent communication and organization skills. Able to excel in high pressure situations. Proficient in reading and writing English. 
ScrapedJobID1437:

ScrapedJobID1438:
Assist in development and organization of written SOPs and in-house quality programs. Monitor and verify routinely all aspects of production; takes corrective actions when necessary. Review labels and raw material documentation prior to their release into inventory. Ensure compliance with all specific regulatory requirements (Food, NHP, and Dairy), Health & Safety, and company policies. Maintain current files on all Food, Natural Health Products, and export regulations. Prepare documentation and apply for regulatory permit / certificates / documentation required for exports. Ensure compliance with all aspects of HACCP program and GMPs: sanitation, pest control, sampling, microbiological and chemical food safety, hygiene, product specification, in-house SOP’s. Work on stability studies and perform micro testing. Troubleshoot QC issues that deal with production and blending using defined processes as well as brainstorm with the team, providing suggestions for solutions that contain the appropriate levels of risk. Perform tasks assigned by QA Manager in relation to: product research, program set-up, process capability studies, product, system audits, and other relevant tasks. Taste testing and completing other tests ensuring accurate recording of all test data, & evaluation of findings. Reports using the computer, and reporting process deviations and product failures, assisting in investigations and development of solutions. Assists the Quality Assurance Manager in developing and improving quality system procedures as required. Perform testing, data generation, and data analysis as necessary, through the use & knowledge of statistical problem-solving techniques. Conduct relevant physical and sensory testing on ingredients, raw materials, and finished product. Conduct in-process quality control checks, sampling, monitoring, and finished product inspection as required. Evaluate co-packed finished product to ensure conformance to standards and specifications. May assist with research and development of new products. Other duties as assigned. Must have completed successfully BCIT Food Technology Diploma or Bachelor Degree in Food Science. Prior 1-2 years’ experience working in a Food Manufacturing environment will be given priority consideration. This position involves taste testing products regularly throughout the shift. Must have no allergies to dust and common food allergens, including but not limited to eggs, dairy, whey, nuts, sulfites, & dust Should have previous experience with CFIA and NHP regulations; must be HACCP-proficient Must have CSA Steel toed boots Strongly organized detailed analytical thinker, with mathematical and/or scientific skills Capable of preparing reports and offering product/method recommendations Excellent interpersonal and communication skills (both written and verbal), with the let’s-get-it-done attitude Strong computer skills in Microsoft Office, nutrient database, statistical software; should have knowledge of Excel Incumbent work shift hours may be subjected to change with notice. Bonus pay Overtime pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Discounted or free food Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Profit sharing Tuition reimbursement Vision care 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1439:
Horaire de jour Assurances collectives jour un, payé à 50% par l'employeur( pscyhologue, massothérapie,naturopathe etc) REER après 6 mois ( employeur contribue jusqu'3% maximum) Programme d'aide aux employés Programme de reconnaissance Programme de formation Prime d'embauche Langage de programmation C/C++/Java/Python/Bash/PHP/HTML/CSS/. Connaissance des environnements Linux Connaissance des GPIO et de l'intégration matérielle des Raspberry Pi Connaissance des outils d'aide à la connexion à distance Compétences avérées en matière de communication/et de relations interpersonnelles. Sens aigu des responsabilités, engagement envers la qualité et capacité à faire avancer les choses. Connaissance des meilleures pratiques d'ingénierie logicielle, notamment Agile Scrum et Kanban. Solides compétences en communication écrite et verbale Baccalauréat en ingénierie ou en informatique (ou expérience équivalente). Une expérience coopérative ou industrielle dans des domaines connexes est préférable. Exigences de conception pour l'architecture, le développement et la gestion. Expérience de travail avec des technologies embarquées telles que Arduino et Raspberry Pi. Connaissance pratique d'outils de gestion de la configuration logicielle tels que Git. Connaissance pratique d'outils de suivi des défauts logiciels tels que Jira. Connaissance pratique des méthodologies de test des logiciels et des systèmes. Connaissance des outils et des langages de script. Connaissance pratique des environnements de développement comme VS Code, Android Studio, Atmel Studio. Connaissance pratique des outils de diagnostic comme les analyseurs numériques, les oscilloscopes et les multimètres numériques. Concevoir, développer et tester de nouveaux logiciels embarqués. Assister et améliorer les logiciels embarqués existants. Suivre les processus de développement établis. Identifier les moyens d'améliorer l'activité. Analyser les besoins et développer des alternatives de conception. Planifier et exécuter les tests des éléments logiciels. Rédiger une documentation complète et précise sur l'utilisateur et la conception. Effectuer des revues d'architecture, de conception et de code. Évaluer les nouvelles technologies et les nouveaux produits pour améliorer nos produits. Se tenir au courant des tendances en matière de logiciels embarqués et partager ses connaissances avec ses pairs. Planifier et estimer les activités de développement logiciel. Examiner et valider les versions logicielles. Être un membre précieux d'une équipe très soudée, toujours à la recherche de moyens d'amélioration. Assister les clients à distance si des problèmes surviennent dans leur système. S'efforcer de faire mieux pour nos clients. Day schedule Group insurance beginning day one, paid at 50% by the employer (psychologist, massage therapist, naturopath etc.) RRSP after six months (employer contributes up to 3% maximum) Employee assistance program Recognition program Training program Hiring bonus C/C++/Java/Python/Bash/PHP/HTML/CSS/ programming languages. Knowledge of Linux environments Knowledge of Raspberry Pi GPIO and hardware integration Knowledge of remote connection assistance tools Proven communication/and interpersonal skills. Strong sense of responsibility, commitment to quality and ability to get things done. Knowledge of software engineering best practices including Agile Scrum and Kanban. Strong written and verbal communication skills Bachelor's in Engineering or Computer Science (or equivalent experience) Co-op or industry experience in related fields is preferred. Design requirements for architecture, development and management. Experience working with embedded technologies such as Arduino and Raspberry Pi. Hands on knowledge of software configuration management tools like Git. Hands on knowledge of software defect tracking tools like Jira. Working knowledge of software and systems test methodologies. Knowledge of scripting tools and languages. Working knowledge of development environments like VS Code, Android Studio, Atmel Studio. Hands on knowledge of diagnostic tools like Digital Analyzers, Oscilloscopes and digital multi-meters . Design, develop and test new embedded software. Support and enhance existing embedded software. Follow established development processes. Identify ways to improve the business. Analyze requirements and develop design alternatives. Plan and execute tests of software items. Write complete and accurate user and design documentation. Conduct architecture, design and code reviews. Evaluate new technologies and products to improve our products. Keep current with embedded software trends and share your knowledge with your peers. Plan and estimate software development activities. Review and validation of software releases. Be a valuable member of a highly cohesive team always looking for ways to improve. Support customers remotely should issues arise in their system Focus on doing better for our customers. Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Événements d'Entreprise Horaires flexibles Programme d'Aide aux Employés REER Collectif Quart de jour 
ScrapedJobID1440:

ScrapedJobID1441:
Régime d’épargne retraite avec contribution de l’employeur Cheminement de carrière et développement professionnel Mentorat et parrainage Perfectionnement continu (Accès aux formations et certifications IBM et plus) Compte mieux-être Télémédecine Horaire de travail flexible Encore plus d’avantages sociaux ! Rejoindre l'équipe de développement en tant que développeur hybride, axé sur la pile technologique Angular/React. Participer au développement de projets clients : nouvelles applications, développement de nouvelles fonctionnalités sur des applications existantes et maintenance. Participer à la revue de conception : travailler avec les concepteurs de solutions et d'applications pour assurer une architecture robuste. Rédiger des tests unitaires et garantir les normes de développement les plus élevées, en suivant le cycle de développement de logiciels. Se joindre à des équipes travaillant dans un processus Agile/Scrum ou Waterfall. Avoir travaillé avec une architecture orientée services (API REST et JSON/XML). Fournir et soumettre des révisions de code, vérifier les tests de code et effectuer la coordination avec l'équipe d'assurance qualité. Aider activement à la révision des codes de l'équipe. Travailler avec les propriétaires de produits ou les intervenants pour comprendre chaque récit de développement. Offrir des services d'encadrement et de mentorat. Utiliser la collaboration d'équipe pour créer des solutions novatrices de manière efficace. Au moins 3 ans d'expérience - Angular 5 ou version plus récente ou React, et Typescript et rédaction de tests unitaires Expérience avec Node.Js Au moins 3 ans d'expérience - HTML5, cadres de référence JavaScript MVC et conception réactive Au moins 1 an d'expérience - cadres de référence JavaScript MVC/MVVM (version ECMAScript : es5 à es7) Au moins 1 an d'expérience - compatibilité multinavigateur Au moins 1 an d'expérience - préprocesseurs CSS (LESS/SASS) Intéraction avec les bases de données relationnelles (PostgreSQL/Oracle, DB2, MySQL, etc…) Expérience de travail avec GIT ou BitBucket Bonne compréhension du cycle de développement de logiciels et capacité de rédiger un code efficace, concis et réutilisable Bilinguisme : français-anglais Connaissance sur les regles d'accessibilité (WCAG) Expérience sur les tests d'intégration (selenium ou cypress) Expérience avec les bonnes pratiques CI/CD et des outils tels que Jenkins. Expérience avec le Responsive et Mobile design Expérience avec les Reactive Forms Expérience avec les Schematics Familiarisé avec les principes DRY et SOLID Familiarisé avec les meilleures pratiques de performance d'Angular (stratégie de détection des changements, Trackby, Lazy loading, Web Worker, etc ...) Connaissance de méthodologies css (BEM, Atomic, etc ....) Connaissance du pattern micro-front-end Chez LGS, nous offrons des solutions d’affaires, des services professionnels et des ressources à valeur ajoutée. Notre expertise touche principalement : l’infonuagique, les services applicatifs, l’analyse cognitive & l’intelligence artificielle ainsi que les services d’appoint. Retirement savings plan with employer contribution Career and professional development Mentoring and sponsorship Ongoing development (Access to IBM training and certifications and more) Wellness account Telemedicine Flexible work schedule Join the development team as a Hybrid developer, focused on Angular/React technology stack Participate in the development of client projects: new applications, new feature development on existing applications, and maintenance Write unit tests, and ensure the highest development standards; following SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) Participate in teams working in an Agile/Scrum or Waterfall process Having worked with Service Oriented Architecture SOA (REST APIs and JSON/XML) Submit code reviews, verify code testing and coordinate with the QA team Work with the Product Owners or Stakeholders to understand each development story Ability to work independently on tasks and deliver with a high-level of quality Ability to work in teams and be open to comments and feedback Ability to learn quickly and to adapt to a fast-paced environment 3+ years experience with Angular 5 or a more recent version or React and Typescript and writing Unit Testing Experience with Node.Js 3+ years experience with HTML5, JavaScript MVC frameworks, and responsive design 1+ years experience with JavaScript MVC/MVVM frameworks (ECMAScript version: es5 to es7) 1+ years experience with Cross browser compatibility 1+ years experience with CSS preprocessors (LESS/SASS) Interaction with API Calls Experience working with GIT or BitBucket Solid understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and ability to write clean, concise and reusable code Bilingual: English and French Experience working with Messaging Queues (RabbitMQ, MQTT, etc…) Knowledge of web security and authentication principles (asset) Working with JIRA and Confluence Mobile development on IOS (Swift/ Objective-C) or Android (Java/Kotlin) Experience working with clients and client projects, both onsite and with remote offshore teams Knowledge of store management (ngrx) and reactive programming (rxjs), would be an asset Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) Integration testing (selenium ou cypress) Experience with CI/CD best practices and tools such as Jenkins Experience with Responsive and Mobile design Experience with Reactive Forms Experience with Angular Schematics Experience with Angular Libraries Familiar with angular performance best practice (Change detection strategy, Trackby, Lazy loading, Web Worker, etc ...) Familiar with DRY and SOLID principles Knowledge of css methodology (BEM, Atomic, etc ....) Knowledge micro-frontend pattern Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Horaires flexibles Programmes de Bien-être REER Collectif Tenue Décontractée Travail à Distance Du Lundi au Vendredi Heures supplémentaires majorées 
ScrapedJobID1442:
Réaliser le développement des rapports et tableaux de bord dans le respect des Modifier les rapports et tableaux de bord existants afin de répondre aux besoins Effectuer les essais et l"assurance qualité des développements avant la mise en Assurer la performance des rapports et tableaux de bord développées Assurer le support de premier niveau des produits informationnels Travailler en étroite collaboration avec les équipes de gestion de l"information afin Assurer le lien avec l"équipe de l"entrepôt de données afin de spécifier les besoins et Participer au profilage des données des systèmes sources Tester les extractions et les requêtes afin d"assurer la qualité des données Créer des tables de faits, de dimensions, et des vues pouvant être utilisées dans les Créer des champs calculés directement dans les bases de données pour supporter Participer aux discussions et aux ateliers de gouvernance Proposer et utiliser les définitions et le lexique d"entreprise Assurer la conformité et l"alignement des indicateurs clefs de performance Recueillir les besoins d"affaires et ceux des clients et utilisateurs Organiser et conduire des séances de travail afin de développer et proposer des Effectuer l"analyse détaillée des besoins et rédiger les spécifications détaillées afin de Participer et conduire des réunions et des revues d"avancement des projets avec les Analyser, cartographier et schématiser les systèmes et les processus d"affaires Créer et supporter la mise en place d"une architecture des données Proposer les meilleures solutions possibles afin d"atteindre les objectifs de l"unité Proposer des indicateurs clefs de performance pertinents Rédiger la documentation des produits informationnels afin d"en permettre une Supporter le déploiement du portail web pour la diffusion des différents rapports et Mettre en place une structure temporaire pour le traitement et la transformation des Supporter l"automatisation des tâches de rafraichissement des données, des rapports Proposer et développer des solutions numériques afin de permettre le suivi des Participer aux initiatives en science des données (apprentissage machine, prévision, Diplôme universitaire en génie, en science informatique, en intelligence d"affaires ou en Diplôme universitaire de 2e cycle en intelligence d"affaires, en science des données, ou Idéalement 1 à 4 ans d"expérience, mais ouvert aux nouveaux diplômés Maîtrise du français et de l"anglais parlé et écrit Expérience de travail dans le secteur manufacturier ou aérospatial un atout Maîtrise de la suite Microsoft 365 Maîtrise avancée du logiciel Power BI Bonne compréhension des besoins d"affaires, des systèmes et des architectures dans un Expérience dans le développement et l"utilisation de modèles relationnels et Bonnes connaissances SQL (fonctions de fenêtre, requêtes imbriquées, tables Expérience de programmation dans un contexte d"analyse de données (ex. VBA, Python, Connaissances de base de SAP, PLM, Jupyter et HDFS un atout Connaissance de la méthodologie agile Connaissance des plateformes en gestion de projets et partage de codes (ex. Azure Le poste est présentement offert en télétravail. Un retour au bureau sera possible lorsque L"horaire de travail est flexible Une analyse de cas sera demandée aux candidats présélectionnés afin de valider les Develop reports and dashboards in compliance with Modify existing reports and dashboards to meet needs Perform tests and quality assurance of developments before implementation Ensure the performance of reports and dashboards developed Provide first level support for information products Work closely with information management teams to Liaise with the data warehouse team in order to specify the needs and Participate in the profiling of data from source systems Test extractions and queries to ensure data quality Create tables of facts, dimensions, and views that can be used in Create calculated fields directly in the databases to support Participate in governance discussions and workshops Propose and use the definitions and the business lexicon Ensure compliance and alignment of key performance indicators Collect business needs and those of customers and users Organize and lead working sessions in order to develop and propose Perform detailed needs analysis and write detailed specifications in order to Participate and lead meetings and project progress reviews with Analyze, map and map systems and business processes Create and support the implementation of a data architecture Propose the best possible solutions in order to achieve the objectives of the unit Propose relevant key performance indicators Write the documentation of information products in order to allow Support the deployment of the web portal for the distribution of the various reports and Set up a temporary structure for the processing and transformation of Support the automation of data refresh tasks, reports Propose and develop digital solutions to allow the monitoring of Participate in data science initiatives (machine learning, forecasting, University degree in engineering, computer science, business intelligence or 2nd year university diploma Ideally 1 to 4 years of experience, but open to new graduates Fluency in spoken and written French and English Work experience in the manufacturing or aerospace sector an asset Proficiency in the Microsoft 365 suite Advanced knowledge of Power BI software Good understanding of business needs, systems and architectures in a Good SQL knowledge (window functions, nested queries, tables Programming experience in a data analysis context (eg VBA, Python, Basic knowledge of SAP, PLM, Jupyter and HDFS an asset Knowledge of agile methodology Knowledge of project management and code sharing platforms (eg Azure The position is currently offered by telecommuting. A return to the office will be possible when The work schedule is flexible A case analysis will be requested from shortlisted candidates in order to validate the 
ScrapedJobID1443:
Quebec, QC / Remote Work Travel required (weekends at home) Bilingual Advantageous salary, according to union grid Group insurance Salary insurance paid by the company Retirement Savings Plans Parental leave Must have the following certifications from Natural Resources Canada's non-destructive certification agency VT2 according to CSA W178.1 Level 2 in magnetic particles Level 2 in ultrasonic testing (asset) Level 2 in Public Support (asset) Recognized as an exposure device operator certified by the Canadian Nuclear Safety Commission would be an asset; Must be able to read, understand and follow work instructions in a safe, accurate and timely manner. Candidates must be proficient in different types of computer software (Word, Excel. PowerPoint, and Outlook). Proven ability to manage and coordinate multiple projects in a dynamic and highly professional environment. Candidates must demonstrate excellent verbal and written communication skills, including grammar and composition. Ability to work well with others and independently. Proven time management skills and attention to detail; works well under pressure. Québec, QC / Travail à distance Déplacement requis (week-ends à domicile) Bilingue Salaire avantageux, selon grille syndicale Assurances collectives Assurance salaire payée par l’entreprise Plans d’épargne-retraite Congé parental Doit posséder les certifications suivantes de l'agence de certification non destructive de Ressources naturelles Canada VT2 selon CSA W178.1 Niveau 2 en particules magnétiques Niveau 2 en test par ultrasons (atout) Niveau 2 en ressuage (atout) Reconnu comme opérateur d'appareil d'exposition certifié par la Commission canadienne de sûreté nucléaire serait un atout; Doit être capable de lire, comprendre et suivre les instructions de travail d'une manière sûre, précise et opportune. Les candidats doivent maîtriser différents types de logiciels informatiques (Word, Excel. PowerPoint et Outlook). Aptitude avérée à gérer et à coordonner plusieurs projets dans un environnement dynamique et hautement professionnel. Les candidats doivent démontrer d'excellentes compétences en communication verbale et écrite, y compris la grammaire et la composition. Capacité à bien travailler avec les autres et de manière indépendante. Compétences avérées en gestion du temps et grand souci du détail ; fonctionne bien sous pression. 
ScrapedJobID1444:
Work with talented and dedicated co-workers Highly Competitive Salary Comprehensive benefits Paid vacation days and bonuses Building the company web applications Deploying and scaling the company services Automating the company development and deployment process Testing and Quality Assurance for modules and services 3+ years experience developing production software at scale Previous experience working in fast-paced environments Proficient in the use of web technologies - JavaScript (React) Experience with REST API development and best practices Strong attention to detail Experience acting as a mentor to team members 
ScrapedJobID1445:
This role will be the centre of developing industry leading products. You’ll manage multiple concurrent projects, owning all projects requiring build deliverables. Following the Agile methodology and development process, manage cross-disciplinary projects to scope, budget and timelines to completion as defined by SOW Gathering estimates from the project team Working with leads to determine risks, interdependencies and specific assignments Planning sprint retrospectives, daily standups, backlog reviews, backlog grooming, and demos Unblocking tasks Scope prioritization with Strategy Lead Maintaining Asana sprint boards Tracking velocity and burndown rate P&L reporting Identifying resources requests to Discipline leads for right skilled assignments Developing weekly resource allocation view with Discipline leads Change management Raising risks and issues relating scope, budget or timelines. Identifying resolution actions and mitigation steps taken to date, provide recommendations for addressing issues. Making recommendations on process improvements to address issues Manage contingency allocation on projects. Contribute to sharing contingency across projects where needed. Release management Overseeing Quality Assurance and UAT process Management of the co-op students Lead, design and help Implement the DevOps solution Contribute to making efficiency improvements to the Development Processes You have worked in the software industry for a minimum of 10 years You are an expert in software development with a prior work experience as a software developer You have led multiple project teams concurrently You have minimum of 7+ years program and project management experience You can identify and implement industry development best practices. You have implemented industry best practices for project management You have a toolkit of mitigation actions taken on past projects You have a deep understanding of development constraints, technical risks, and technical interdependencies You have expertise in managing and building web applications and mobile solutions You have experience managing complex resource requirements across multiple projects You have a experience with modern technologies and development methodologies You have a deep understanding of Software development lifecycle and development processes You have a solid understanding of of DevOps You have experience implementing DevOps You have experience working with modern relational or non-relational databases such as Oracle or SQL Server, MySQL, Postgres, Redis, MongoDB, Cassandra, etc. And web development technologies You have an understanding of Microservices Design 
ScrapedJobID1446:
Ensuring the high quality of implantations and deployments within development Accountable for the security, capacity and performance of delivered applications and services Giving feedback to the wider business surrounding the planning, implementation and evolution of technical processes Keeping the highest of standards in development best practice, CI/CD and Quality Engineering standards Strong experience with relational Databases, SQL and ORM technologies, ideally MySQL and PostgreSQL TDD/BDD environments Docker, Ansible, Maven, Jenkins, Sonar and Git (BitBucket) Strong leader with motivational qualities Complex problem solving Stakeholder engagement and liaison between the business and the customer – Liaison with Product Owners, Operations and Architecture Exposure to Object Oriented Analysis and design using common design patterns Development of Microservices or an SoA or DDD architecture Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID1447:
Writes technology and SOPs and work instructions and maintains the master documents in a filing system Plans, organizes, and evaluates the activities and operations of ERP and associated technology Review ERP issues with various departments and assist in determining potential impact based on knowledge of application Becomes corporate ‘super user’ of ERP system specifically in manufacturing aspect Provide input on corrective measure to be taken and provide clarification on technology requirements Responsible for scheduling necessary upgrades, creating/modifying test methods as required and maintaining maintenance schedule Coordinate and conduct internal Technology audits Develops and maintains project plans to support all technology and Administration activities Provide assistance and be a go to level 1 support Provide ‘help-desk” type for “level 2” escalated issues for the ERP system Self educate continually on Company manufacturing process Backup resource for other ERP superusers in various departments University degree in Computer Science & Programming 5+ years of working in Programmer/Analyst and Technology focused role Extensive experience in working with ERP/MRP/CRM systems. Several years of experience working with programs such as PHP, Java, Visual Basic Studio (C#/ C++) Experience working with database management programs such as SQL/MySQL including XML and XSL technologies Experienced in creation of End User Documentation and Standard Operating Procedure Experience with Quality Assurance and Software Testing Ability to work under pressure with simultaneous deadlines Excellent problem solving, interpersonal, and organization skills Dental care Extended health care On-site parking 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Do you have a University degree in Computer Science and/ or Programming? Do you have experience working with programs such as PHP, Java, Visual Basic Studio (C#/ C++)? Programming: 5 years (preferred) IT: 5 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1448:
Engage engineering teams, product line managers and product owners to transform high-level requirements into optimized test coverage; Execution and Delivery of manual and automation end-to-end feature testing, tracking testing using Agile. Due diligence to ensure complete feature coverage, availability of required test environment (i.e., traffic generators, cards, system set up and ready), and the testing is within given quality parameters; Analyze test results and prepare test reports; Investigate software defects, highlight critical issues, and consult with software development engineers in finding a resolution; Lead the effort to automate all manual test cases using automation best practices; You will be responsible for becoming the local subject matter expert for the features you are testing; related standards knowledge and customer requirements; Provide support for Field Engineers through software upgrades, execution of the assigned test cases, debugging and collecting log files; From time to time, ownership of internal/external customer prototype demonstration. Assist in standardization and interoperability lab testing; Develop customer deliverable requirement use cases. Interact with PLM, architects and release managers to harden requirements. Understand the landscape of competitive usage of a feature; Experience working in Agile methodology Experience with Workflow Data structures 
ScrapedJobID1449:
The Program Manager will support the planning and implementation of an ongoing project Key areas of focus for the Program Manager include planning and coordinating engagements with key stakeholders/partners, tracking and managing projects towards defined milestones; and supporting research, planning, and development of project deliverables. Develop, maintain and monitor project plans, project schedules, budgets and expenditures across the various project workstreams Organize, attend and participate in project meetings leveraging experience working on technology & business projects Ensure documentation of business & technical requirements, action items and decisions in project meetings Follow up on actions items and decisions from meetings Prepare and distribute minutes to all project team members Prepare status reports and materials for meetings Planning - Planning the project, Planning the meetings Leading - Leading meetings, Leading project initiatives Encouraging and inspiring - Recognizing successes, Rewarding hard work Communicating - Reporting on project progress and status: Communicating with team leaders and stakeholders Executing – Understanding project life cycle; understanding of the project management process, allocating resource, Keep the project within the budget Team building - Hold regular team status meetings Encourage team bonding that encourage individual teams to work together towards a productive solution regarding the project, focusing on areas like better turnaround times, better communication, etc.). Monitoring - Monitor the progress that’s being made; Address roadblocks /risks Presenting - Hold retrospective meetings, Hold regular stakeholder meetings Managing time- Develop reasonable task schedules with contingencies Revisit your project schedule regularly Documenting - Creating proper project documentation, Proper documentation organization Experience building and maintaining project plans for business & technology projects (e.g., systems implementation) Experience gathering and documenting business & technical requirements Knowledge of software development methodologies (e.g., agile, waterfall) Leadership skills Effective communication Planning and strategic thinking Team management Time management and scheduling Task management skills Risk mitigation Expert negotiation skills 
ScrapedJobID1450:
Performs analysis and design duties as well as programming, modelling and scripting, testing, documentation and deployment preparation. Coordinates and prepares needs analysis and detailed component design. Conducts user interviews to determine detailed systems requirements. Completes preliminary analysis, system and functional design, workflow diagrams for quality systems development. Prepares front-end prototypes and mockups of user interface. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains shared JavaScript libraries and components. Designs, codes, tests, implements and maintains HTML5 and hybrid mobile apps. Designs and develops systems that comply with access and privacy legislation. Coordinates and develops program specifications and documentation. Designs and conducts all levels of testing i.e. unit, system, integration, regression, performance, security, usability, optimization/configuration and coordinates user acceptance testing. Liaises and coordinates with internal and external consultants in detailed systems deliverables and technical problem resolution. Implements enterprise in-house developed/custom/packaged systems, component releases, and systems changes. Tests integrated systems to ensure system compatibility and proper functional integration. Provides application maintenance and enhancement including implementation of vendor systems fixes and patches. Conducts quality assurance on departmental and external developments. Develops systems interfaces between enterprise and divisional systems. Performs information and application data conversions. Provides development support to users by providing technical assistance and troubleshooting. Provides documentation and instruction/training to users of the system. Designs and develops application security interfaces to enable clients in controlling and administering access to their systems. Provides expertise, advice and technical skills for information and application service delivery. Conducts research and evaluation of hardware/software/framework and makes recommendations. Recommends, presents and demonstrates system solutions to City management and corporate business clients. Conducts presentations, system demonstrations and system walk-throughs at project review meetings. Participates as a team member in the execution of project plans providing technical expertise and advice re: architecture, development tools, work effort estimates. Contributes to project charters, statements of work and project plans, project status reports and variance explanations, risk identification and mitigation planning. Conducts research, investigates and recommends best practices for information and application services. Contributes to post-implementation project reviews. Recommends improvements to current methodologies, processes, standards, policies and guidelines. Contributes in planning of future system growth and provides detailed work plans. Participates in enterprise projects. Conducts feasibility studies. Contribute to business cases, RFI/P/Q's, technical reports by researching and participating in evaluations and recommending solutions. Determines user training needs. Extensive experience in business system analysis, rapid application development and programming in a large, diverse computing environment. Extensive experience in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, and Bootstrap Extensive experience in using REST APIs, including JSON and XML APIs Experience creating program specifications and code documents including use cases, business process models, swimlane process, entity relationship diagrams, class and component models Experience developing and/or maintaining large scale information technology applications Experience in working effectively with a group of multidisciplinary staff in a project team setting. Post-secondary education in computer science or a related discipline, or the approved equivalent combination of education and/or experience. Ability to effectively communicate orally and in writing. Strong inter-personal skills with the ability to work effectively as a member of a team, collaboratively with others in multidisciplinary team environment and work independently, as required. Ability to be self-motivated and work with minimal supervision. Ability to negotiate effective resolution of conflicting business priorities with corporate business Strong analytical, problem solving, listening and interacting skills. Demonstrated business acumen to establish and maintain effective consulting relationships with corporate clients and vendors, using a strong customer service orientation. Ability to work with competing demands, prioritize and meet deadlines. Knowledge of hybrid mobile apps development and Cordova is an asset. Knowledge of current and emerging technologies relating to data warehousing, e-service, quality assurance tools, data retention and document management/imaging. Experience in the following is an asset: Java, iOS mobile app development, Android mobile app development, OData, SAP Fiori, SAP UI5, SharePoint 2013, Oracle PL/SQL, Software AG WebMethods, web communication, Scrum rapid application development methodology. Ability to be on call for support of production systems. Willing to work flexible hours including days, afternoons, nights and weekends, as required. 
ScrapedJobID1451:
Configure, operate, maintain, and monitor networking, server, and storage environments including physical appliances. Support Level 1 and Level 2 incidents while providing quality and timely solutions. Manage and maintain Fastco’s ITSM system while upholding industry best practices and company policies. Evaluate, build, and install IT hardware and software. Analyze, operate, maintain, and improve IT security systems and policies. Create and maintain documentation of configuration, operation and troubleshooting procedures. Collaborate with different parts of the IS team on various application and infrastructure projects. Configure, operate, and maintain Fastco’s hypervisor environment. Continuously monitor LAN, WAN, and WLAN traffic to ensure a robust backbone and edge operation. Maintain and monitor Fastco’s DRS environment — Perform monthly DR/BC simulations. Improve and simplify operations by automating tasks. Work closely with third-party vendors (ISV) to resolve operational issues. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. Excellent technical understanding at all levels. Strong organizational skills. Dynamic personality, excellent interpersonal skills, facilitator, self-motivated, and driven. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Able to communicate technical details in simplified terms. Demonstrates a positive attitude and remains calm in stressful situations. Demonstrates a high degree of adaptability and initiative. Comfortable learning new technologies quickly, and perpetually. University degree, college diploma or equivalent industry training in a related field. A minimum of 3 years in a similar position. Cisco certifications desired; Microsoft and CompTIA are assets. Familiar with the TCP/IP and OSI models. Fluent in both English and French; Excellent verbal and written English is a must. Network security experience (knowledge of Sophos and Fortinet products is desired). Superior hardware and software knowledge. Windows and Linux server administration experience (installation, deployment, maintenance, troubleshooting). Experience with VMware and Hyper-V products. M365, Azure, and/or GCP experience is an asset. Experience with cloud-based ERP systems is an asset (knowledge of SAP is preferred). Knowledge of IT standards (ITIL, ISO/IEC 27001). Knowledge of the automobile industry is an asset. Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Vie Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise Programme d'Aide aux Employés Programmes de Bien-être REER Collectif Stationnement sur place Tenue Décontractée 8 Heures Non 
ScrapedJobID1452:
Horaire de jour Assurances collectives jour un, payé à 50% par l'employeur( pscyhologue, massothérapie,naturopathe etc) REER après 6 mois ( employeur contribue jusqu'3% maximum) Programme d'aide aux employés Programme de reconnaissance Programme de formation Prime d'embauche Langage de programmation C/C++/Java/Python/Bash/PHP/HTML/CSS/. Connaissance des environnements Linux Connaissance des GPIO et de l'intégration matérielle des Raspberry Pi Connaissance des outils d'aide à la connexion à distance Compétences avérées en matière de communication/et de relations interpersonnelles. Sens aigu des responsabilités, engagement envers la qualité et capacité à faire avancer les choses. Connaissance des meilleures pratiques d'ingénierie logicielle, notamment Agile Scrum et Kanban. Solides compétences en communication écrite et verbale Baccalauréat en ingénierie ou en informatique (ou expérience équivalente). Une expérience coopérative ou industrielle dans des domaines connexes est préférable. Exigences de conception pour l'architecture, le développement et la gestion. Expérience de travail avec des technologies embarquées telles que Arduino et Raspberry Pi. Connaissance pratique d'outils de gestion de la configuration logicielle tels que Git. Connaissance pratique d'outils de suivi des défauts logiciels tels que Jira. Connaissance pratique des méthodologies de test des logiciels et des systèmes. Connaissance des outils et des langages de script. Connaissance pratique des environnements de développement comme VS Code, Android Studio, Atmel Studio. Connaissance pratique des outils de diagnostic comme les analyseurs numériques, les oscilloscopes et les multimètres numériques. Concevoir, développer et tester de nouveaux logiciels embarqués. Assister et améliorer les logiciels embarqués existants. Suivre les processus de développement établis. Identifier les moyens d'améliorer l'activité. Analyser les besoins et développer des alternatives de conception. Planifier et exécuter les tests des éléments logiciels. Rédiger une documentation complète et précise sur l'utilisateur et la conception. Effectuer des revues d'architecture, de conception et de code. Évaluer les nouvelles technologies et les nouveaux produits pour améliorer nos produits. Se tenir au courant des tendances en matière de logiciels embarqués et partager ses connaissances avec ses pairs. Planifier et estimer les activités de développement logiciel. Examiner et valider les versions logicielles. Être un membre précieux d'une équipe très soudée, toujours à la recherche de moyens d'amélioration. Assister les clients à distance si des problèmes surviennent dans leur système. S'efforcer de faire mieux pour nos clients. Day schedule Group insurance beginning day one, paid at 50% by the employer (psychologist, massage therapist, naturopath etc.) RRSP after six months (employer contributes up to 3% maximum) Employee assistance program Recognition program Training program Hiring bonus C/C++/Java/Python/Bash/PHP/HTML/CSS/ programming languages. Knowledge of Linux environments Knowledge of Raspberry Pi GPIO and hardware integration Knowledge of remote connection assistance tools Proven communication/and interpersonal skills. Strong sense of responsibility, commitment to quality and ability to get things done. Knowledge of software engineering best practices including Agile Scrum and Kanban. Strong written and verbal communication skills Bachelor's in Engineering or Computer Science (or equivalent experience) Co-op or industry experience in related fields is preferred. Design requirements for architecture, development and management. Experience working with embedded technologies such as Arduino and Raspberry Pi. Hands on knowledge of software configuration management tools like Git. Hands on knowledge of software defect tracking tools like Jira. Working knowledge of software and systems test methodologies. Knowledge of scripting tools and languages. Working knowledge of development environments like VS Code, Android Studio, Atmel Studio. Hands on knowledge of diagnostic tools like Digital Analyzers, Oscilloscopes and digital multi-meters . Design, develop and test new embedded software. Support and enhance existing embedded software. Follow established development processes. Identify ways to improve the business. Analyze requirements and develop design alternatives. Plan and execute tests of software items. Write complete and accurate user and design documentation. Conduct architecture, design and code reviews. Evaluate new technologies and products to improve our products. Keep current with embedded software trends and share your knowledge with your peers. Plan and estimate software development activities. Review and validation of software releases. Be a valuable member of a highly cohesive team always looking for ways to improve. Support customers remotely should issues arise in their system Focus on doing better for our customers. Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Événements d'Entreprise Horaires flexibles Programme d'Aide aux Employés REER Collectif Quart de jour 
ScrapedJobID1453:
3-5 years experience in delivering cloud-based solutions Web application development and API development with Java frameworks such as Play Framework for Springboot Skills in Javascript / REST / JSON and related technologies Skills in React-Native HTML5 + CSS experience Familiarity with build tools incl. XCode, Gradle, Android Studio Programming skills to implement algorithms and integrate them into existing systems able to communicate clearly both verbally and in writing. strong analytical and mathematical skills able to learn and adapt quickly Casual dress Company events Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Stock options Work from home 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID1454:
Provide IT application support to the business through the following: Research, design, document, modify software specifications, and analyze business needs in collaboration with the Business Analysts, and communicate with project stakeholders throughout the production life cycle Answer technical and procedural questions Define and implement process improvements, and mentor and guide other team members and staff Establish personal rapport with internal and external stakeholders to understand service requirements Arrange project requirements in programming sequence by analyzing requirements Prepare specifications using knowledge of systems, applications, subject matter, programming language. Confirm applications are operating and functioning correctly by conducting tests Maintain computer systems and programming guidelines by writing and updating policies and procedures, and assisting with knowledge transfer as necessary and required Maintain professional and technical knowledge and stays current on technology Contribute to a team-oriented environment by accomplishing related tasks as needed Provide support services to internal and external stakeholders via email, phone or in-person in a professional manner Triage, analyze, diagnose and troubleshoot existing software applications problems as reported by clients and staff Provide guidance to client and staff in order to perform corrective actions Create software application account profiles and ensure appropriate access for all environments Ensure corporate standards and policies are adopted and sustained Assist with technical tasks including starting/stopping scheduled jobs, running scripts, running reports, retrieving files and logs Create processes, guides and support related documentation Develop SQL scripts and stored procedures for applications and SSRS reports Design and develop SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) reports Diploma or university degree in computer science, or business administration or equivalent work experience is required 5+ years’ experience business applications programming 2+ years’ experience in systems analysis 2+ years’ experience in SQL Experience in .NET and or Java programming is an asset. Knowledge of automation best practices and automation strategy Knowledge of system testing best practices and methodologies Broad knowledge of applications, computer-based information systems, networking, system management, security, telecommunications, web technologies and user support services as required Able to provide or gather detailed estimates for timelines on the software development life cycle Proven data analysis, data verification, and problem-solving abilities Excellent written and oral communication skills; ability to communicate ideas in both technical and user-friendly language Excellent listening, presentation, and interpersonal skills Knowledge of ITIL considered an asset Knowledge of Adobe LiveCycle (ALC) and Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) considered an asset Able to prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment Experience working independently and in a team-oriented and collaborative environment Strong attention to detail and effective time management skills Experience working in agile methodology is an asset Satisfactory Criminal Record Check and legal entitlement to work in Canada Market-competitive pay structures Paid Vacation & Sick Leaves Maternity, Parental and/or Adoption Leave Top-Up Program 100% Employer-Paid Health Benefit Plan Retirement Savings Plans with Employer Matching Scheme Ongoing Financial Wellness Seminars Corporate Discounted Programs + Wellness Program Employee Assistance Program (EAP) for our employees and their families! Casual dress Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Wellness program Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1455:
Negotiate, develop, monitor and control the scope of deliverables, work plans, schedules and budgets for all project stages Prior experience in project delivery, project management, and client management is required Develop a detailed work plan for all mechanical disciplines, allocate hours to the work plan and monitor project progress weekly Lead an integrated team in the quality assurance and quality control procedures for all deliverables, specifically the construction drawings and specifications Lead and attend regular coordination meetings Demonstrate an ability to coordinate with other team members and to collaborate with other professional disciplines Maintain a good understanding of the project scope and when changes to the scope occur, negotiate solutions to ensure outcomes meet client expectations and contractual obligations; prepare PCNs as required Ensure timely communications throughout all project phases, develop and maintain meeting minutes, and follow up on all action items Comply with Quality Management System (IQMS) methodology; develop, monitor and control scope, deliverables, work plan, schedules and budget for all project stages Monitor, control and report project progress (% complete) on a monthly basis as part of the project review process Participate in monthly project reviews to review project, budget work plan, schedule and risks Coordinate with contractor, sub-consultants or relevant building authorities to address and document issues with constructability or owner concerns Attend and conduct progress meetings before, during, and after the duration of the project to exchange information and resolve issues or concerns with various key stakeholders; prepare and issue meeting minutes Ensure that all project close out documents are submitted and forwarded to appropriate parties upon completion of the project Act as the primary liaison with the client, contractor and project team Ensure close client relationships are maintained through regular contact; stays informed of changing needs and direction Participate in client planning sessions to prioritize activities and make client presentations as required Maintains and develops positive client relations to ensure business continuity and promote business growth Support new business opportunities by leveraging existing contacts Maximize growth and increase market share by identifying potential business opportunities Manages the operational side of projects by ensuring that project and business risks are identified and mitigated, minimizing unbilled revenue, and following up with accounts receivables to avoid delays in payments Monitor and maintain positive relationships with colleagues, consultants and key stakeholders Participate in the development of comprehensive business solutions that that meet and exceed client objectives for new and existing projects Works to develop strategies for cross-selling and educating clients about the firm’s areas of expertise Provides insight on industry trends Membership in a Relevant professional association is considered an asset Ability to interpret drawings, specifications, addenda to complete mechanical take offs and create an accurate mechanical tender submission Have successfully completed related post-secondary education Proficient in Mechanical engineering systems and design Proficient with Mechanical building system designs, commissioning, permitting and building codes Possess superior leadership, time management and problem solving skills and displays creativity in design P.Eng or EIT designation a definite asset A degree in Mechanical Engineering a definite asset A minimum of 3 years of experience as an Project Manager/Estimator in a commercial setting A desire to continue a career path as an Project Manager Experience with Mechanical Project Management Software - experience with BIM, Revit, Bluebeam or similar CAD software a definite asset project management/estimating: 3 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1456:
Régime d’épargne retraite avec contribution de l’employeur Cheminement de carrière et développement professionnel Mentorat et parrainage Perfectionnement continu (Accès aux formations et certifications IBM et plus) Compte mieux-être Télémédecine Horaire de travail flexible Encore plus d’avantages sociaux ! Rejoindre l'équipe de développement en tant que développeur hybride, axé sur la pile technologique Angular/React. Participer au développement de projets clients : nouvelles applications, développement de nouvelles fonctionnalités sur des applications existantes et maintenance. Participer à la revue de conception : travailler avec les concepteurs de solutions et d'applications pour assurer une architecture robuste. Rédiger des tests unitaires et garantir les normes de développement les plus élevées, en suivant le cycle de développement de logiciels. Se joindre à des équipes travaillant dans un processus Agile/Scrum ou Waterfall. Avoir travaillé avec une architecture orientée services (API REST et JSON/XML). Fournir et soumettre des révisions de code, vérifier les tests de code et effectuer la coordination avec l'équipe d'assurance qualité. Aider activement à la révision des codes de l'équipe. Travailler avec les propriétaires de produits ou les intervenants pour comprendre chaque récit de développement. Offrir des services d'encadrement et de mentorat. Utiliser la collaboration d'équipe pour créer des solutions novatrices de manière efficace. Au moins 3 ans d'expérience - Angular 5 ou version plus récente ou React, et Typescript et rédaction de tests unitaires Expérience avec Node.Js Au moins 3 ans d'expérience - HTML5, cadres de référence JavaScript MVC et conception réactive Au moins 1 an d'expérience - cadres de référence JavaScript MVC/MVVM (version ECMAScript : es5 à es7) Au moins 1 an d'expérience - compatibilité multinavigateur Au moins 1 an d'expérience - préprocesseurs CSS (LESS/SASS) Intéraction avec les bases de données relationnelles (PostgreSQL/Oracle, DB2, MySQL, etc…) Expérience de travail avec GIT ou BitBucket Bonne compréhension du cycle de développement de logiciels et capacité de rédiger un code efficace, concis et réutilisable Bilinguisme : français-anglais Connaissance sur les regles d'accessibilité (WCAG) Expérience sur les tests d'intégration (selenium ou cypress) Expérience avec les bonnes pratiques CI/CD et des outils tels que Jenkins. Expérience avec le Responsive et Mobile design Expérience avec les Reactive Forms Expérience avec les Schematics Familiarisé avec les principes DRY et SOLID Familiarisé avec les meilleures pratiques de performance d'Angular (stratégie de détection des changements, Trackby, Lazy loading, Web Worker, etc ...) Connaissance de méthodologies css (BEM, Atomic, etc ....) Connaissance du pattern micro-front-end Chez LGS, nous offrons des solutions d’affaires, des services professionnels et des ressources à valeur ajoutée. Notre expertise touche principalement : l’infonuagique, les services applicatifs, l’analyse cognitive & l’intelligence artificielle ainsi que les services d’appoint. Retirement savings plan with employer contribution Career and professional development Mentoring and sponsorship Ongoing development (Access to IBM training and certifications and more) Wellness account Telemedicine Flexible work schedule Join the development team as a Hybrid developer, focused on Angular/React technology stack Participate in the development of client projects: new applications, new feature development on existing applications, and maintenance Write unit tests, and ensure the highest development standards; following SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) Participate in teams working in an Agile/Scrum or Waterfall process Having worked with Service Oriented Architecture SOA (REST APIs and JSON/XML) Submit code reviews, verify code testing and coordinate with the QA team Work with the Product Owners or Stakeholders to understand each development story Ability to work independently on tasks and deliver with a high-level of quality Ability to work in teams and be open to comments and feedback Ability to learn quickly and to adapt to a fast-paced environment 3+ years experience with Angular 5 or a more recent version or React and Typescript and writing Unit Testing Experience with Node.Js 3+ years experience with HTML5, JavaScript MVC frameworks, and responsive design 1+ years experience with JavaScript MVC/MVVM frameworks (ECMAScript version: es5 to es7) 1+ years experience with Cross browser compatibility 1+ years experience with CSS preprocessors (LESS/SASS) Interaction with API Calls Experience working with GIT or BitBucket Solid understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and ability to write clean, concise and reusable code Bilingual: English and French Experience working with Messaging Queues (RabbitMQ, MQTT, etc…) Knowledge of web security and authentication principles (asset) Working with JIRA and Confluence Mobile development on IOS (Swift/ Objective-C) or Android (Java/Kotlin) Experience working with clients and client projects, both onsite and with remote offshore teams Knowledge of store management (ngrx) and reactive programming (rxjs), would be an asset Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) Integration testing (selenium ou cypress) Experience with CI/CD best practices and tools such as Jenkins Experience with Responsive and Mobile design Experience with Reactive Forms Experience with Angular Schematics Experience with Angular Libraries Familiar with angular performance best practice (Change detection strategy, Trackby, Lazy loading, Web Worker, etc ...) Familiar with DRY and SOLID principles Knowledge of css methodology (BEM, Atomic, etc ....) Knowledge micro-frontend pattern Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Horaires flexibles Programmes de Bien-être REER Collectif Tenue Décontractée Travail à Distance Du Lundi au Vendredi Heures supplémentaires majorées 
ScrapedJobID1457:
Régime d’épargne retraite avec contribution de l’employeur Cheminement de carrière et développement professionnel Mentorat et parrainage Perfectionnement continu (Accès aux formations et certifications IBM et plus) Compte mieux-être Télémédecine Horaire de travail flexible Encore plus d’avantages sociaux! Participer à la rédaction ou la validation de certains livrables d’analyses préliminaires et d’architecture détaillée; Accompagner les clients lors de l'élaboration et la définition de leurs besoins; Rédiger et/ou modifier des livrables d'analyses fonctionnelles et d'essais; Participer à l'élaboration des plans d'essai d'intégration; S'assurer du respect des échéanciers des mandats à sa charge ; S’assurer que les jeux d’essais soient réalistes et représentent les données réelles de production; Valider les essais de charge en collaboration avec les autres membres de l’équipe de réalisation; Participer aux rencontres de suivi de l'équipe de réalisation et faire part de son niveau d'avancement, d'avenues de solution et/ou de problèmes pouvant compromettre les échéanciers ou la réalisation du projet; Concevoir et proposer des instructions pour la réalisation de la solution logicielle afin de soutenir les programmeurs; Réaliser toutes documentations pertinentes, propres à son domaine d’expertise, selon les normes et standards du Ministère (méthodologie Macroscope); S’assurer de fournir un travail de qualité pour l’ensemble des travaux réalisés; Contribuer à la gestion des carnets de produits (« backlogs ») et des récits (« stories ») selon la philosophie de projet Scrum/Agile en place au Ministère; Travailler en équipe avec des pratiques Agiles (scrum, kanban, DevOps, etc.); Soutenir le chargé de projet et/ou coordonnateur dans le cadre de la préparation et la coordination des plans de travail requis pour l’exécution des travaux; Supporter les pilotes lors de la réalisation des essais d’acceptations. Détenir un diplôme universitaire de premier cycle dans le domaine des technologies de l’information ou son équivalent. Posséder 5 années d’expérience professionnelle dans les technologies de l’information, dont 3 années d’expérience comme analyste fonctionnel dans un environnement en développement d’applications Web dans un environnement d’envergure. Avoir participé à deux 2 mandats dans lesquelles ont été appliqués les principes de la méthodologie de réalisation Agile. Posséder 3 années d’expérience dans la réalisation de biens livrables d’analyse avec une méthodologie de développement (Macroscope) ou autre méthodologie reconnue (par exemple : P+, Guide vert et RUP (Rational Unified process). Posséder deux 2 années d’expérience avec l'utilisation du SGBD relationnel telle que Microsoft SQL Server. Maîtrise du français à l'oral et l'écrit. Retirement savings plan with employer contribution Career and professional development Mentoring and sponsorship Ongoing development (Access to IBM training and certifications and more) Wellness account Telemedicine Flexible work schedule Even more benefits! Participate in the drafting or validation of certain deliverables of preliminary analyzes and detailed architecture. Support clients during the development and definition of their needs. Write and / or modify deliverables of functional analyzes and tests. Participate in the development of integration test plans. Ensure that the deadlines for the mandates under his charge are respected. Ensure that the test cases are realistic and represent actual production data. Validate load tests in collaboration with other members of the production team. Participate in follow-up meetings with the production team and report on its level of progress, possible solutions and / or problems that could compromise the deadlines or the completion of the project. Design and propose instructions for the realization of the software solution in order to support the programmers. Produce all relevant documentation, specific to its area of expertise, according to the norms and standards of the Ministry (Macroscope methodology); Make sure to provide quality work for all the work carried out. Contribute to the management of product backlogs and stories according to the Scrum / Agile project philosophy. Work in a team with Agile practices (scrum, kanban, DevOps, etc.) Support the project manager and / or coordinator in the preparation and coordination of the work plans required for the execution of the work. Support the pilots during the performance of acceptance tests. Undergraduate university degree in the field of information technology or its equivalent. Have 5 years of professional experience in information technology, including 3 years of experience as a functional analyst in a web application development environment in a large environment. Have participated in two 2 mandates in which the principles of the Agile implementation methodology were applied. Have 3 years of experience in the realization of analytical deliverables with a development methodology (Macroscope) or other recognized methodology (for example: P +, Green Guide and RUP (Rational Unified process). Have two 2 years of experience using relational DBMS such as Microsoft SQL Server. Fluency in oral and written French Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise Horaires flexibles Options d'Achats d'Actions Programme d'Aide aux Employés Programmes de Bien-être REER Collectif Tenue Décontractée Du Lundi au Vendredi Quart de jour DEP/ AEC ou Certificat (Obligatoire) TI: 5 ans (Obligatoire) Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1458:
Close interaction with Business Units, Regional Finance Staff and our shared services team ABS Close interaction with other members of the tax team. Able to work as a member of diverse teams including members from different functional areas such as treasury, accounting & finance, legal and various locations and time zones Timely delivery of tax returns and tax provisions with minimal errors detected on review or subsequent audit Maintenance of files with appropriate documentation to support all tax positions, accounting entries, assessments/audit information etc. Understand and contribute towards the tax team’s KPIs such as cash taxes and ETR measurements Must keep up to date with the federal and provincial income tax rules and regulations. Demonstrated understanding of accounting principles Taking initiative in recognizing problems/issues and proposing appropriate resolutions Knowledge and understanding of business operational concepts Experience with online research materials and tax compliance software Strong organization skills and ability to adapt quickly to change Excellent oral and written communications skills as well as presentation skills Knowledge of accounting and tax within the manufacturing and/or construction industry would be an asset Maintain personal and corporate integrity in all actions Awareness of internal controls providing reasonable assurance of effective and efficient operations, including actions to prevent and detect fraud and protect Company resources Undergraduate degree required in accounting, business, commerce or equivalent experience Professional accounting designation required (CA, CMA, CGA or CPA) A minimum of 2-3years of large corporation accounting and tax. Previous work in a similar industry would be an asset CPA in-depth tax course completion or willingness to complete Advanced computer proficiency – significant spreadsheet skills Experience with online tax research tools, materials. Familiarity with different tax software packages including databases and SAP an asset Awareness of the tax legislation and accounting principles Strong organizational skills and ability to adapt quickly to change Excellent oral and written communications skills as well as presentation skills Action Oriented Priority Setting Business Acumen Decision Quality Functional/Technical Skills Interpersonal Savvy Problem Solving Customer Focus Organizing 
ScrapedJobID1459:
Lead multiple client facing engagement teams Responsible for the completion of audits, compliance tax engagements, budgeting, internal controls, financial and accounting transactions Deliver industry and technical expertise in audit and assurance through client interactions, reports, technical work, management presentations and the creation of high-quality deliverables. Manage project financials (budgets, WIPS, timely billing and collection and variance recognition) Execute transactions through the provision of client services including planning, budgeting, scheduling, and coordinating engagements Collaborate with client engagement team prior to commencement of client work to discuss roles and responsibilities, risk areas, materiality and deadlines Monitor project timelines against targets, adjust where necessary; advise clients of project status and seek clarification on discrepancies where applicable Leverage team appropriately to ensure proper documentation is prepared for the client and procedures relating to the file are followed accordingly Develop, coach, and train team members towards professional and personal development Conduct formal, written annual performance reviews Promote regular attendance, balanced lifestyle, and high standard of team wellness Completion of a Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA) designation Minimum 4 to 5 years of relevant work experience in public accounting Extensive knowledge of and experience working with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Experience in the design of engagement procedures. Solid understanding of business, accounting, management and practice development principles Experience working with accounting and tax software such as Caseware and TaxCycle Strong computer literacy including effective working skills of Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint 
ScrapedJobID1460:
Build the Software Operations Quality Scorecard and Software Release Readiness Record for vehicle launches. Metrics automation includes: process, configuration management, and product KPI’s. Develop software tools and features to assist with reporting and development process automation Develop and maintain Web UI features using ReactJS Work with and / or develop API using Django (python) Use RestAPI from other 3rd Party tools to fetch Data Work with a SQL Server database to fetch data – able to write SQL queries efficiently Contribute to team deliverable through involvement in agile scrum development sprints Able to work relatively independently Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field 3+ year experience with Web UI development ReactJS 3+ year experience in Python development 3+ year experience working with Django 
ScrapedJobID1461:
10 hour shift 8 hour shift Bachelor's Degree (preferred) civil, geotechnical or mining: 10 years (preferred) earthwork and surface utilities: 10 years (preferred) GMSA Certification (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1462:
Work closely with team members to build new websites and website features, primarily in WordPress; Participate in code reviews and knowledge sharing such as pair programming; Attend regular sprint activities such as standups, grooming and retrospectives; Work closely with our product, graphic design, SEO and business teams to incubate ideas and then execute to make those ideas a reality; Code website front-end user interfaces in a combination of HTML, CSS and JS; Code website content management back-ends and user-facing application logic; Work with our Quality Assurance team to help automate website and application testing and repetitive development tasks; Collaborate with other development team members and other departments to drive innovation and help define internal standards; Participate in self-directed learning, tech groups and workshops to learn new technologies and expand knowledge. 2+ years Professional Software or Website Development experience; Experience building websites in WordPress using custom themes and functionality; Experience coding in PHP (object-oriented programming, dependency management, templating engines); Experience in front-end web technologies like HTML, CSS, JS; Experience with Unix-based systems and using CLIs; Experience with code versioning tools, such as git. 
ScrapedJobID1463:

ScrapedJobID1464:
Établit des relations de travail efficaces et de confiance avec tous les partenaires commerciaux et informatiques dans les domaines de responsabilité et de collaboration. Développe la connaissance des processus commerciaux, des tendances de l'industrie et des systèmes informatiques pour mieux communiquer les capacités informatiques et soutenir le développement de solutions informatiques et d'architecture. Prend en charge la définition, le développement et la maintenance des plans stratégiques et opérationnels informatiques qui soutiennent la mission, les valeurs et les objectifs commerciaux. Participe à la mise en "uvre du portefeuille de projets informatiques. Collabore avec des équipes interfonctionnelles et d'autres membres du personnel technique pour mettre en "uvre et intégrer efficacement de nouvelles technologies et applications. Identifie de manière proactive les risques et les problèmes du projet ; aide à déterminer les étapes d'escalade, d'atténuation et de résolution nécessaires. Communique régulièrement l'état des livrables, les préoccupations et les problèmes au superviseur direct et au gestionnaire de projet. Aide à estimer les coûts et les délais du projet, à évaluer les capacités et les besoins en soutien/ressources dans le domaine de responsabilité. Crée, examine et met à jour la documentation requise pour les changements et les projets assignés conformément à la méthodologie informatique. Participe à la gestion de l'adoption de nouveaux systèmes, fonctions et technologies, y compris le développement et la prestation de la formation des utilisateurs finaux assignée. Participe à la planification des projets et contribue à l'élaboration des plans de projet. Effectue la modification et l'installation des systèmes tel qu'assigné. Prend en charge le développement de spécifications techniques pour les modifications du système afin de répondre aux exigences commerciales et système documentées avec une solution efficace. Assure la qualité informatique, la conformité légale et réglementaire grâce au respect des normes de contrôle de la qualité dans toutes les activités. Prend en charge le développement, la documentation et l'évolution des politiques, procédures et outils informatiques pour s'aligner sur les stratégies commerciales et informatiques et assurer la durabilité des services. Développe un niveau croissant d'expérience dans les compétences techniques et professionnelles requises pour accomplir les tâches assignées. Communique régulièrement l'état des tâches individuelles, les problèmes ouverts et les défis aux parties prenantes concernées et/ou au responsable direct. Surveiller et résoudre les problèmes et les changements assignés pour assurer une résolution rapide ; informe régulièrement les parties prenantes des progrès accomplis. Effectue l'administration des plates-formes technologiques assignées pour maintenir un fonctionnement efficace et une disponibilité constante. Prend en charge l'amélioration continue des systèmes et des services pour améliorer l'efficacité informatique et les performances du système. Travaille directement avec les utilisateurs des systèmes assignés en tant que ressource technique pour planifier les changements opérationnels et résoudre les problèmes. Aide à la documentation des meilleures pratiques de l'industrie et des TI dans les domaines de responsabilité et d'expertise. Assiste ses pairs dans l'accomplissement des tâches de routine en partageant les connaissances et l'expérience. Participe à l'évaluation des technologies émergentes pour l'entreprise; contribue à la planification de l'adoption de la technologie et de son intégration aux systèmes existants. Peut participer à l'élaboration de programmes de formation continue des utilisateurs et à la formation technique/professionnelle du personnel informatique. Comprend et applique les principes d'amélioration continue aux processus commerciaux et informatiques dans le domaine de responsabilité. Assure la conformité aux politiques technologiques et aux exigences réglementaires et prend les mesures appropriées pour atténuer les risques et résoudre les problèmes. Cherche et aborde de manière proactive les opportunités opérationnelles de réduction des coûts tout en maintenant ou en améliorant l'efficience et l'efficacité des TI. Développe et promeut des idées pour l'amélioration continue des technologies, des services et des procédures informatiques avec la direction informatique et l'équipe d'amélioration des processus informatiques. Identifie et conseille activement la direction informatique des risques commerciaux, techniques et de conformité potentiels liés à la fourniture de services informatiques. Au moins un domaine spécifique des plateformes technologiques informatiques Analyse de la cause originelle La gestion des incidents Gestion du changement et de l'adoption Analyser et résoudre des problèmes de façon autonome Gestion des risques Principes d'amélioration des processus Méthodologies et pratiques de gestion de projet Connaissance des services informatiques, des processus et des modèles de fonctionnement Architecture des systèmes Être soucieux du détail et être multitâche efficacement Réseautage et collaboration Communication écrite et orale Travailler de manière autonome ainsi qu'au sein d'un environnement d'équipe Productivité et gestion du temps Être soucieux du détail et être multitâche efficacement Gestion du cycle de vie du système Builds effective and trusting working relationships with all business and IT partners in areas of responsibility and collaboration. Develops knowledge of business processes, industry trends, and IT systems to better communicate IT capabilities and support IT solutions and architecture development. Supports the definition, development, and maintenance of IT strategic and operational plans that support mission, values, and business objectives. Participates in the implementation of the IT project portfolio. Collaborates with cross-functional teams and other technical staff to effectively implement and integrate new technologies and applications. Proactively identifies project risks and issues; helps determine necessary escalation, mitigation, and resolution steps. Regularly communicates deliverables status, concerns, and issues to direct supervisor and the Project Manager. Assists in estimating project cost and time requirements, assessing capabilities and support/resource requirements in area of responsibility. Creates, reviews, and updates required documentation for changes and projects as assigned in accordance with IT Methodology. Participates in adoption management of new systems, functions, and technologies, including the development and delivery of end user training as assigned. Participates in the planning of projects and contributes to developing project plans. Performs modification and installation of systems as assigned. Supports the development of technical specifications for system modifications to fulfill documented business and system requirements with an effective solution. Ensures IT quality, legal, and regulatory compliance through adherence to quality control standards in all activities. Supports the development, documentation, and evolution of IT policies, procedures, and tools to align with business and IT strategies and ensure sustainability of services. Develops an increasing level of experience in technical and professional skills required to perform assigned job duties. Regularly communicates individual task status, open issues, and challenges to impacted stakeholders and/or direct manager. Monitors and addresses assigned issues and changes to ensure timely resolution; updates stakeholders regularly on progress. Performs administration of technology platforms as assigned to maintain effective operation and consistent availability. Supports the continuous enhancement of systems and services to improve IT effectiveness and system performance. Works directly with users of assigned systems as a technical resource for planning operational changes and addressing issues. Assists in documentation of industry and IT best practices in areas of responsibility and expertise. Assists peers in completion of routine assignments by sharing knowledge and experience. Participates in the assessment of emerging technologies for the company; contributes to planning technology adoption and integration with existing systems. May participate in the development of ongoing user education programs and technical/professional training of IT staff. Understands and applies continuous improvement principles to business and IT processes in area of responsibility. Ensures compliance with technology policies and regulatory requirements and takes appropriate action to mitigate risks and resolve issues. Proactively seeks and addresses operational opportunities for cost reduction while maintaining or improving IT efficiency and effectiveness. Develops and promotes ideas for the continuous improvement of IT technologies, services, and procedures with IT leadership and the IT Process Improvement team. Actively identifies and advises IT management of potential business, technical, and compliance risks relating to the delivery of IT services. At least one specific area of IT technology platforms Root cause analysis Incident management Change and adoption management Analyzing and solving problems independently Risk management Process improvement principles Project management methodologies and practices Knowledge of IT services, processes, and operating models Systems architecture Being detail-oriented and multitasking efficiently Networking and collaboration Written and spoken communications Working independently as well as within a team environment Productivity and time management Being detail-oriented and multitasking efficiently System lifecycle management 
ScrapedJobID1465:
Build the Software Operations Quality Scorecard and Software Release Readiness Record for vehicle launches. Metrics automation includes: process, configuration management, and product KPI’s. Develop software tools and features to assist with reporting and development process automation Develop and maintain Web UI features using ReactJS Work with and / or develop API using Django (python) Use RestAPI from other 3rd Party tools to fetch Data Work with a SQL Server database to fetch data – able to write SQL queries efficiently Contribute to team deliverable through involvement in agile scrum development sprints Able to work relatively independently Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field 3+ year experience with Web UI development ReactJS 3+ year experience in Python development 3+ year experience working with Django Experience working with databases and writing SQL queries (Ideally SQL Server) Experience with REST API Analytical with the ability to produce creative and effective software solutions to problems Strong communication skill Experience GitHub or other SCM tools Experience building RestAPI using Django Strong aptitude for troubleshooting and problem solving Strong verbal and written communication skills Ability to work in a multi-site team environment where self-driven and self-motivate capabilities are key qualities 8 hour shift React: 1 year (required) Python: 1 year (required) Django: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1466:
Deploy, maintain, and troubleshoot core business applications, including application servers, associated hardware, endpoints, and databases Meet and coordinate with internal and external stakeholders to establish project scope, system goals, and requirements Develop, analyze, prioritize, and organize requirement specifications, data mapping, diagrams, and flowcharts for developers and testers to follow Translate non-technical requirements into clear, highly technical specifications and vice versa Produce all low-level design for projects and the necessary documentation (i.e. UML class diagrams, table design, flows, program specs, etc.) Manage the set-up and configuration of systems Define and coordinate the execution of testing procedures, and develop test cases to serve the overall quality assurance process Provide documentation of all processes and training as needed Perform design and code reviews as needed Develop and implement maintenance procedures, monitor systems health, gather system statistics, and troubleshoot reported errors and alarms Perform design, implementation, and upgrades of information systems to meet the business and user needs Implement best practices for scalability, supportability, ease of maintenance, and system performance Bachelor's degree in computer science or information technology 8-10 years experience working with information technologies and systems analysis, ideally in the financial technology industry Expertise in the design, development and deployment of enterprise-level N-tier architecture in a Microsoft .NET Framework or Java Enterprise Edition platform Strong computer, hardware, software, and analytical skills Proven ability to assess business needs and translate them into relevant solutions Proven ability to assess risk and implement mitigation plans Proven experience in producing all low-level design for projects and the necessary documentation (i.e. UML class diagrams, table design, flows, program specs, etc.) Strong understanding and knowledge of the principles and practices associated with database maintenance and administration Experience installing, configuring, documenting, testing, training, and implementing new applications and systems Working knowledge of a wide variety of programming languages (specifically, experience in C# and JavaScript, working with RESTful APIs and with relational databases (SQL) Experience in an Agile development environment 
ScrapedJobID1467:
Assist with and coordinate product launch; ensuring timing and labour budget requirements are achieved. Develop and conduct production, inventory, and quality assurance programs in manufacturing area. Develop and implement timeline (schedule) based on customer expectations and realistic possibilities. Develop and implement continuous improvement initiatives on all tooling/equipment and production processes. Perform ongoing process evaluations including equipment time studies, run at rate studies, tool changeover studies etc. Develop manufacturing and processing procedures and variables, set machines & equipment controls, oversee production and inspect processes. Ensure GD&T compliance on drawings Create and maintain process documentation (work instructions, training, check sheets, etc.) Prepare and interpret AutoCAD & Solid works designs, drawings, and specifications for the products before launch Assist in inspection of mechanical installations Upkeep of existing and new bill of materials (BOM's) Minimum 1-2 years’ experience in Industrial/Manufacturing Engineering Technology Experience working with software: Mastercam, Solidworks and AutoCAD. College level diploma in Industrial, Mechanical or Manufacturing Engineering Technology is required. Dental care Extended health care Vision care Monday to Friday Industrial/Manufacturing Engineering Technology: 1 year (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1468:
Troubleshooting and resolving IT software and hardware issues in a timely manner Communicating and working with technical and non-technical resources to diagnose problems, issues, concerns and escalations Writing and providing step-by-step instructions to fix technological issues Providing training sessions for new hardware or software products Installing and configuring Ghostlab related hardware and software for clients Prioritizing your workload to ensure the most critical issues are resolved first Documenting common support procedures that coworkers can follow Providing support remotely when necessary Keeping detailed logs of client problems, solutions, and customer satisfaction Providing technical support to technical and non-technical resources for client onboarding Providing first line support to technical and non-technical clients Degree in computer science or information technology preferred. Superb computer competence, including database management and code management Experience working with technical and non-technical resources/clients Understanding of Agile/Scrum methodology and how Integration Support functions within it Knowledge of quality assurance terminology, methods, and tools Analytical, problem-solving, and decision-making skills Previous experience in a technical support role Experience with remote desktop applications Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with strong presentation skills Strong qualitative and quantitative analysis skills, as well as impeccable research skills Empathetic disposition, with the ability to distill insights into the right product answers Innovative and like a good challenge, you are able to brainstorm new ways to engage with our community Risk-taker who thrives in a fast-paced, ever-evolving, and entrepreneurial environment. Team player with no ego. Willing to do whatever it takes Strategic thinker who stays up-to-date on current best practices. Brilliant problem solver capable of smashing through barriers that present themselves Passionate about introducing society to the most important asset in our generation Experience in technology (more specifically Bitcoin) startup environments Experience with WordPress Basic understanding of bitcoin Desire to change the world Aggressive medical benefits including: Medical Dental Physical Wellness Mental Wellness Health Spending Account Regular team events with the best team members you’ll ever work with Employee Shares and Options Plans A kitchen full of snacks and drinks to keep you energized Paid volunteer days and donation matching to local charities Bitcoin matching program Bitcoin denominated salary options Explosive industry revolutionizing the way society interacts with money Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Wellness program 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID1469:
Plan, execute, and finalize a wide range of Audit, Review, and Compilation (T1, T2, T3, T5) engagements, both independently and as part of a team governed with Canadian Auditing and Review standards. Supervise junior staff during field assignments, inform managers of engagement status, and manage the outlined engagement progress. Review work performed by junior and intermediate team members for larger assurance engagements. Provide effective leadership, mentorship, and skills development that support the values of the F. Analyze financial information, accounting processes and operations procedures; provide account reconciliations and propose adjusting entries. Prepare and review financial statements and related note disclosures. Ensure financial statements and note disclosures are in accordance with Canadian generally accepted accounting principles (ASPE only). Assess risk, controls, operational performance and adherence to GAAP. Prepare corporate income tax returns. Collaborate with the tax department on client tax planning opportunities. Prepare personal and non-profit organization information and charitable tax returns. Collaborate with peers and senior management on file planning and completion within time constraints. Provide personal, attentive service to clients to encourage productive working relationships. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with clients including communication to arrange timing of year-end inventory counts, interim, and year-end fieldwork. Develop appropriate knowledge, skills and competence consistent with CPA professional development requirements and professional competencies. Other related duties as assigned. CPA designation with a minimum of 5 years’ experience in audit and assurance required. Working knowledge of ASPE standards required. Proficiency with Caseware or other accounting software is preferred. Proficiency with Microsoft Office programs (Word, Excel, etc.) required. Related experience supporting owner-managed private corporations is an asset. Familiarity with various accounting programs and software is considered an asset. Strong project management, problem-solving, time management and prioritizing skills. Dedication to teamwork, leadership, and integrity within a professional environment. Excellent communication skills, with previous experience in a customer service-related position; strong interpersonal and relationship building skills. Commitment to continuous learning. Commitment to organization and high performance. Reliable vehicle and good driving record required as this role will require limited local travel. Culture of lifelong learning Supportive and collaborative work environment Enthusiastic and participative team spirit Commitment to community engagement Flexible hours to allow for work life balance Casual Friday dress policy Competitive and comprehensive benefits Accounting: 5 years (Preferred) Bachelor's Degree (Preferred) CPA (Preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1470:
Agir en tant que coordonnateur principal des activités entre le promoteur de l'étude, les sites cliniques, les autres fournisseurs de services et l'équipe interne de Biospective Participer à la mise en place des études cliniques avec les collaborateurs internes et externes Superviser la conduite des études cliniques de l'initiation des sites jusqu'à la fin de l'étude Produire et réviser les documents d'études Assurer la qualité globale et la conformité réglementaire des études B.Sc. en sciences de la vie ou science de la santé avec 2 ans d'expérience significative en gestion de projet. Bonnes compétences en communication Excellentes capacités d'organisation et souci du détail Compétences avec la Suite Microsoft office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Abilité à travailler de manière indépendante sans supervision immédiate mais également en équipe Facilité d'apprentissage Démontrer de la flexibilité pour répondre aux changements de priorités et aux multiples tâches Excellente maitrise de l'Anglais, écrit et parlé Expérience du système d'exploitation Linux Connaissance de l'anatomie du cerveau Expérience de travail avec des données d'imagerie Expérience en sélection, initiation et suivi de sites cliniques Connaissance de base de la règlementation entourant la recherche clinique, incluant les BPCs Faire preuve d'initiative et être proactif pour la résolution de problèmes Act as liaison between the sponsor, research sites, third party vendors and Internal Team Coordinate setup activities for new clinical studies with internal and external stakeholders Oversee the conduct of clinical studies from site initiation to study close out Produce and review study-related documentation Ensure overall studies quality and regulatory compliance Bachelor’s degree in a relevant life sciences or health care discipline with 2 years of experience in project management Good communication skills Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail Good knowledge of computer Microsoft Office software (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Able to work independently, without immediate supervision, and as part of a team Ability to learn new skills quickly Demonstrated flexibility to deal with changing priorities and multiple tasks Knowledge of the Linux operating system Knowledge of brain anatomy Experience working with imaging data Site selection, initiation and monitoring Basic knowledge of regulatory environment in Clinical Research, including GCPs Solution-oriented with proactive approach to issues Working knowledge of French, spoken and written Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Programmes de Bien-être REER Collectif Stationnement sur place Du Lundi au Vendredi Baccalauréat (Obligatoire) Gestion de projet: 2 ans (Souhaité) Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1471:
Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise Stationnement sur place Travail à Distance 8 Heures DEP/ AEC ou Certificat (Souhaité) Compétences informatique: 2 ans (Souhaité) Français (Obligatoire) Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1472:
Serve as a critical team member to help execute client engagements, with responsibility for directing the client team, delegating tasks, handling all elements of execution, and helping manage the client relationship on each assignment. Business Development responsibilities, with a target of introducing new client prospects, attending industry events, and cross-selling other FTI Consulting services. Utilizing your exceptional leadership and technical skills, project management and communication skills, as well as a sense of urgency and drive to help the company service its clients. Support a full range of transaction advisory work; including services for buyers, sellers, and lenders. Building internal relationships with members of the Transaction support team and other FTI services. Be part of a fast-growing business with a cooperative atmosphere that helps clients maximize value and minimize risk during the acquisition or divestiture process. Clients served tend to be 75% private equity, and 25% corporate clients. Typical work products include: Quality of Earnings (EBITDA), Working Capital, Quality of Net Assets, Forecast Analysis, Debt and Debt Like Items, Customer/Product/Channel/Category sales and margin analysis, inventory costing and bill of materials. Bachelor or Advanced Degree (preferred) in accounting and/or finance required. CPA certification. 10 years in assurance/audit in a Big 4 or national accounting firm, specifically in Transaction Advisory Practice. Travel required to clients and to FTI office(s) Strong technical accounting skills, with detailed knowledge of GAAP and SEC requirements. Ability to interface with team members and client personnel in demanding, deadline-focused situations. Proficient with PC environments and related software, including Microsoft Office applications, especially advanced skills in Excel and PowerPoint. Proficient use and enquiry of computer models and development of dynamic spreadsheet applications. A strong aptitude for quantitative and qualitative analysis and the ability to link business strategy to performance and due diligence findings. The ability to conduct detailed analysis (using external information) on products, markets, competitors and customers to identify risks and opportunities. Ability to work independently in fast-paced, multi-tasked environment. Ability and willingness to learn and adapt in an ever-changing environment to meet client needs. Advanced issue resolution and problem-solving skills. Strong written and verbal communication skills. COVID Vaccine required* Individuals seeking an exemption from this requirement for medical or religious reasons should complete a request for accommodation form and submit the form to your recruiter.Our Benefits Competitive salary and bonus plans Generous paid holidays, time off and parental leave Full package of benefits plans Company matched 401K Annual paid volunteer hours Corporate matching for charitable donations Potential for flexible working arrangements Free snacks and drinks Upscale offices close to public transportation Pet insurance 
ScrapedJobID1473:
Performs interior design activities including needs analysis, programming, work process analysis, stacking, blocking, finishes selection, design options, estimating, sample boards, specification writing, tender drawing creation, renderings, contractor management, deficiency identification and problem solving, and interfacing with CAFM as required. Renders design ideas in the from of 3-D renderings, sketches, plans, models and schemes using computer aided design (CAD)software in response to client needs. Prepares working drawings, and construction documentation to meet all building codes within applicable jurisdiction. Develops and prepares material cost estimates, project specifications, and requirements tender documents, schedules, and staffing plans to complete projects. Works with clients to define project. Manages the interior design lifecycle for each client engagement. Creates schedules while monitoring progress against timelines. Works closely with project manager, design coordinators, and project teams on conceptual designs, presentations, design development, and production. Responsible for project deliverables, meeting overall project design schedules, as well as preparing and presenting design presentations Prepares technical documentation (e.g. user guides, technical specifications). Assists in the development of documentation and implementation of design process, policies and procedures. Assists with RFP bid document submissions. Liaise with clients, architects, engineers, trades, project managers, vendors, and other project stakeholders. Produces sample boards for presentation to clients. Performs work with minimum supervision, and work is assigned in terms of technical objectives. Provides support, and guidance and production assurance for complex or urgent problems. Makes recommendations or decisions on architecture, application design, standards and process improvements in line with client needs and requirements. Estimates and prioritizes work to maximize value while considering risk, effort and dependencies. Raises impediments, risks and issues as early as possible and work with the team to mitigate as needed. Develops design concepts that meet client needs and with consideration to work process, culture, project implementation, plans, serviceability, sustaining costs, environmental considerations (LEED), impact to related building systems and other project specific conditions. Executes design projects within pre-established budget, time and architectural program limitations. Selects materials according to design standards and budget. Undertake space planning responsibilities, as required. Acts as first point of contact, collecting information from clients and internal team members and conducts site visits to understand client’s spaces/spatial requirements, deficiencies, business adjacencies, work flow, constraints, and opportunities. Applies applicable building codes (e.g. egress and life safety) and liaise with local authorities as required, for purpose of gaining layout approvals. Vendor Management – Develops and maintains effective relationships with vendors. Monitors work progress and oversee vendor performance to ensure quality completion. Complies with all regulatory, environmental, health and safety requirements. Manages expectations and needs of client user groups without compromising client BGIS objectives. Responds quickly to client requests. Ensures proper and timely reporting and systems inputs. Takes responsibility for your individual and the team’s results. Assist in the development and implementation of new processes Supports management on large and/or unique assignments as required. Attends internal and external team meetings and provides status updates as required. Incorporates sustainable practice, where practical into space planning delivery, in accordance with company processes. Gains approval of project designs by internal business representatives and Project Managers. Other duties assigned. University degree in Interior Design, Masters’ Degree preferred. A combination of Diploma in Interior Design and work experience will be considered. At least 10 years of industry experience in commercial interior design. At least 1 to 2 years of successfully mentoring a team of designers. Must have experience with large and medium size projects, hospitality and commercial. Effective client service skills with ability to manage client expectations or redirect to supervisor as needed. Strong client orientation. Strong client service/management skills. Develop client case studies for Marketing materials. Ability to develop creative but functional interior design solutions solve client issues. Create sounds relationships with clients, contractors, and suppliers to promote repeat business. Interpersonal & Soft Skills Strong interpersonal skills. Must have excellent writing, communication, and organizational skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including presentation, documentation and report writing skills. Strong analytical, problems solving, and conflict management skills. Strong organizational and communication skills. Superior time management skills including the ability to manage multiple assignments simultaneously. Results-oriented with strong client service/management skills. Great teamwork skills and ability to work autonomously Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced, high volume, deadline driven environment. Communicate your ideas through a variety of methods including verbal, written, sketches, 3D perspectives, and AutoCAD. Facilitation skills: Run weekly status meetings with the team and clients to ensure project delivery. Provide guidance and mentorship to the design team to ensure quality design is carried throughout projects. Mentoring and coaching junior staff. Must be proficient in MS Excel, MS Office, MS Project, and AutoCAD. Experience working with SketchUp, Bluebeam, Adobe, and InDesign. Experience in facilities office planning and general knowledge of real estate business. General understanding of leasing structures and operating costs Financial skills: Ability to financially assess proposed office relocations and changes including cost estimating and forecasting skills. Exceptional project management skills to ensure targeted schedules are met for all projects on time, on budget, and on scope as agreed with the client. Strong project management documentation skills including project specification writing. Strong working knowledge of project management, design, move management, construction and scheduling as well as knowledge of various furniture systems, interiors, materials, and finishes. Creation and management of project budgets and workback schedules to ensure the firm is delivering on time and on budget. Exhibit detail-oriented project management skills Knowledge of and experience with industry standards, applicable building codes and regulations, including LEED Ability to work on multiple projects, schedule and meet deliverables, you also need to exhibit detail the design to allow for co-ordination, accurate pricing and construction Experience with RFP/RFI bid process and document submissions. Develop high-quality drawing and documentation sets that are clear, comprehensive and consistent Thorough knowledge of construction, mechanical, and electrical space impacts. Thorough knowledge of building issues, building and safety codes the range of relevant products and materials, ergonomics, LEED, Bill 124 and applicable industry standards and regulations. Review final working drawing packages and document contemplated changes, site instruction, change orders. Project Management Professional (PMP) Certified Change Management Practitioner NCIDQ is required ARIDO is required 
ScrapedJobID1474:
8 hour shift SAP Technical Architect: 5 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1475:
Work with talented and dedicated co-workers Highly Competitive Salary Comprehensive benefits Paid vacation days and bonuses Building the company web applications Deploying and scaling the company services Automating the company development and deployment process Testing and Quality Assurance for modules and services 3+ years experience developing production software at scale Previous experience working in fast-paced environments Proficient in the use of web technologies - JavaScript (React) Experience with REST API development and best practices Strong attention to detail Experience acting as a mentor to team members 
ScrapedJobID1476:
Monday to Friday Quality Assurance: 2 years (required) Wealth Product: 3 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1477:
Contribute to quality control by reviewing analytical procedures, procedure forms, or other related documentation to assigned studies. Follow and ensure the application of GLP, SOPs, special procedures and health and safety rules on their assigned studies. Perform and review tabulation of results and participate in writing the study report. Collaborate with the Scientist to compile and assemble study deliverables in an audit ready state for submission to the Quality Assurance department (QA) and answer QA findings. Preparing or revision of the study summary (e.g. MQS, MVS) when required. Perform all other related duties as assigned. DEC in sciences or AEC An equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered an acceptable substitute for the specific education and experience listed above. Be able to work as part of a team. Have a positive attitude, good interpersonal relationships and professionalism. Adapt to changes. Actively participate in departmental meetings to improve performance and quality. Good understanding of Microsoft Office software and data generating software used in the department relevant to their role. Minimum of 3 weeks’ vacation. Paid sick / personal days. Paid overtime. Competitive benefits starting from day one (health and dental coverage). Access to a savings and retirement program including an employer contribution. Free, unlimited, and confidential access to health care professionals for you and your family, through telemedicine app. Employee Assistance Programs. Tuition reimbursement program. Employee Activities. Volunteering Program (paid day). Employee referral bonuses. Relocation assistance. Career advancement opportunities and training. A recognition program. Positive Company Values & Culture. Shuttle service from the Sainte-Anne-de Bellevue train station and from John Abbott College to the Senneville site. Free parking. 
ScrapedJobID1478:
Reports to the Senior Manager, Quality Assurance and is an integral part of the Quality Assurance team. This position is responsible for performing Quality/Process Assurance reviews and audits on development life cycle data within the guidance of DO-178B/C, ARP4754A & DO254 This person will provide support to the Design Assurance Lead during the design phase of the project life cycle by auditing the development processes and their outputs for compliance with design plans, policies and procedures applicable to the project. With demonstrated superior Leadership skills and abilities, the position requires excellent communications and interpersonal skills, teamwork qualities as well as the ability to work in a high pace and dynamic environment. The successful candidate is goal oriented, focuses on obtaining results, is analytical and ensures the validity and credibility of the data produced. Conduct audits of the outputs from the development cycle for compliance with customer and regulatory requirements Monitor the Problem Report and Engineering Change Proposal System to ensure timely resolution and the implementation of Corrective Action Participate in design reviews and assist in the resolution of problems Produce Quality/Process Assurance Records, Conformity Reviews and Compliance Statements Engineering Degree in Software/Hardware or equivalent. Working knowledge of DO 178B/C, ARP4754A, DO254 Familiar with Quality Systems and audit protocols. Experience using Configuration Management tools such as: Strong computer skills, working in Microsoft office (Word, Excel, Access) 
ScrapedJobID1479:
Produce highly reliable and available software built with best practices and standards following an Define and create testing strategies and deliver unit, integration, and automated UI tests for our Develop automated test framework/harness to establish a baseline of confidence for our evolving Work with and contribute to a team of software developers assisting in testing and confirming Collaborate within business teams to ensure development and architecture meets our customers Communicate within the organization on all aspects of SOLV3D's business processes; we believe Provide mentorship on quality assurance standards and practices to all members of the team. 4+ years of experience collaborating and working on software development projects. Proven experience in designing and developing automated test frameworks for web-based A solid track record of managing and delivering enterprise or start-up applications. Experience working in an Agile environment, particularly Scrum. Knowledge of unit testing, integration testing, and TDD. Experience working from home or in a remote environment. Thrives working in a start-up environment - ability to wear multiple hats including taking tasks Experience designing and testing machine learning and deep learning systems. HTML/JavaScript and Python development experience. Knowledge of Surveying, Geomatics, or GIS industries. Experience with LiDAR (Point Cloud) data. Experience designing DevOps pipelines, particularly automatically running tests. 
ScrapedJobID1480:
Work with talented and dedicated co-workers Highly Competitive Salary Comprehensive benefits Paid vacation days and bonuses Building the company web applications Deploying and scaling the company services Automating the company development and deployment process Testing and Quality Assurance for modules and services 3+ years experience developing production software at scale Previous experience working in fast-paced environments Proficient in the use of web technologies - JavaScript (React) Experience with REST API development and best practices Strong attention to detail Experience acting as a mentor to team members 
ScrapedJobID1481:
Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Do you have your CPA Designation? Tax Accounting: 3 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1482:
Design, build, and maintain APIs, services, and systems Take part in peer code review with other .Net Developers and Web Developers as well as ongoing quality assurance processes. Collaborate with software developers, architects and product team to deliver value through successful delivery of software solutions Write well designed, testable and efficient code following software development best practices and coding standards Review code submitted by other developers and offer constructive feedback Deploy, monitor and support applications in a production environment Participate in demos and sprint planning sessions according to Agile best practices Participate continuously in improvement of the development process Research and present ideas for new technologies, strategies, or processes 3+ years of professional hands-on experience in developing high-performance and highly scalable software applications in .Net Core Solid understanding of Visual Studio, SQL Server, C#, .NET Core, MVC, Entity Framework and Git Excellent understanding of HTTP fundamentals and developing RESTful API services Strong command of Object Oriented Design and Programming concepts Significant knowledge of best practices for the development of complex business applications Excellent analytical skills required to facilitate strategic planning and solve technical and business problems Strong communication skills (verbal and written) Self-motivated with the ability to take initiative and strong desire to learn Experience with web and enterprise application development Experience with Azure is an asset Experience with Azure DevOps Pipelines is an asset Experience with Agile development practices Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Vision care 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday No weekends .NET Core: 3 years (required) Visual Studio: 1 year (required) SQL: 1 year (required) C#: 1 year (required) MVC: 1 year (required) Entity Framework: 1 year (required) English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1483:
Prepare, review, and file federal and provincial tax returns for individual and corporate clients (T1, T2, T3, T4, T5, T5013 etc.) independently and as part of a broader engagement team. This includes: Work closely with the Tax Partners and other senior staff to develop and implement complex tax planning assignments for corporate and private clients. Research and interpret tax issues and prepare memorandums, client letters, and develop opinions on a variety of tax issues. Prepare tax provision and accruals in accordance with applicable accounting standards. Assist in the development and implementation of tax and estate planning strategies. Liaise and be a primary point of contact with tax authorities on tax audits and appeals. Perform advanced technical research and document tax plan recommendations for clients. Maintain a strong knowledge base of Canadian tax rules and regulations, growing this base over time. Establish a requisite knowledge base of cross border, commodity, and transactional tax rules and regulations for specific client segments. This includes a working and growing knowledge of transfer pricing regulations. Collaborate with senior management on file planning and completion with the established time constraints. Provide effective leadership, mentorship, and skills development that support the values of the Firm. Provide personal and attentive service to clients to encourage productive working relationships. Develop and maintain positive working relationships with clients including communication to arrange timing of file work. Develop appropriate knowledge, skills, and competencies consistent with the CPA professional development requirements as well as professional workplace competencies. Other related duties as assigned. CPA designation or tax professional equivalent with a minimum of 5 years’ experience in public accounting or public tax administration. Completion of or working towards completion of the In-Depth Tax Program or Masters of Tax program. Working knowledge of Canadian tax acts (Income Tax Act, Excise Tax Act, Retail Sales Act, Business Corporations Act, Limited Partnerships Act, Not-for-profit Corporations Act, etc.). Proficiency with Caseware and Tax Prep is preferred. Proficiency with Microsoft Office programs (Word, Excel, Outlook, etc.) required. Related experience supporting owner-managed private corporations is an asset. Familiarity with various accounting programs and software is considered an asset. Strong project management, problem-solving, time management and prioritizing skills. Dedication to teamwork, leadership, and integrity within a professional environment. Excellent communication skills, with previous experience in a customer service-related position; strong interpersonal and relationship building skills. Commitment to continuous learning. Commitment to organization and high performance. Reliable vehicle and good driving record required as this role will require limited local travel. Culture of lifelong learning Supportive and collaborative work environment Enthusiastic and participative team spirit Commitment to community engagement Flexible hours to allow for work life balance Casual Friday dress policy Competitive and comprehensive benefits Public Accounting: 5 years (Preferred) Bachelor's Degree (Preferred) CPA (Preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1484:
Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise Stationnement sur place Travail à Distance 8 Heures DEP/ AEC ou Certificat (Souhaité) Compétences informatique: 2 ans (Souhaité) Français (Obligatoire) Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1485:

ScrapedJobID1486:

ScrapedJobID1487:

ScrapedJobID1488:
Performs interior design activities including needs analysis, programming, work process analysis, stacking, blocking, finishes selection, design options, estimating, sample boards, specification writing, tender drawing creation, renderings, contractor management, deficiency identification and problem solving, and interfacing with CAFM as required. Renders design ideas in the from of 3-D renderings, sketches, plans, models and schemes using computer aided design (CAD)software in response to client needs. Prepares working drawings, and construction documentation to meet all building codes within applicable jurisdiction. Develops and prepares material cost estimates, project specifications, and requirements tender documents, schedules, and staffing plans to complete projects. Works with clients to define project. Manages the interior design lifecycle for each client engagement. Creates schedules while monitoring progress against timelines. Works closely with project manager, design coordinators, and project teams on conceptual designs, presentations, design development, and production. Responsible for project deliverables, meeting overall project design schedules, as well as preparing and presenting design presentations Prepares technical documentation (e.g. user guides, technical specifications). Assists in the development of documentation and implementation of design process, policies and procedures. Assists with RFP bid document submissions. Liaise with clients, architects, engineers, trades, project managers, vendors, and other project stakeholders. Produces sample boards for presentation to clients. Performs work with minimum supervision, and work is assigned in terms of technical objectives. Provides support, and guidance and production assurance for complex or urgent problems. Makes recommendations or decisions on architecture, application design, standards and process improvements in line with client needs and requirements. Estimates and prioritizes work to maximize value while considering risk, effort and dependencies. Raises impediments, risks and issues as early as possible and work with the team to mitigate as needed. Develops design concepts that meet client needs and with consideration to work process, culture, project implementation, plans, serviceability, sustaining costs, environmental considerations (LEED), impact to related building systems and other project specific conditions. Executes design projects within pre-established budget, time and architectural program limitations. Selects materials according to design standards and budget. Undertake space planning responsibilities, as required. Acts as first point of contact, collecting information from clients and internal team members and conducts site visits to understand client’s spaces/spatial requirements, deficiencies, business adjacencies, work flow, constraints, and opportunities. Applies applicable building codes (e.g. egress and life safety) and liaise with local authorities as required, for purpose of gaining layout approvals. Vendor Management – Develops and maintains effective relationships with vendors. Monitors work progress and oversee vendor performance to ensure quality completion. Complies with all regulatory, environmental, health and safety requirements. Manages expectations and needs of client user groups without compromising client BGIS objectives. Responds quickly to client requests. Ensures proper and timely reporting and systems inputs. Takes responsibility for your individual and the team’s results. Assist in the development and implementation of new processes Supports management on large and/or unique assignments as required. Attends internal and external team meetings and provides status updates as required. Incorporates sustainable practice, where practical into space planning delivery, in accordance with company processes. Gains approval of project designs by internal business representatives and Project Managers. Other duties assigned. University degree in Interior Design, Masters’ Degree preferred. A combination of Diploma in Interior Design and work experience will be considered. At least 10 years of industry experience in commercial interior design. At least 1 to 2 years of successfully mentoring a team of designers. Must have experience with large and medium size projects, hospitality and commercial. Effective client service skills with ability to manage client expectations or redirect to supervisor as needed. Strong client orientation. Strong client service/management skills. Develop client case studies for Marketing materials. Ability to develop creative but functional interior design solutions solve client issues. Create sounds relationships with clients, contractors, and suppliers to promote repeat business. Interpersonal & Soft Skills Strong interpersonal skills. Must have excellent writing, communication, and organizational skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including presentation, documentation and report writing skills. Strong analytical, problems solving, and conflict management skills. Strong organizational and communication skills. Superior time management skills including the ability to manage multiple assignments simultaneously. Results-oriented with strong client service/management skills. Great teamwork skills and ability to work autonomously Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced, high volume, deadline driven environment. Communicate your ideas through a variety of methods including verbal, written, sketches, 3D perspectives, and AutoCAD. Facilitation skills: Run weekly status meetings with the team and clients to ensure project delivery. Provide guidance and mentorship to the design team to ensure quality design is carried throughout projects. Mentoring and coaching junior staff. Must be proficient in MS Excel, MS Office, MS Project, and AutoCAD. Experience working with SketchUp, Bluebeam, Adobe, and InDesign. Experience in facilities office planning and general knowledge of real estate business. General understanding of leasing structures and operating costs Financial skills: Ability to financially assess proposed office relocations and changes including cost estimating and forecasting skills. Exceptional project management skills to ensure targeted schedules are met for all projects on time, on budget, and on scope as agreed with the client. Strong project management documentation skills including project specification writing. Strong working knowledge of project management, design, move management, construction and scheduling as well as knowledge of various furniture systems, interiors, materials, and finishes. Creation and management of project budgets and workback schedules to ensure the firm is delivering on time and on budget. Exhibit detail-oriented project management skills Knowledge of and experience with industry standards, applicable building codes and regulations, including LEED Ability to work on multiple projects, schedule and meet deliverables, you also need to exhibit detail the design to allow for co-ordination, accurate pricing and construction Experience with RFP/RFI bid process and document submissions. Develop high-quality drawing and documentation sets that are clear, comprehensive and consistent Thorough knowledge of construction, mechanical, and electrical space impacts. Thorough knowledge of building issues, building and safety codes the range of relevant products and materials, ergonomics, LEED, Bill 124 and applicable industry standards and regulations. Review final working drawing packages and document contemplated changes, site instruction, change orders. Project Management Professional (PMP) Certified Change Management Practitioner NCIDQ is required ARIDO is required 
ScrapedJobID1489:
Bonuses Insurance coverage as of Day One Paid vacation and personal days RRSP matching Personal Spending Account (PSA) A modern Continuous Performance Process approach Dynamic and engaged culture Open-concept workspace with spectacular views of the city! Liaise with various internal departments regarding the integration, configuration, and troubleshooting of our proprietary software applications. Create, build, automate and improve the monitoring process and procedures Ensure a high level of availability of our various systems and applications to keep up with our SLAs and OLAs. Secure application systems and perform required daily controls. Execute application systems performance management and monitoring functions. Ensure proper operation of the different environments currently supported and conduct regular tests on them. Work with the team to ensure code delivery processes are followed and respected. Troubleshoot and provide level 3 technical support Ensure all production and non-production issues are tracked and perform the necessary follow-ups and/or escalations with the required internal or external departments. Help provide detailed root cause analysis of issues when they occur and help provide workarounds and solutions. Eliminate recurring technical issues by providing and implementing solid solutions in collaboration with cross-functional teams across multiple sites such as Network Operations, Quality Assurance and Development. University degree in Computer Science, Programming, or equivalent education or experience. Between 5 to 10 years of experience. Good working knowledge of UNIX or Linux and UNIX/Linux shell scripting Networking knowledge Experience in data analysis (SQL) Working knowledge of Perl and Java Knowledge of monitoring tools such as SolarWinds and New Relic Understanding of Jira and Service Now ticketing systems Knowledge of Splunk Knowledge of WebLogic 11 and up, Sun Solaris, RHEL, VM Ware ESX 5, Oracle database, F5 load balancer and global traffic manager (Akamai). Experience in a banking, financial services or credit card processing environment You are familiar and comfortable working in a production environment and are committed to producing high-quality work according to an unpredictable schedule. You are responsible and a solid team player who can work independently and have strong synthesizing and analytical skills. You can multitask and work in a fast-paced environment, often on projects with tight timelines and different/shifting priorities. Good communication skills (spoken and written). Availability for possible after-hours support of the team. Outstanding troubleshooting skills, customer-oriented attitude, detail oriented and organized. 
ScrapedJobID1490:

ScrapedJobID1491:

ScrapedJobID1492:
Analyzing the requirements from clients Arranging Test Environment to execute the test cases Conducting Review Meetings Analyzing and executing Test Cases Defect Tracking Communicating with Test Manager Test Plans Reporting of bugs to developers so as to fix it Test Cases for various testing processes Summary Reports Test Data for test cases Lesson Learnt documents (based on testing inputs from previous project) Suggestion Documents (to improve software quality) Test Scenarios 8 hour shift quality assurance: 4 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1493:
Responsible for the design, development, unit testing, systems testing, release, deployment and maintenance of custom built Java web-applications to meet established client and system requirements Work closely with clients, and cross-functional team members to understand business and technical requirements that drive the analysis and design of technical solutions Provide client support and consultation for development, integration as well as advice in areas of expertise Perform unit-level testing of system components and fix bugs Develop and review supporting technical specifications, design and documentations to ensure completeness Provide code maintenance and support across testing / validation cycles and post-production deployment Participate in user training and demonstrations of the web application products on an as-needed basis Support project estimating / planning processes. Ensure adherence to system development life cycle standards Participate in the evaluation, implementation, and documentation of existing and new web-based business solutions Contribute to the architectural design and development of a modern, strategic web-based application infrastructure Implementation of improved encryption standards for communications to and from secure server applications, optimize web security infrastructure for user authentication and authorization to controlled components Adhere to software development process frameworks and tools (including change control, quality assurance procedures) using leading practices, design patterns, and methodologies Perform database design, modeling, and database maintenance Identify and implement security measures for internet applications infrastructure Perform system validation requirements and procedures for web application M.Sc. in Computer Science, Mathematics or related fields Eight or more years of experience in relevant field Architecting re-usable and extendable web based solutions Understanding and applying J2EE security, Concurrency, Transactions, Session Management, J2EE Patterns, and Frameworks to application solutions Broad experience with various computing platforms (Unix and Windows) Experience with Architecture and Design patterns Experience with component-based development Requirements gathering and analysis Software development frameworks and methodologies, including SDLC, Waterfall, and Agile delivery methods 
ScrapedJobID1494:
The Program Manager will support the planning and implementation of an ongoing project Key areas of focus for the Program Manager include planning and coordinating engagements with key stakeholders/partners, tracking and managing projects towards defined milestones; and supporting research, planning, and development of project deliverables. Develop, maintain and monitor project plans, project schedules, budgets and expenditures across the various project workstreams Organize, attend and participate in project meetings leveraging experience working on technology & business projects Ensure documentation of business & technical requirements, action items and decisions in project meetings Follow up on actions items and decisions from meetings Prepare and distribute minutes to all project team members Prepare status reports and materials for meetings Planning - Planning the project, Planning the meetings Leading - Leading meetings, Leading project initiatives Encouraging and inspiring - Recognizing successes, Rewarding hard work Communicating - Reporting on project progress and status: Communicating with team leaders and stakeholders Executing – Understanding project life cycle; understanding of the project management process, allocating resource, Keep the project within the budget Team building - Hold regular team status meetings Encourage team bonding that encourage individual teams to work together towards a productive solution regarding the project, focusing on areas like better turnaround times, better communication, etc.). Monitoring - Monitor the progress that’s being made; Address roadblocks /risks Presenting - Hold retrospective meetings, Hold regular stakeholder meetings Managing time- Develop reasonable task schedules with contingencies Revisit your project schedule regularly Documenting - Creating proper project documentation, Proper documentation organization Experience building and maintaining project plans for business & technology projects (e.g., systems implementation) Experience gathering and documenting business & technical requirements Knowledge of software development methodologies (e.g., agile, waterfall) Leadership skills Effective communication Planning and strategic thinking Team management Time management and scheduling Task management skills Risk mitigation Expert negotiation skills 
ScrapedJobID1495:
Design complete electrical controls for new equipment PLC and HMI programming  Create electrical drawings Machine wiring Trouble shoot equipment, identify and fix problems Test equipment to make sure it performs according to specifications. Evaluate machine functioning and propose improvements as required. Analyze customer requirements and specifications  Support customers (phone, and in person) on the operation and troubleshooting of equipment When necessary, travel to customer sites to setup and repair equipment Solve and facilitate customer service issues as they arise Answer customer telephone calls and email messages in order to offer them the necessary support for product and service related questions and requests Document all pertinent information related to technical support Perform duties related to special project as required. Very fluent in English (oral and written) and good working knowledge of French DEC (mechanical/electrical) minimum education / Vocational or technical training Mechanical and electrical aptitudes are necessary Ability to read engineering drawings 5 years experience in programming PLC’s and HMI’s Meticulous and detail oriented Able to work with little guidance alone as well as in a team Shows initiative and drive and willing to learn and grow with the company Good communicator Knowledge of electrical drawing software Knowledge of packaging lines or related equipment is an asset Good knowledge of MS Office is an asset Assurance Dentaire Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise Stationnement sur place Tenue Décontractée 8 Heures DEC (Souhaité) programming PLC and HMI's: 5 ans (Souhaité) Non 
ScrapedJobID1496:
Troubleshooting and resolving IT software and hardware issues in a timely manner Communicating and working with technical and non-technical resources to diagnose problems, issues, concerns and escalations Writing and providing step-by-step instructions to fix technological issues Providing training sessions for new hardware or software products Installing and configuring Ghostlab related hardware and software for clients Prioritizing your workload to ensure the most critical issues are resolved first Documenting common support procedures that coworkers can follow Providing support remotely when necessary Keeping detailed logs of client problems, solutions, and customer satisfaction Providing technical support to technical and non-technical resources for client onboarding Providing first line support to technical and non-technical clients Degree in computer science or information technology preferred. Superb computer competence, including database management and code management Experience working with technical and non-technical resources/clients Understanding of Agile/Scrum methodology and how Integration Support functions within it Knowledge of quality assurance terminology, methods, and tools Analytical, problem-solving, and decision-making skills Previous experience in a technical support role Experience with remote desktop applications Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with strong presentation skills Strong qualitative and quantitative analysis skills, as well as impeccable research skills Empathetic disposition, with the ability to distill insights into the right product answers Innovative and like a good challenge, you are able to brainstorm new ways to engage with our community Risk-taker who thrives in a fast-paced, ever-evolving, and entrepreneurial environment. Team player with no ego. Willing to do whatever it takes Strategic thinker who stays up-to-date on current best practices. Brilliant problem solver capable of smashing through barriers that present themselves Passionate about introducing society to the most important asset in our generation Experience in technology (more specifically Bitcoin) startup environments Experience with WordPress Basic understanding of bitcoin Desire to change the world Aggressive medical benefits including: Medical Dental Physical Wellness Mental Wellness Health Spending Account Regular team events with the best team members you’ll ever work with Employee Shares and Options Plans A kitchen full of snacks and drinks to keep you energized Paid volunteer days and donation matching to local charities Bitcoin matching program Bitcoin denominated salary options Explosive industry revolutionizing the way society interacts with money Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Wellness program 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID1497:
Provide the necessary expert engineering advice and recommendations to the Engineering Manager for decision and guidance Evaluate existing electrical design to accommodate retrofits, modifications and improvements. Contribute to the development of conceptual, preliminary and detailed design of Electrical Systems. Prepare design documents, design requirements, design descriptions, technical specifications, tendering documents, standards, procedures and analyses reports. Review and/or recommend technical specification for Electrical equipment, tests, and processes/procedures. Provide engineering support during the construction, installation and commissioning project phases. Provide subject matter expert review and acceptance of designs prepared by outside agencies. Supervise technical staff and/or Junior Staff. Develop engineering specifications and standards facilitating a consistent design approach. Ability to work effectively in a multidisciplinary team and interact with staff at various levels of the organization. Able to work independently and as a member of a team to complete the required task. Able to interpret design drawings, documents, data collected from field visits and client’s needs. Able to develop innovative and safe solutions to Electrical Engineering challenges that may arise during the field season. Safe compensatory measures also need to be part of the solution portfolio. Able to carry out research as to codes and standards to apply, materials to use and procedures to use in the design. Capable of supervising technicians and acting as mentor to junior engineers. Able to interpret client’s needs and make recommendations as to alternatives to satisfy the need and the recommended solution and prepare the final solution (design, report). Devises new approaches, applies existing criteria in new manners and draws conclusions from comparative situations. Recommendations are normally accepted as technically accurate and feasible. Bachelor (Honours) degree in Electrical Engineering from a recognized university. Member of a provincial professional engineering association (e.g., PEO). Sound knowledge of Electrical engineering and more than ten (10) years of significant related experience Supervisory and project management experience. Experienced in the technical procurement process, including supplier qualification reviews, bid evaluations, review and acceptance of technical deliverables; and monitoring contractor performance vs. technical specifications. Experience in Design of electrical distribution systems, medium and low voltage power supply systems; alarm systems; lighting and grounding systems, cables testing, etc. Experience in electrical power studies (e.g. load flow, short circuit, coordination and arc flash) using power studies software (preferably ETAP). Ability to exercise sound judgment in technical matters, to routinely solve technical problems and to make independent decisions. Demonstrated performance in providing engineering oversight to various sizes of jobs. Excellent oral and written English communication skills; previous experience making technical presentations to small and large audiences. Demonstrated effective team leadership and team-building skills. Able to use computer programs, WORD, EXCEL. Knowledge of Design Engineering practices, organization and quality assurance processes, Engineering Change Control and Configuration Management. Excellent knowledge of CNL's engineering practices, organization and quality management program is an asset. Demonstrated knowledge of CSA N286/N285 quality standards. Knowledge of radiation protection (RP) standards and RP practices. Company pension Extended health care Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID1498:
Configure, operate, maintain, and monitor networking, server, and storage environments including physical appliances. Support Level 1 and Level 2 incidents while providing quality and timely solutions. Manage and maintain Fastco’s ITSM system while upholding industry best practices and company policies. Evaluate, build, and install IT hardware and software. Analyze, operate, maintain, and improve IT security systems and policies. Create and maintain documentation of configuration, operation and troubleshooting procedures. Collaborate with different parts of the IS team on various application and infrastructure projects. Configure, operate, and maintain Fastco’s hypervisor environment. Continuously monitor LAN, WAN, and WLAN traffic to ensure a robust backbone and edge operation. Maintain and monitor Fastco’s DRS environment — Perform monthly DR/BC simulations. Improve and simplify operations by automating tasks. Work closely with third-party vendors (ISV) to resolve operational issues. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. Excellent technical understanding at all levels. Strong organizational skills. Dynamic personality, excellent interpersonal skills, facilitator, self-motivated, and driven. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Able to communicate technical details in simplified terms. Demonstrates a positive attitude and remains calm in stressful situations. Demonstrates a high degree of adaptability and initiative. Comfortable learning new technologies quickly, and perpetually. University degree, college diploma or equivalent industry training in a related field. A minimum of 3 years in a similar position. Cisco certifications desired; Microsoft and CompTIA are assets. Familiar with the TCP/IP and OSI models. Fluent in both English and French; Excellent verbal and written English is a must. Network security experience (knowledge of Sophos and Fortinet products is desired). Superior hardware and software knowledge. Windows and Linux server administration experience (installation, deployment, maintenance, troubleshooting). Experience with VMware and Hyper-V products. M365, Azure, and/or GCP experience is an asset. Experience with cloud-based ERP systems is an asset (knowledge of SAP is preferred). Knowledge of IT standards (ITIL, ISO/IEC 27001). Knowledge of the automobile industry is an asset. Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Vie Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise Programme d'Aide aux Employés Programmes de Bien-être REER Collectif Stationnement sur place Tenue Décontractée 8 Heures Non 
ScrapedJobID1499:

ScrapedJobID1500:
Retirement savings plan with employer contribution Career and professional development Mentoring and sponsorship Ongoing development (Access to IBM training and certifications and more) Wellness account Telemedicine Flexible work schedule Even more benefits! Participate in the writing or validation of certain preliminary analyses and detailed architecture deliverables. Support, as needed, project teams with clients in the development of the requirements definition; Design and provide instructions for the business solution architecture and implementation approach. Act as a reference person for the documentation to be produced, based on the standard used at DGSAT, i.e., Macroscope. Participate in the development of integration test plans. Participate in activities such as quality assurance and verification of products or services. Resolve outstanding issues related to the business solution architecture. Ensure that the deadlines for the mandates under his/her responsibility are met. Validate functional analysis and test deliverables. Validate test strategies. Validate functional analysis and test deliverables; Validate test strategies; Ensure that test sets are realistic and represent actual production data. Validate load tests in collaboration with other members of the development team. Participate in follow-up meetings with the development team and report on progress, possible solutions, and/or problems that could compromise the project's schedule or completion. Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent. 8 years of experience in the IT field. 5 years in the functional architecture of web information applications. 2 years in a development methodology, either Green Guide or Macroscope. 2 years of practical experience in Agile development methodologies. 1 year with the use of modeling tools such as MS Visio OR Enterprise Architect; for the design of standardized diagrams (example UML). Casual dress Commuter benefits Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Stock options Store discount Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Software Development: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1501:
We're a diverse and growing team from around the world. We build best-in-class beautiful, functional products that our customers love. Our marketing platform is competing with the biggest companies in the marketing software industry. We have a big vision for the future of visual intelligence. We want you to be part of it. Our current stack includes: Vue.js, Python, Flask, Celery, Docker, MySQL, Redis, AWS (Aurora, ELB, ECS and lots more). Over 30 million unique monthly visitors for tools we support Our tools are used on many very popular websites Hundreds of TBs of media processed Over 1 million images / videos added every month Tens of TBs of data in our databases Over 100 EC2 production instances 99.999% uptime Large ML compute clusters for real time feedback Large ElasticSearch clusters for snappy searches Full CI/CD pipeline, 100% containerized microservice architecture Design, build, test and maintain web applications and services Implement APIs using RESTful conventions for integrating with web and mobile applications Work closely with our product and design teams to customize user experience on the front-end Analyze and optimize application code for efficiency and performance Write clean and well-organized code in accordance with industry best practices Participate in peer reviewing of code and share expertise with other team members 4+ years of experience doing hands-on software development Strong programming skills in Python and Javascript Experience working with single page applications Strong understanding of object-oriented programming concepts and design patterns Proficiency with APIs / microservices architecture Familiar with git or other version control tools Experience with Agile software development methodology Problem-solving mentality Product-first approach to building software Disciplined approach to testing and quality assurance Vue.js Aws Unit Testing MySQL ElasticSearch JavaScript Flask Python Celery APIs Vacation, personal days and sick time - because everyone deserves time to rest and recharge RRSP matching - because investing in your future self is important Annual mental health benefit - taking care of yourself allows you to show up as the best version of you at both work and home. Quarterly wellness benefit - do something for yourself that you may not do otherwise. Think personal travel, fitness, benefits top up allowance, learning and things for your overall well-being. Donation matching program - twice a year Dash Hudson matches contributions made by the team, to strengthen communities and organizations that we care about. Parental leave top up plan - welcoming a new addition to the family is a big change for anyone, we are here to support with that Work from home benefit - if you choose to work from home, you will have the funds needed to set up a space that supports your productivity and looks great too! Flexible working hours and location - it's a hybrid world and we are happy to be living in it! We're happy to accommodate a balance of working from home and in the office arrangements. Departmental and team-wide bonding activities - we value collaborative and supportive teams, so we get together to connect outside of our day-to-day as well. 
ScrapedJobID1502:

ScrapedJobID1503:

ScrapedJobID1504:
8 hour shift SAP Technical Architect: 5 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1505:
This role will be the centre of developing industry leading products. You’ll manage multiple concurrent projects, owning all projects requiring build deliverables. Following the Agile methodology and development process, manage cross-disciplinary projects to scope, budget and timelines to completion as defined by SOW Gathering estimates from the project team Working with leads to determine risks, interdependencies and specific assignments Planning sprint retrospectives, daily standups, backlog reviews, backlog grooming, and demos Unblocking tasks Scope prioritization with Strategy Lead Maintaining Asana sprint boards Tracking velocity and burndown rate P&L reporting Identifying resources requests to Discipline leads for right skilled assignments Developing weekly resource allocation view with Discipline leads Change management Raising risks and issues relating scope, budget or timelines. Identifying resolution actions and mitigation steps taken to date, provide recommendations for addressing issues. Making recommendations on process improvements to address issues Manage contingency allocation on projects. Contribute to sharing contingency across projects where needed. Release management Overseeing Quality Assurance and UAT process Management of the co-op students Lead, design and help Implement the DevOps solution Contribute to making efficiency improvements to the Development Processes You have worked in the software industry for a minimum of 10 years You are an expert in software development with a prior work experience as a software developer You have led multiple project teams concurrently You have minimum of 7+ years program and project management experience You can identify and implement industry development best practices. You have implemented industry best practices for project management You have a toolkit of mitigation actions taken on past projects You have a deep understanding of development constraints, technical risks, and technical interdependencies You have expertise in managing and building web applications and mobile solutions You have experience managing complex resource requirements across multiple projects You have a experience with modern technologies and development methodologies You have a deep understanding of Software development lifecycle and development processes You have a solid understanding of of DevOps You have experience implementing DevOps You have experience working with modern relational or non-relational databases such as Oracle or SQL Server, MySQL, Postgres, Redis, MongoDB, Cassandra, etc. And web development technologies You have an understanding of Microservices Design 
