ScrapedJobID1:
All candidates should be able to pass a background check as well as drug screening. Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home Can you work for any employer in Canada without sponsorship? Do you reside in Canada? Bachelor's Degree (required) Software development: 5 years (required) Databases: 2 years (required) JavaScript: 1 year (preferred) C#: 4 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID2:
Website and software application designing, building, or maintaining. Using scripting or authoring languages, management tools, content creation tools, applications, and digital media. Conferring with teams to resolve conflicts, prioritize needs, develop content criteria, or choose solutions. Directing or performing Website updates. Developing or validating test routines and schedules to ensure that test cases mimic external interfaces and address all browser and device types. Editing, writing, or designing Website content, and directing team members who produce content. Maintaining an understanding of the latest Web applications and programming practices through education, study, and participation in conferences, workshops, and groups. Back up files from Web sites to local directories for recovery. Identifying problems uncovered by customer feedback and testing, and correcting or referring problems to appropriate personnel for correction. Evaluating code to ensure it meets industry standards, is valid, is properly structured, and is compatible with browsers, devices, or operating systems. Determining user needs by analyzing technical requirements. Bachelor's degree in Web development or related field, or relevant experience. Solid knowledge and experience in programming applications. Proficient in JavaScript, HTML, CSS. Proficient in My SQL. Dedicated team player. Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment. Solid ability in both written and verbal communication. Knowledge of programming language and technical terminology. Able to develop ideas and processes and clearly express them. High degree of independent judgment. Able to solve complex problems. Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID3:
We are looking for a for development to build e-commerce and membership site for our clients. Membership based Website and software application designing, building, or maintaining. Using scripting or authoring languages, management tools, content creation tools, applications and digital media. Maintaining an understanding of the latest Web applications and programming practices through education, study, and participation in conferences, workshops, and groups. Back up files from Web sites to local directories for recovery. Evaluating code to ensure it meets industry standards, is valid, is properly structured, and is compatible with browsers, devices, or operating systems. Determining user needs by analyzing technical requirements. Experience in development of membership website Bachelor degree in Web development or related field, or relevant experience. Solid knowledge and experience in programming applications. Knowledge to use shopify or squarespace Proficient in My SQL. Solid ability in both written and verbal communication. Knowledge of programming language and technical terminology. Able to develop ideas and processes and clearly express them. High degree of independent judgment. Able to solve complex problems. Yes 
ScrapedJobID4:
Working directly with account managers on assigned client projects Planning, designing, coding and integrating web applications on new and existing products Partnering with clients to solve, fix, and improve web applications Collaborating with and supporting team members in terms of web development and projects A minimum of 3 years of experience within a similar role Experience with technologies such as or similar to PHP, Laravel, Vue.js, MySQL, and Docker, Node.js, and Git General knowledge around AWS ECS, Lambda, CI/CD, and Serverless as an asset Comfortable utilizing Linux or Mac Excellent communication skills in English, both written and verbal Great interpersonal skills - as a small, growing team, we work closely together Ability to work well remotely An exceptional team that offers and encourages consistent support and collaboration! The opportunity to be creative, own your projects, challenge yourself, and grow your technical skills A chance to gain valuable experience within different technologies of web development Fully remote work with the option of visiting the head office located in Montreal Competitive benefits including health, dental, vision, and more Flexible working hours Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday No weekends Laravel/Symfony: 1 year (required) Docker: 1 year (preferred) PHP: 1 year (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID5:
The ability to follow the development and testing processes with high attention to detail Some experience working on web and/or native mobile UI Good understanding of Mobile development concepts Strong analytical, time management, interpersonal, listening, and communication skills Understanding of user experience issues and internet design principles Works well in a fast paced team environment. Wordpress / Woocommerce Experience HTML5, CSS3 JavaScript, jQuery, PHP Front end framework experience An environment where you are always learning and moving your skills forward. A competitive salary A cohesive, supportive team environment. Post Secondary Web Development Education 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Are you currently living in Western Canada? AEC / DEP or Skilled Trade Certificate (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID6:
or equivalent experience WordPress Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Organized Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID7:
You are between 15 and 29 years of age You are a resident of Ontario You are able to commit for the duration of the program Individuals from black communities, indigenous communities, visible minorities, persons with disabilities and women are encouraged to apply You have either studied or have experience in design, information technology (coding/ computing etc.), marketing or business Tuition reimbursement Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID8:

ScrapedJobID9:
2 years experience building web applications in Python, PHP and JavaScript Experience and passion for modern web development technologies, methodologies, and techniques: HTML 5, CSS 3, JavaScript / jQuery, AJAX, etc. Knowledge of REST APIs Experience in building data driven website applications and knowledge of relational databases Experience working within teams Extreme attention to detail Excellent writing and proofing skills Server Side Database MySQL etc. Innovative and proven problem-solving skills Knowledge of Linux commands is a plus Familiar with Apache, Server configuration etc. is a plus Experience with mobile development is a plus Bachlor's degree or higher in Software Engineering Bonus pay Company events Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID10:
Have excellent communication skills; both written and spoken. Studying a degree in computer science, computer engineering, or have relevant experience, Fresh graduates are welcome Knowledge of and experience with HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript Knowledge of and experience with front-end development libraries, frameworks, and pre-compilers (Bootstrap, SASS/LESS, React, Angular) Knowledge of server-side web application development (e.g., C#, Java, Node.js) Understanding of relational and non-relational databases and database languages Familiarity of basic concepts of computer architecture, data structures, and programming practices Use of GIT as a source control Familiarity with Linux and Cloud based development environments Passion for technology and innovation 
ScrapedJobID11:

ScrapedJobID12:
Dental care Extended health care Vision care Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID13:
assist in gathering requirements and project specifications create websites and email templates from provided design concepts using standard HTML/CSS/JavaScript practices write and maintain technical documentation write clean, well-designed code identify and solve software issues experienced by clients. a post-secondary education in computer science or a related field or courses/programs specializing in website development 1-3 years of software development experience using web application technologies such as HTML, JavaScript, and CSS 1-3 years of experience with a database management system (SQL Server, MySQL, etc) knowledge of CMS platforms like WordPress or similar would be an asset knowledge of email deployment systems like Mailchimp, Constant Contact or similar would be an asset ability to work with database or spreadsheet data. strong understanding of CSS, Browser and Email Client relationships. awareness of and pride in 100% client satisfaction 
ScrapedJobID14:
Background in PHP and MySQL Proficient understanding of code versioning tool, Git Symfony, API knowledge and OAuth Server is preferred Strong organization and time management skills Experience in agile development strategy is preferred Full stack development experience is preferred 
ScrapedJobID15:
or equivalent experience Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Criminal record check Public transportation is available 
ScrapedJobID16:
You are between 15 and 29 years of age You are a resident of Ontario You are able to commit for the duration of the program Individuals from black communities, indigenous communities, visible minorities, persons with disabilities and women are encouraged to apply You have either studied or have experience in design, information technology (coding/ computing etc.), marketing or business Tuition reimbursement Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID17:
Consulting firm Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code JavaScript HTML CSS Basic security clearance Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Handling heavy loads Manual dexterity Attention to detail Ability to distinguish between colours Sound discrimination Sitting Combination of sitting, standing, walking Standing for extended periods Bending, crouching, kneeling Tight deadlines JavaOS C# .NET Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized Remote work available Medical Benefits Dental Benefits 
ScrapedJobID18:
3+ years agency experience A desire to work with mission-driven institutions like nonprofits, universities, museums, and civic organizations Excellent communication for both internal and client-facing communications. Proficiency with JavaScript Mastery of web standards and best practices, particularly the ability to leverage templating languages like Twig to write meaningful, semantic HTML that responds across devices and breakpoints, degrades gracefully, and meets (or exceeds) the latest accessibility guidelines. Though we very often roll our own, frontend frameworks help us not reinvent the wheel, and save time. You should know when and where to use modern frameworks like Bootstrap and Material Design as a baseline. Comfort with Drupal 8/9 and a desire to learn more; expertise desired. Comfort with modern development practices, build tools, and package managers. Stylesheet mastery in CSS3 including flexbox, grids, and the rest of the goodies. DRY principles. SASS structures that honor reusable component architectures. Git and version control best practices Familiarity with Variable Fonts and advanced media queries Agile methodologies, Scrum, and issue tracking tools like JIRA SVG and CSS3 animation JavaScript-based frameworks like React, AngularJS, Vue.js Gatsby, or AwesomeThingJS Visual design User Experience design Information architecture Mapping and data visualization 
ScrapedJobID19:
Participate in project planning meetings to design and document software features, requirements, and specifications Communicate effectively with end users to determine software requirements Write and maintain code in conjunction with other developers and changing requirements Read and write documentation for code Maintain, support, and enhance legacy applications Assist Senior development team with business development initiatives (demonstrations, client meetings, presentations, bids and proposal support, etc.) Remain current on web technology trends, and rapidly learn and apply new skills and tools during the life cycle of a project Clear understanding of computer programming principles React.js, GraphQL, Azure Comfortable using Visual Studio Code Hardware/Software experience with servers, desktops, laptops and printers in a Windows environment Ability to work in a team environment Good troubleshooting and strong analytical thinking skills Self starter and motivated Ability to learn on their own Bonus pay Casual dress Flexible schedule Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID20:
Collaborate with team members to review requirements and interface and application design specifications Design beautiful interfaces with an elegant simplicity that will revolutionize an industry Implement sophisticated single page web applications with top-notch loading times Strong computer science fundamentals demonstrated through a degree in computer science or engineering, plus work experience in the field Experience with JavaScript and single page web applications (HTML5, CSS3) Python development Linux, git Exceptional attention to detail and focus on quality We work in tight-knit teams to maximize speed and cultivate an ownership mentality. We cherish curiosity and an obsession for details because we know these details are invaluable over the long run. We promote an environment where ideas are challenged. The best ideas win! We're hyperfocused on our achievements and our ability to execute on our promises. We act with urgency. It's not always about us.* We give back to our community to ensure it can grow.* We love to compete and have fun. Our game nights are legendary 
ScrapedJobID21:
Design and develop stunning websites on WordPress (no coding knowledge required) Write engaging content for each website. In most cases, the client will provide a rough draft of the written content, and then you will review and edit everything to make sure that the content is engaging and effectively structured for an elegant design Implement basic SEO tasks (no prior SEO experience is required) Communicate directly with clients (via email, phone, and Zoom) to customize their website, fulfill their unique needs, and exceed their expectations Ask clients to post an online review about their great experience Build and refine the agency’s standard operating procedures (SOPs) to optimize workflows and make the process straightforward for future employees Meet with prospective clients (virtually) to learn about their requirements and convince them to choose Azuro Digital if we’re a good fit for their project. Our owner will lead the sales process, but you will sometimes be asked to provide assistance Provide a portfolio of previous web design work, with an emphasis on quality over quantity. Even if you’ve only built 1 website in the past, you might still be a great fit for this position. The platform on which you built your previous websites doesn’t matter (we just need to know that you’re a good designer). Your portfolio can be delivered in any format (active website URLs, screenshots, design files, etc) and you can also include other types of designs in your portfolio (graphic design, logo design, etc) Excellent communication skills (written and verbal) Motivated to take initiative, grow the company, and become a leader Experience with WordPress (especially the Elementor page builder) Experience with Webflow Experience with custom code Logo design experience Graphic design experience SEO experience As our first full-time hire, you will be treated more like a “partner” rather than an employee. You will have a significant impact on shaping the future trajectory of our company Opportunity to eventually take on a leadership role at the company (hiring, training, and managing future designers - in addition to working on the company’s largest and most exciting web design projects) Plenty of room for professional growth and salary increases Work from anywhere. The position is fully remote Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Are you going to submit your application on our website? Here is the link: https://azurodigital.com/job-application/ Yes 
ScrapedJobID22:
or equivalent experience WordPress Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Organized Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID23:
Code, test and maintain applications, web services and components in Microsoft C# and ASP.NET, and .NET Frameworks Write scalable, maintainable code using Microsoft naming conventions and best practices. Extensive knowledge of Object-Oriented Design, architecture and design patterns Clarify business requirements by working with business analysts and end users; create high-level and detailed design specifications to address user goals; formulate plans – outlining steps required to develop programs for design deliverables Participate in peer-reviewed requirements and design Estimate assigned work effort and be accountable for deliverables and completion dates Analyze, review and modify programs to increase operating efficiency Follow and improve established software delivery lifecycles, programming standards and frameworks Development includes new product investment initiatives and client-requested custom modifications and enhancements Ability to adapt in an environment that demands customer satisfaction Provide 24x7 (Tier 3) production and UAT/QA application support Require occasional overtime and travel Computer Science Degree or 3+ years of web development experience. 1+ years experience working in Java, .NET or another C-style language through personal or work experience 1+ years of experience with Web technologies (HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, jQuery Mobile, etc.) 1+ years of extensive development with MySQL or MSSQL databases Understanding of client/server and multi-tier architectures Understanding and experience writing SQL queries and schema design. Experience developing UI and graphical components Understanding of REST and SOAP web services Experience building web applications and integrations using REST and SOAP web services Experience with a source control management solution (e.g. Subversion, GIT, etc.) Experience deploying web applications on Microsoft Internet Information Server and related technologies Experience leveraging open source components and technologies Full life cycle experience on enterprise or commercial software projects Experience developing UI and graphical components for various client layers Strong English documentation skills Strong problem-solving, analysis and troubleshooting skills Drive to continually improve and learn Ability to comprehend & follow established procedures Ability to make decisions using critical reasoning Ability to prioritize, manage multiple responsibilities and meet deadlines Strong communication skills (written, reading comprehension, listening, verbal) in English Ability to work independently without high degree of supervision Ability to collaborate and communicate effectively with team members and maintain effective working relationships Ability to adapt and change as priorities and needs change Exceptional customer service approach working with internal users and external customers Bonus pay Dental care Extended health care RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Can you, after employment, submit your verification of your right to work in the United States or Canada? Yes 
ScrapedJobID24:
You will be embraced by a massive community of like-minded individuals You will level up your skills and experience what true mastery feels like You will get your fingerprints on really cool stuff Casual and flexible work environment, including the opportunity to work fully remote Competitive company-paid benefits plan Generous professional development budget Half day Fridays in the summer and extended holiday break in December An Ottawa office that offers collaborative workspaces, an in-office pool table, golf simulator, large kitchen and more! Primarily develop in full stack JavaScript/Node.js (we’re proud to have a fully JS platform!) Be a part of a work culture that encourages learning, growth, and collaboration, believing that it is with great people that we achieve great things Get to learn and experiment with different technologies, learning technologies and design patterns that are tried and true as well as newer emerging ones Collaborate in peer design and code reviews, write automated tests, and participate in daily scrums Work with additional technologies to assist the DevOps team in delivery service-oriented architecture, including Linux, Docker, JVM and more 3+ year degree/ diploma in engineering, programming or computer science or equivalent work experience as a developer An intermediate to senior understanding of Node.js, JavaScript and SQL backed by at least 1-2 years of professional experience with those technologies Strong understanding of middleware, asynchronous functions, streams and functional programming concepts in Node.js/ JavaScript Familiarity with the OWASP Top 10 web application security risks Capable of working well within a team and desire to provide a strong product experience Comfortable with receiving constructive criticism and compromising on proposed solutions Strong communication and self organization skills DevOps experience deploying an application in a Linux environment with tools such as Kubernetes and Docker Intermediate to senior understanding of Express, LESS, Bootstrap, and Backbone Familiarity with core i-Sight technologies, processes, and standards such as gitflow style branching, semver style versioning, GitHub, JIRA, OSX, Agile, Scrum, etc. 
ScrapedJobID25:
Write well designed, testable, efficient code by using best software development practices Create website layout/user interface by using standard HTML/CSS practices Integrate data from various back-end services and databases Gather and refine specifications and requirements based on technical needs Create and maintain software documentation Be responsible for maintaining, expanding, and scaling our site Stay plugged into emerging technologies/industry trends and apply them into operations and activities Cooperate with web designers to match visual design intent Proven working experience in web programming Top-notch programming skills and in-depth knowledge of modern HTML/CSS Familiarity with at least one of the following programming languages: C#, ASP.NET, Javascript Strong structured database query language skills SQL and database design in Microsoft SQL Server Knowledge of Internet Information Sever set up A solid understanding of how web applications work including security, session management, and best development practices Adequate knowledge of relational database systems, Object Oriented Programming and web application development Hands-on experience with network diagnostics, network analytics tools Basic knowledge of Search Engine Optimization process Aggressive problem diagnosis and creative problem solving skills Strong organizational skills to juggle multiple tasks within the constraints of timelines and budgets with business acumen Ability to work and thrive in a fast-paced environment, learn rapidly and master diverse web technologies and techniques. BS in computer science or a related field Solid experience in C#, .net, javascript Proficient in JavaScript, HTML, CSS. Strong visual studio knowledge Solid SQL language skills Ability to design tables in Microsoft SQL database Server Knowledge of Microsoft Access database 
ScrapedJobID26:
Canadian Citizen or Permanent Resident (No exceptions) University Degree or Technical Degree in a technical discipline NextJS SQL Async Calls Socket / Websockets Node.Js Sequelize Flexible schedule Profit sharing Stock options Monday to Friday Have you read and confirmed you meet the eligibility criteria for this role? NextJS: 1 year (preferred) ReactJS: 1 year (required) Node.js: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID27:
Deliver high quality products at a rapid pace Collaborating closely with Product Team to build the best data science applications Building new functionality for Arima's backend and data services Experience with web technologies, including HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript Highly experienced with back-end programming languages (preferably Python) Hands on professional experience with React Proficient experience using advanced JavaScript libraries and frameworks. Experience with building RESTful APIs, and databases Experience with responsive web applications Experience in Data Science and Machine Learning would be helpful, but not required. Bonus pay Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Stock options Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Python: 1 year (required) React: 1 year (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID28:

ScrapedJobID29:
Background in PHP and MySQL Proficient understanding of code versioning tool, Git Symfony, API knowledge and OAuth Server is preferred Strong organization and time management skills Experience in agile development strategy is preferred Full stack development experience is preferred 
ScrapedJobID30:
You are a team player and fierce collaborator, though can also work independently You are proactive and self-directed You maintain a high awareness of industry issues and trends, particularly in regards to accessibility, usability, and emerging technologies You understand major browsers and browser development tools, and are familiar with browser testing and debugging across multiple browsers, platforms, and devices, including smartphones and tablets You have great communication skills – both written and verbal You are Knowledgeable and experienced with web development methodologies (agile, waterfall) Develop clean, efficient, maintainable, modular (JavaScript/HTML/CSS/ PHP) code Provide accurate timing estimates on work Contribute to documentation (instructional, pitch, and technical specification) Collaborate and guide other non-technical staff, particularly designers, on how they can help with the process Discuss technical solutions with clients and provide innovative new ideas and solutions Constantly seek to develop yourself by experimenting with new technologies and assess what could be useful for the team Conduct code reviews with fellow team members Consistently meet deadlines and have the ability to prioritize multiple projects Minimum 2-6 years of web development experience in agency or in-house Experience with WordPress is a must, preferable to have experience with other content management systems as well (e.g., HubSpot, Adobe Experience Manager, Joomla, Drupal, Umbraco, Webflow, Contentful, Contentstack) Knowledge of email marketing platforms such as Marketo, Silverpop, HubSpot, Oracle Marketing Cloud (Eloqua), Salesforce Pardot Fluency in Adobe Creative Suite, Microsoft Office/Apple software (Word, PowerPoint, Keynote, Excel), and wireframing software (Figma, InVision, Sketch, Adobe XD, etc.) Experience working in B2B or business marketing in complex categories is a plus 
ScrapedJobID31:

ScrapedJobID32:

ScrapedJobID33:
You are a team player and fierce collaborator, though can also work independently You are proactive and self-directed You maintain a high awareness of industry issues and trends, particularly in regards to accessibility, usability, and emerging technologies You understand major browsers and browser development tools, and are familiar with browser testing and debugging across multiple browsers, platforms, and devices, including smartphones and tablets You have great communication skills – both written and verbal You are Knowledgeable and experienced with web development methodologies (agile, waterfall) Develop clean, efficient, maintainable, modular (JavaScript/HTML/CSS/ PHP) code Provide accurate timing estimates on work Contribute to documentation (instructional, pitch, and technical specification) Collaborate and guide other non-technical staff, particularly designers, on how they can help with the process Discuss technical solutions with clients and provide innovative new ideas and solutions Constantly seek to develop yourself by experimenting with new technologies and assess what could be useful for the team Conduct code reviews with fellow team members Consistently meet deadlines and have the ability to prioritize multiple projects Minimum 2-6 years of web development experience in agency or in-house Experience with WordPress is a must, preferable to have experience with other content management systems as well (e.g., HubSpot, Adobe Experience Manager, Joomla, Drupal, Umbraco, Webflow, Contentful, Contentstack) Knowledge of email marketing platforms such as Marketo, Silverpop, HubSpot, Oracle Marketing Cloud (Eloqua), Salesforce Pardot Fluency in Adobe Creative Suite, Microsoft Office/Apple software (Word, PowerPoint, Keynote, Excel), and wireframing software (Figma, InVision, Sketch, Adobe XD, etc.) Experience working in B2B or business marketing in complex categories is a plus 
ScrapedJobID34:
Knowledge of best practices building a clean codebase. eg. file maintenance, component structure Portfolio demonstrating your frontend skills Motivation to learn and be on the forefront of current technology standards and practices Strong knowledge of fundamentals of JavaScript without a framework 2-5 years exp. with one or many of the top JavaScript frameworks or libraries. ie. React, Vue, Angular Strong knowledge of CSS Comfortable with the command line and git utilities Worked with large projects from inception to completion Familiarity with working with different CMS integrations and building out clean content structures Experience with GraphQL and Apollo Experience with Node Experience with NextJS or NuxtJS Familiar with SSR applications and their requirements Experience with Styled Components Experience with MongoDB or other databases Experience with ecommerce platforms, e.g. Shopify Plus, CommerceCloud, Hybris, etc. 
ScrapedJobID35:
Perform maintenance and updates to existing websites. Integrate multimedia concepts with technical graphic design elements, as appropriate. Develop and propose creative prototypes/solutions that address overall design, site navigation and layout of content. cPanel/WHM Administration. Knowledge and experience with installation/management of CMS Applications (Wordpress, Joomla). Familiarity with interactive design and designing for web. Expert knowledge of HTML/XHTML and CSS. Attention to detail, customer-service orientation, and creativity in problem-solving. 
ScrapedJobID36:
Dental care Extended health care Vision care Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID37:
Craft scalable JavaScript and Python code to integrate with customer websites, apps, and APIs Flex your Javascript muscle to design/develop single page web apps that use Redux Work with Django in a microservices architecture Implement APIs over HTTP and gRPC Strong computer science fundamentals demonstrated through a degree in computer science or engineering, plus work experience in the field Experience with JavaScript and single page web applications (HTML5, CSS3) Python development Linux, git Exceptional attention to detail and focus on quality We work in tight-knit teams to maximize speed and cultivate an ownership mentality. We cherish curiosity and an obsession for details because we know these details are invaluable over the long run. We promote an environment where ideas are challenged. The best ideas win! We're hyperfocused on our achievements and our ability to execute on our promises. We act with urgency. It's not always about us. We give back to our community to ensure it can grow. We love to compete and have fun. Our game nights are legendary. 
ScrapedJobID38:
Work on Website development tasks Take an active role in understanding technical requirements and devise solutions for achieving them and building a quality performance and responsive webistes Work o develop architecture and create implementation plans Assess tasks to determine the effort required and estimate the complexity Support the website by carrying out tasks on a routine basis Perform Website Audits to maintain performance, and SEO Optimization Review, test and enhance existing features Performance tuning, testing, and documentation 5+ years of professional experience with developing websites and web applications including Mobile Excellent English communication skills; both verbal and written Ability to develop comprehensive and well-designed solutions for complex problems Performing QA on own work and be accountable for their results Detail-oriented with the ability to learn new technologies and libraries through self-study Strong understanding of front-end frameworks such as Gatsby, React (preferred) or similar frameworks. Extensive experience with developing web applications using Netlify, Github and WordPress. Experience developing, optimizing, and debugging Javaacript code Past experience with using software development tools and methods (source control, unit testing, bug tracking, continuous integration, etc.) Software development Gatsby, React, WordPress, Github, Netlify QA Testing, Project Management Technical experience Bonus pay Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID39:
3+ years agency experience A desire to work with mission-driven institutions like nonprofits, universities, museums, and civic organizations Excellent communication for both internal and client-facing communications. Proficiency with JavaScript Mastery of web standards and best practices, particularly the ability to leverage templating languages like Twig to write meaningful, semantic HTML that responds across devices and breakpoints, degrades gracefully, and meets (or exceeds) the latest accessibility guidelines. Though we very often roll our own, frontend frameworks help us not reinvent the wheel, and save time. You should know when and where to use modern frameworks like Bootstrap and Material Design as a baseline. Comfort with Drupal 8/9 and a desire to learn more; expertise desired. Comfort with modern development practices, build tools, and package managers. Stylesheet mastery in CSS3 including flexbox, grids, and the rest of the goodies. DRY principles. SASS structures that honor reusable component architectures. Git and version control best practices Familiarity with Variable Fonts and advanced media queries Agile methodologies, Scrum, and issue tracking tools like JIRA SVG and CSS3 animation JavaScript-based frameworks like React, AngularJS, Vue.js Gatsby, or AwesomeThingJS Visual design User Experience design Information architecture Mapping and data visualization 
ScrapedJobID40:
8 hour shift Node.js: 3 years (required) React: 3 years (required) JavaScript: 5 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID41:
Designs and develops user-centered front-end websites for the Faculty and its departments, creating all visual and creative elements. Conducts regular web audits and site maintenance to ensure effective system performance, Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) compliance, and overall integrity of websites. Provide ongoing technical support and design advice. Proactively identifies ways to improve and optimize the user experience through surveys, user testing, user feedback and google analytics. Collaborates with clients to ensure satisfaction at all stages of design implementation. Graphic Design Conceptualize and execute all graphic elements for our digital marketing channels (display ads, social, newsletters, website, etc.), as well as all print collateral (annual report, undergraduate booklet, awards program, etc.). Responsible for digital illustration and infographics. Continually identify opportunities to create added value, be proactive with innovative ideas and creative solutions. Advise on accompanying content, editorial direction, photography, and graphic design best practices across all platforms. Collaborate with team members, academic and administrative units across campus, and with our community partners and media to conceptualize and execute projects. Successful completion of a post-secondary university degree in Integrated Media, Web and Graphic Design or equivalent discipline. Minimum of two (2) years of recent and related work experience in web and graphic design including: Professional experience designing and maintaining front-end responsive websites including experience with UX, UI, IA, accessibility, QA, and user testing. Professional experience in graphic designing print and digital pieces for a range of target audiences. High level of creativity and capability in all aspects of print production and digital design. Demonstrated ability to conceptualize and design a variety of visually impactful communications products, ranging from print and online publications to promotional marketing campaigns to web and social media channels. Knowledge and understanding of web and graphic designing best practices and principles. Demonstrated experience producing and testing high quality UX design solutions through wireframes, visual and graphic designs, flow diagrams, storyboards, site maps, and prototypes for responsive websites. Expertise in providing artistic direction for visual storytelling through videos, photos, illustrations, infographics, etc. Strong project management, time management, and critical thinking skills. Strong attention to detail. Excellent command of various applications and tools such as Content Management Systems (Adobe CQ), web analytics (Google Analytics), SEO, Adobe Creative Suite (InDesign, Photoshop), and proficient in MS Office and Google Workspace. Excellent creative writing and verbal communication skills. Demonstrated commitment to client service and interpersonal skills. Photography, videography, and video editing skills are an asset. Experience working for a research-intensive academic organization is an asset. Mid-year break that provides two weeks of paid time off in addition to your vacation. Group benefits including health and dental, employee and family assistance programs (EFAP) and more! Tuition waiver for eligible employees and their spouse and/or dependent and Tuition Rebate for eligible employees. Ryerson Retirement Plan (RRPP): A defined benefit pension plan. Access to the Ryerson medical centre directly on campus. Flexible work arrangements And many more! 
ScrapedJobID42:
A degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering (or related training) In-depth knowledge of JavaScript (ES6/2015+) Experience building mobile web apps, preferably with React Native Experience with RESTful API consumption, caching, and error handling Familiarity with Git, pull requests, and CI/CD workflows Experience with GraphQL (or a strong willingness to learn) A passion for clean architecture and future-proof code + a desire to stay up to date in web tech A collaborative and innovative spirit Experience with a client state manager, like Apollo Client Experience with automated testing frameworks such as Jest Experience with profiling and optimizing your creations Experience with native mobile development (either native projects or writing plugins for React Native) Your CV, highlighting your background, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID43:
Developing the front-end of the various tools 6ix employs Running comprehensive usability tests to ensure it meets the highest standards possible. Ensuring our product runs seamlessly on all devices and browsers. Develop and implement strategies on how to enhance the user experience across our products. Collaborate with back-end developers to integrate with their solutions. Build reusable code and libraries for future use and follow emerging technologies. Track your key performance indicators (KPIs) and be accountable to achieving them. Communicate and coordinate closely with team members and manager to ensure that deliverables are of high-quality and on-time. 5 years experience in a similar role. Fluent in HTML, CSS (critical) Fluent in Bootstrap, Angular JS, ReactJS, Ember. Must have experience with the latest Angular Framework 2/4/6/7/8/9. Experience working with server-side CSS pre-processing platforms like LESS, SASS. Experience working with client-side scripting and Javascript frameworks. Familiarity with design tools (Figma, Sketch, Photoshop) Solid understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and work arounds Experienced in cloud-based solutions and responsive design. Experience working in an Agile environment. A bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related degree. Excellent communication skills and an ability to work as part of a time in a fast-moving environment. Excellent organizational skills and an ability to set and meet ambitious targets. 
ScrapedJobID44:
To work with some of the best professionals in the business - for a firm that values individual intellect as much as teamwork State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential Design, implement, and support the data platform Be capable of handling large complex datasets using python technology to stay competitive in the fast-moving financial market. Develop scalable solutions to problems and do the proof of concepts and tech reviews of different solutions. Build high performance analytics platform and maintain key system features within data platform. Collaborate with various Morgan Stanley business units, product owners, data scientists, and engineering teams to understand requirements and conduct capacity planning in Agile/scrum environment. Provide technical guidance and guidance to other engineers. Focus on Automation and optimizations for all areas of data analytics platform maintenance and deployment. At least 3 years of experience Experience developing & designing data-driven systems in Python Python data engineering stack including libraries such as Flask / Numpy / Pandas / Dask / Plotly / Jupyter KDB knowledge or experience with another high-performance time series database Full stack HTML5 Web development experience Experience with financial concepts such as equities / fixed income / options / futures Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID45:
Responsible for working with product development team to build new components to the system, as well as maintaining and updating existing software. Assist in system architecting, designing and development of Bureau Veritas Laboratories Web Application. Work with existing developers in providing support for the data-base driven software products. Develop test data for use in unit, integration, and user testing to ensure that application meets application design specifications. Ensure that departmental development standards are followed. Other duties and responsibilities as assigned. 4+ years of extensive experience on designing and implementing web applications using React with RESTful API service 4+ years of experience with common front-end development tools such as Babel, Webpack, NPM. 5+ years of hands-on experience with Javascript/TypeScript development 2+ years of hands-on experience working with json-web-token authorization HTML and CSS coding experience with C#, React, JQuery, Javascript, Visual Studio, TFS and MS SQL Server. Experience and understanding of WEB API and MVC frameworks and of design patterns. Ability to elaborate functional and architectural specifications for different features. Familiarity with code versioning tools such as Git, TFS and continuous integration DevOps tools Good understanding of each of the parts that make up a modern web application (APIs, templating, routing, data storage, design patterns, optimization, caching, security) Working experience with designing and implementing object oriented distributed applications using .NET technologies in C# will be a plus. Working experience with ASP.NET/.NETCore will be a plus Ability to communicate clearly and effectively with both development and non-development staff. Attentive to the needs of customers (both internal and external to the organization). University degree in Computer Science/Computer Engineering or a related field is preferred. 
ScrapedJobID46:
A culture that is one-of-a-kind — a happy team is a hard-working team High focus on the health and wellness of our staff including flexible hours A unique revenue sharing plan — as the company succeeds, so do you Competitive salaries and accelerated promotions for those who go above and beyond Dedication to hiring students and new graduates; it keeps us feeling young Working in the heart of Silicon Dartmouth — the office is car, bike and bus friendly for those working from the office. A social committee that plans 3-4 fun events every year: paint ball, BBQs, bowling, rock climbing and virtual events have been done before. Be a growth agent. Maintain design consistency, aesthetics, and functionality of web application pages. Build and maintain communication processing systems. Oversee the complete software development life cycle on client-server platforms and internet application architectures. Testing, troubleshooting, and resolving software issues. Design, develop, and maintain web-based applications in PHP 7, MySQL 5, HTML 5, and JavaScript. Working in a Linux console environment with VIM. 1-2 years software development experience. Knowledge of object-oriented programming and standard design patterns. Effective technical communications and documentation skills. Ability to take natural language requirements and transform them into technical specifications. Knowledge of version control such as GIT, SVN, Mercurial or Team Foundation Server. Project planning tools for UML design, diagramming, and general project management. Operating system knowledge in Linux and Windows. Knowledge in Mac an asset. Development experience with functional programming languages, artificial intelligence, queueing systems, C/C++, Node.js, AngularJS, Restful APIs, XML, XHTML, AJAX, or JSON an asset. Mobile development experience is an asset. Server management experience is an asset. Knowledge of ticket and work management systems such as Phabricator, Trac, Atlassian or RT an asset. Experience editing Wikis such as MediaWiki or Phabricator an asset. 
ScrapedJobID47:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Initiative Team player Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID48:
Contribute to a cross-functional agile team developing and maintaining web sites for some of the biggest names in the financial industry Develop single page applications in React or Vue Produce RESTful API applications in Node.js which adhere to specifications defined in Swagger 2.0/OpenAPI Utilize microservice-style backend applications to retrieve and process complex datasets Create visually stunning client-side rendered charts and graphs Use your knowledge of the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines to produce applications that make content accessible to all users Mentor and learn from developers of all levels, continually building your own skill sets and capabilities in order to help teams achieve their sprint and project goals Partner with our amazing design team to bring our client’s vision to reality Tap into your passion for building intuitive, performant, and secure web experiences to create the next generation of industry leading web sites Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field 3+ years of application development experience Experience developing responsive applications for mobile, tablet, and desktop Applicable experience using the following technologies: JavaScript, HTML, CSS jQuery, Bootstrap, LESS. SASS React, Vue, or Angular Node.js Web Accessibility (WCAG 2.1 AA) NPM, Gulp, Continuous Integration Tools Centralized version control system like Git or Subversion RESTful APIs with Swagger/OpenAPI specifications Ability to work independently or in a team-oriented environment Experience working in an Agile Development environment Strong written and verbal communication and presentation skills Experience working with containers Experience using tools such as GitHub, Jira, Confluence, Jenkins, Artifactory, Consul, and Docker Experience with Continuous Integration and automated testing Knowledge of Financial domain 
ScrapedJobID49:
Work with senior level programming team on various tasks. Maintain and update existing websites in a timely manner. Take existing sites and populate content and photographs. Build small scale WordPress or HTML sites. Basic understanding of Web development stacks: HTML, CSS, JS, React (or React Native), flux / redux, REST API, Heroku, Git, OAuth. Basic knowledge of Android Natives: Java, Kotlin. Good to have: Google Cloud Platform. Post-Secondary Degree or Diploma in Computer Science, Software Engineering. Excellent written and oral communications skills is required. Ability to work effectively with customers and co-workers. 
ScrapedJobID50:
Take part in the design, development and evolution of our web applications Collaborate with the web development team and the product management team Be involved in meetings and the Scrum process Work with programming languages and frameworks such as C#, TypeScript, .Net and Angular Work with SQL Server databases Work with the Azure DevOps development infrastructure platform 
ScrapedJobID51:
Strive to create and maintain clean code and engage in peer code reviews Identify issues and develop solutions and processes that address and resolve them Unit and integration testing as per standards and design specifications Participate in on-going discussions and contribute ideas that speak to project objectives like design, user experience, development, testing solutions, and tools Manage multiple assignments while working independently or as part of an integrated team HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React Experience with Gatsby, SASS or LESS is a plus Strong experience with using NPM, and Webpack to build and streamline processes Proven ability to translate approved UI / UX design mock-ups to feature-rich, pixel-perfect websites and web applications Ability to write clean, modular, high-performance, reusable code/ UI components/libraries Experience integrating RESTful services and APIs Remote and Hybrid Work Opportunities Grow your career with challenging and rewarding work that makes a difference Opportunity to give back through our social responsibility initiatives Work with a fun, passionate, travel-loving team! Great travel perks! Free Parking Open concept, collaborative workspace See for yourself! @sunwinglife 
ScrapedJobID52:
or equivalent experience Adobe Acrobat Reader Adobe Illustrator Adobe Photoshop Flash Corel Draw Adobe Dreamweaver Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Willing to travel Willing to travel regularly Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Handling heavy loads Attention to detail Ability to distinguish between colours Tight deadlines Willing to relocate Internet Networking security Intranet Servers Project management software HTML editing software Web service design MS Office Enterprise Applications Integration (EAI) Computer-aided design (CAD) Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits Pension Plan Benefits Vision Care Benefits 
ScrapedJobID53:
As per the Canada Summer Jobs Program, participants must be between 15–30 years of age and must be legally entitled to work according to the relevant provincial/territorial legislation and regulations. 
ScrapedJobID54:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Initiative Team player Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID55:
Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls MySQL Java HTML Python JavaOS Team player Medical Benefits Dental Benefits 
ScrapedJobID56:
Participate in the entire application lifecycle, focusing on coding and debugging Write clean code to develop functional web applications Troubleshoot and debug applications Perform UI tests to optimize performance Collaborate with Front-end developers to integrate user-facing elements with server side logic Gather and address technical and design requirements Liaise with developers, designers and system administrators to identify new features Proven work experience as a Back-end developer In-depth understanding of the entire web development process (design, development and deployment) Hands on experience with programming languages like Java, Ruby, PHP and Python Working knowledge of CMS framework Familiarity with front-end languages (e.g. HTML, JavaScript and CSS) Excellent analytical and time management skills Teamwork skills with a problem-solving attitude BSc degree in Computer Science or relevant field Yes 
ScrapedJobID57:
Consulting firm Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code JavaScript HTML CSS Basic security clearance Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Handling heavy loads Manual dexterity Attention to detail Ability to distinguish between colours Sound discrimination Sitting Combination of sitting, standing, walking Standing for extended periods Bending, crouching, kneeling Tight deadlines JavaOS C# .NET Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized Remote work available Medical Benefits Dental Benefits 
ScrapedJobID58:
Temporarily due to COVID-19 Commission pay Profit sharing Monday to Friday Weekend availability Yes 
ScrapedJobID59:
or equivalent experience Search Engine Optimization (SEO) WordPress PHP JavaScript HTML CSS JQuery Python Microsoft Dynamics AX (x++) PowerBuilder Criminal record check Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Sitting Willing to relocate Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID60:
Are you located in Canada? Yes 
ScrapedJobID61:
Temporarily due to COVID-19 Commission pay Profit sharing Monday to Friday Weekend availability Yes 
ScrapedJobID62:
or equivalent experience Search Engine Optimization (SEO) WordPress PHP JavaScript HTML CSS JQuery Python Microsoft Dynamics AX (x++) PowerBuilder Criminal record check Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Sitting Willing to relocate Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID63:
Are you located in Canada? Yes 
ScrapedJobID64:

ScrapedJobID65:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls JavaScript HTML C++ Basic Work under pressure Attention to detail Team player Organized 
ScrapedJobID66:
HTML5 HTML CSS Bootstrap 3+ Framework PHP MySQL JavaScript FTP Secure Shell Photoshop Illustrator Corel Familiar with SEO best practices 
ScrapedJobID67:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls JavaScript HTML CSS Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines 3D graphic software Initiative Organized 
ScrapedJobID68:
Assisting the web development team with all aspects of website and application design. Assisting with the testing and maintenance of backend and front-end applications. Brainstorming new tech applications such as digital storage and mobile technology. Collaborating with developers to implement new web features. Keeping up to date with the latest technology and programming trends. Converting video, audio, written, and graphic components into compatible formats for the web. Using user feedback to identify and correct problems with a client's website. A Bachelor's degree in information technology, computer science, or a similar field. Experience working with coding languages such as HTML, Python JQuery, JSON, and Ajax. Solid understanding of web design and development principles. Good planning, analytical, and decision-making skills. A portfolio of web design and projects you have worked on. Critical-thinking skills. Flexibility in the workplace. In-depth knowledge of software prototyping and UX design tools. Goal-orientated and deadline-driven. On call Yes 
ScrapedJobID69:
Flexible schedule Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Secondary School (preferred) English (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID70:
Design & Development - Development of front-end online applications using JavaScript framework and troubleshoot issues. Your skills will be leveraged to develop single page applications such as online banking services, application forms, online calculators, and financial planning tools. Continuous Improvement & Collaboration - Share your best practices and coding knowledge at all times to help enhance existing processes and technologies, improving documentation, maximizing learning on the team, and encouraging process optimization. Project Delivery & Documentation - Assist your team members with technical documentation creation and ensure compliance with CIBC standards, best practices, web accessibility requirements, and security protocols. Wherever necessary, present project status updates to senior management and other team members and ensure project timelines are being met You can demonstrate experience with 1 year with web development using JavaScript, Git branching strategies, responsive web design as well as code testing frameworks. It's an asset if you have experience working in an Agile environment. You have a degree/diploma in Computer Science or similar Degree You're passionate about people. You find meaning in relationships, and surround yourself with a diverse network of partners. You build trust through respect and authenticity. You love to learn. You're passionate about growing your knowledge, and you know that there is no limit to what you can achieve. You're driven by collective success. You know that collaboration can transform a good idea into a great one. You understand the power of an inclusive team that enjoys working together to bring a shared vision to life. You understand that success is in the details. You notice things that others don't. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making. Values matter to you . You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. Thrive: Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home Connect : Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity Develop: Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, individual development planning and comprehensive product training Prosper: Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID71:
Building websites and user interfaces with standard HTML/CSS practices Implementing effective software development practices to write well-designed, testable, and efficient code Being able to communicate with colleagues to develop and deploy content for clients within a set timeframe Consulting with teams when resolving conflicts, prioritizing needs, or choosing solutions Updating Web content internally and externally of the agency as directed Developing test schedules and routines to ensure that test cases mimic third-party interfaces that account for every browser and device type Diagnosing and correcting problems revealed by client feedback and testing on their Sites, as well as referring problems to the appropriate personnel for correction Checking code for legality, validity, structure, and compatibility with browsers, operating systems, and devices Integrating data from back-end services and databases Determining specifications and identifying necessary adjustments according to technical requirements Expanding and scaling the site according to the needs of the agency and clients Adapting operations to emerging technologies/industry trends Working in collaboration with web designers to match visual design intention Preparing for website disruptions in collaboration with web designers Enrolled in a program (Computer Science preferred) at a valid post-secondary educational institution Expertise in HTML/XHTML, CSS, Python, JavaScript, and other programming languages Knowledge of server-side frameworks such as Python, Ruby, PHP, Java, ASP, ASP.NET Working knowledge of databases such as SQL and Oracle Coding experience and comprehensive functional knowledge Basic understanding of Search Engine Optimization (SEO) Multitasking under the constraint of time, budget, and business requirements Knowledge or experience in Website Development is an asset Ability to handle and prioritize multiple tasks and deliver projects on time in a dynamic environment Excellent organizational, interpersonal, and time management skills, with a forward-thinking mindset Excellent soft skills Strong relationship building skills using tact and diplomacy Ability to work independently and with minimal supervision and direction, as well as in teams Flexible schedule Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift Please state your expected graduation date (MM/YY). For funding purposes, the candidate has to be a Canadian Citizen and be enrolled in a post-secondary institution program. Does this describe you? How many hours would you be available to work per week from January 1st to April 30th? When would you be available to begin working? Yes 
ScrapedJobID72:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science 3+ years professional experience in CMS and/or web development with languages and environments such as JAVA or AEM Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to work virtually (with Slack and Zoom) Ability to strongly voice your opinions, while still actively hearing others Foresight to find and fix issues before anyone ever notices something is wrong. Canadian Citizenship or authorization to work within Canada The ability to work in the USA and willingness to travel globally (after Covid - we're all grounded for now) Passion for what you do Work as part of the team to consult with clients, build relationships, discuss requirements, and lend your expertise Develop innovative solutions in a collaborative team environment - delivering not only what’s asked for, but going beyond to what they didn’t realize they needed. Implement your solutions, get into the nitty gritty alongside your team Work with new and existing websites to build reusable and modular web pages / features Develop and replicate design patterns Work independently on internal projects or for one off clients Perform accessibility testing along with cross-browser and device testing A sense of humour No fear of dogs (semi-mandatory) Board games you don’t mind occasionally sharing with the team A resume that tells a story - show us don't tell us why you're awesome Willingness to pitch in and wear different hats occasionally (figuratively, and maybe literally) An understanding of what being a consultant means Office dogs Flexible hours and generous time off Annual bonuses and raises based on performance Work in a small team, but work on enterprise grade projects Full health benefits from day 1 RRSP Matching Program Travel opportunities A variety of comfortable working spaces Exciting social events Hilarious co-workers Excellent office-supplied coffee, drinks, snacks, and espresso 
ScrapedJobID73:
Lead the development and maintenance of content-centric websites for Surrey Place and its partner organizations to meet business requirements and future enhancements. Use a broad set of technology tools including HTML, CSS, SCSS, WordPress, Microsoft, Dynamics 365 and Azure to create web-based solutions and update scalable websites. Convert design mock-ups with specifications into functional web pages, components, and reusable templates based on current trends and user feedback. Code digital marketing and communication channels including the core websites, landing pages, portal websites, online help, and mobile experience, to ensure that websites meet all accreditation and compliances needs (PHIPA, PIPEDA, AODA, WCAG) and have proper technical documentation. Collaborate with the integrated team and third-party vendors to develop and maintain dynamic themes and plug-in updates that meet brand and usability standards. Implement, configure, and maintain Google Tag Manager, Google Analytics, Google Search Console, Hotjar and A/B testing framework. Identify and troubleshoot problems with our website or underlying code and propose solutions that are guided by best practice, data, and our coding environment and web infrastructure. Participate in on-going discussions and contribute ideas that speak to project objectives like design, user experience, development, testing solutions, ongoing code/architecture reviews and tools. In collaboration with the Systems Administration team, the Web Developer will participate in the management and administration of public-facing domains, web-hosting platforms (CPanel, WordPress), and DNS. Monitor emerging threats and vulnerabilities that may impact the web platforms, including WordPress and WordPress plugins; and work to secure affected sites and platforms quickly and as needed. Research emerging trends, case studies and provide feedback on Surrey Place’s web presence. Manage multiple assignments while working independently or as part of an integrated team. Post-secondary degree in Computer Science, Information Systems & Design, or related field. 2 years of experience managing web projects using the various methodologies (waterfall and Agile). 2 years of experience with UX/UI Design processes. 2 years of experience in working collaboratively with wireframes and prototypes. 2 years of experience with change management and ticketing systems. 2 Years of experience with back-end administration of web hosting platforms including CPanel and WordPress, with a solid understanding of domain and DNS management. 2 years of experience in maintaining websites and web-based applications across multiple platforms (desktop, mobile) and multiple browsers while ensuring AODA & PHIPA compliance. 2 years of experience in pushing website updates through Git. Experience with WordPress as a development framework and MS Dynamics 365, building responsive, mobile-first websites is strongly preferred. Experience working in Azure is an asset. Ability to program under different constraints and participate in long-term strategic projects while positively contributing to last-minute fixes and short-term solutions. Understanding of WCAG 2.1 AA, its implementation and experience developing AODA-compliant websites. Ability to create and maintain technical documentation, processes, and workflows. Proficiency in client-side technologies such as HTML5, CSS3, PHP& Javascript. Proficiency in database technologies (i.e mySQL). Strong interpersonal, communication and teamwork skills – able to communicate with all levels of the organization effectively and professionally. To be considered for this position, you must be passionate about the work we do, and share our organizational values. Save your resume and cover letter in the following format: firstname.lastname (ie. John.Smith). Send your resume and cover letter to People Services, hr@surreyplace.ca, quoting file 21180 in the subject line of your email by the closing date. 
ScrapedJobID74:
Support the entire application lifecycle (concept, design, test, release and support) Produce fully functional web applications with clean code Design interfaces to improve user experience Troubleshoot and debug to optimize performance Ensure new and legacy applications meet quality standards Collaborate with the product development team to plan new features Stay current with new technology trends You have proven work experience as a web application developer You have deep knowledge of at least one relevant programming language You have experience with third-party libraries and APIs You possess excellent analytical skills with a good problem-solving attitude You are able to perform both in a team environment and independently You have experience working cross-functionally You hold a BSc degree in computer science or relevant field You are fluent in written and spoken English We’ve created the industry’s most comprehensive digital care platform, accelerating the development and deployment of DTx products. We’ve built a massive industry head-start of clinical evidence across the widest range of chronic illnesses, meeting both the needs of users and enterprise partners alike. Finally, we’ve built a unique distribution network through partnerships with the world’s leading health companies. Including three of the world’s top-10 pharma companies, providing unprecedented access to tens of millions of lives. We are driven by a learning mentality There is no limit to personal growth We operate with openness, honesty, and transparency Innovation and creativity is a part of everything we do We value people over processes Team members enjoy freedom and accept responsibility We value problem-solvers and creative, independent thinkers We strive to be healthy in everything we do We have a strict no-jerk policy! 
ScrapedJobID75:
or equivalent experience Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls PHP HTML DHTML CSS Basic security clearance Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Attention to detail Tight deadlines MS Windows Internet Database software Servers Presentation software HTML editing software Web service design Website creation and management software MS Office Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Organized Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID76:
Work independently with Designers, Marketers and Product Owners to successfully launch websites and web applications by scheduled delivery dates. Provide guidance and advice on techniques that improve RBC Ventures’ collective understanding of web development and technology considerations. Write well designed, testable, efficient code by using the best software development best practices. Work with internal teams to integrate data feeds from various back-end services and databases. Acts as a key partner of Venture teams to improve, expand and scale their online and mobile web presence. Provide detailed documentation and hand-off material and training to Marketers, Product Owners and Developers as necessary. Stay plugged into emerging technologies, industry trends and best practices and apply them into projects and daily activities when applicable. Coordinating with UI/UX Designers to ensure UI/UX designs are technically workable and interactive BA/BS degree Computer Science (CS), Systems Design / Human Factors Engineering or a related field or equivalent practical experience. A minimum of 3 years of experience in designing and developing usable web interfaces across multiple channels and platforms. Superb functional knowledge and experience in the following: Complete knowledge of programming languages like Javascript, HTML, and CSS Experience with web development tools like Git, jQuery, and Bootstrap Familiarity with other JS libraries like ExtJS, Backbone.js, Angular.js, Node.js and other frameworks Experience with Wordpress, Webflow, Contentful, and Unbounce Experience integrating/configuring content management systems Familiarity with browser testing and debugging Server architecture Experience with server-side frameworks Knowledge of SEO principles Web Accessibility, building towards AA compliance General understanding of DevOps workflows Knowledge of software back-end systems and services / APIs Ability to multitask with strict time constraints, budgets and business goals Strong communication skills Problem solving in terms of building working systems rather than improving individual parts Ability to work in an Agile environment A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation, commissions, and stock where applicable Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities Ability to make a difference and lasting impact Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team A world-class training program in financial services Flexible work/life balance options Opportunities to do challenging work 
ScrapedJobID77:
or equivalent experience Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls PHP HTML DHTML CSS Basic security clearance Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Attention to detail Tight deadlines MS Windows Internet Database software Servers Presentation software HTML editing software Web service design Website creation and management software MS Office Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Organized Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID78:
Providing SFCC expertise and solution design and implementation Design, code, and test technical solutions Understand technical requirements and propose alternative options to improve applications Identify and troubleshoot system deficiencies and recommend solutions Create technical documentation Knowledge of SFCC is required Knowledge of digital commerce components Knowledge of digital commerce integrations Extensive knowledge of JavaScript 5+ years ecommerce experience Remote or hybrid in Montreal 50% employer paid healthcare 3 weeks vacation, 10 sick days, 4 personal days, 3 wellness days Flexible working hours Free parking onsite Bonus pay Dental care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID79:
Participating in the full development lifecycle, including estimation, design, development, testing, and deployment. Working with copywriters and designers to develop new pages for the website. Collaborating with the marketing team to optimize existing web pages for conversions and search engines. Coding email templates and custom forms within GSL. Teaming up with an experienced Engineering team to deploy your code. Reviewing and responding to operational or site performance issues. 2+ years of experience within a similar capacity Experience with JavaScript, PHP, CSS and HTML. Solid understanding of WordPress. Enthusiasm for building lightning fast websites. The ability to effectively manage your time, understand the constraints of web projects and communicate tradeoffs with stakeholders. Experience in Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator is an asset Detail oriented Analytical Strategic Flexible schedule Competitive salary Employer paid dental & extended health coverage Life Insurance and Disability coverage Employee and Family Assistance Program (EFAP) Opportunity to work in a fast-paced environment, in a variety of industries Awesome co-workers 
ScrapedJobID80:
8 hour shift How many years of PHP Experience do you have? Is travel to Mississauga daily an issue? No 
ScrapedJobID81:
10 hour shift 12 hour shift 8 hour shift Day shift Night shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID82:
Apply agile development principles to build organized and versatile code Support, fix and update existing applications to improve efficiency and support Document and test code to ensure the quality of completed work Avoid cumbersome solutions through diligent research, experimentation, and Design enhancements to improve efficiency and streamline the application process Monitor and maintain applications and their environments Someone who thrives in a collaborative, teamwork environment Ability to work in a fast-paced workplace to meet multiple deadlines with an Self-motivated to learn new technologies and technical skills so we can better Exceptional problem-solving abilities and a strong aptitude for designing and implementing web applications Understanding of Web frameworks and concepts Strong verbal and written communication skills Bonus pay Casual dress Flexible schedule Stock options Work from home Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID83:
Autonomy: There's no red tape on what technology frameworks you can use, or what language you should be coding in. We believe in using the best tool(s) for the job, and learning any new ones along the way. Scope: You won't be adding small features to a monolithic codebase; you will be building entire products from start to finish. Your team members will recognize you for the products you build and the impact these products have on their workflow. You will have the opportunity to identify the business needs for a particular product, work through the development life cycle, and interact with your customers directly. Interesting Problems: Much of what we do is in uncharted territories. As a result, we are often posed with interesting and challenging engineering problems, which will encourage you to prototype, iterate, and innovate. It's part of the company culture to encourage crazy ideas, and celebrate failures as learning opportunities. Many of the design problems you will encounter won't have answers on Google or Stack Overflow, they will encourage you to come up with unique approaches and strengthen your design thinking. Growth: Working at a start-up is a great way to supercharge your skillset, and accelerate your learning. You will be put in a fast-paced environment where you're always working at the bleeding edge of technology. Web Development: React.js, Flask Data Warehousing: Elasticsearch, PostgreSQL DevOps: Docker, Kubernetes, Azure, Terraform, Ansible Computer science or related background Previous experience in at least 1 software development role in industry Solid experience with JavaScript front-end frameworks (React.js is highly desirable) Proficiency in Python Experience with Python data analysis and visualization tools (Pandas, NumPy, Plotly) Experience with CI/CD tools (GitLab CI, GitHub CI, Jenkins, Circle CI, or similar) Become familiar with our vertically integrated technology stack and get a high-level understanding of the projects the team is working on and how they fit in with the company’s goals Start developing on your first project which will be a data visualization tool that will be used by researchers to explore our cycling database Have released the first version of the data visualization tool, and be collecting feedback to include in further revisions Begin working on a continuous integration pipeline to allow the software team to release new features faster and more frequently. Have released several additional revisions to the data visualization tool based on user feedback Built out a continuous integration pipeline that you and the rest of the software team will use for bug fixes and feature releases 
ScrapedJobID84:

ScrapedJobID85:
Assisting developers, analysts, and designers in conceptualizing and development of new software programs and applications Writing, translating, and coding software programs and applications according to specifications Writing programming scripts to enhance functionality &/or related Web applications as necessary. Write clean, well-designed code Troubleshoot, test and maintain the product software to ensure strong optimization and functionality Contribute in all phases of the development lifecycle Assisting in the development & maintaining of existing software applications Create operations manuals for users, clients, and team members Assisting in the documentation of user requirements Collaborating with the R&D department to determine the scope and expectation of the software development Presenting ideas for development and improvement of the company’s product Ability to work on multiple projects and prioritize tasks for each, interacting and collaborating with others to solve problems Write well designed, testable, efficient code by using best software development practices Create app layout/user interface by using standard coding best practices Integrate data from various back-end services and databases Gather and refine specifications and requirements based on technical needs Create and maintain software documentation Use design thinking to help create interfaces and experiences Highly self-motivated with keen attention to detail Proven analytical and problem-solving abilities Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment; Experience working both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment Professional Audio Knowledge & Experience considered a valuable asset Degree in Software Programming, or related field Mobile App development experience Must be fluent in Apple OSX, IOS and Windows based System/Platforms Extensive database and operating systems DSP Engine knowledge considered a valuable asset Solid working knowledge of current Internet technologies Hands-on software troubleshooting experience Flexible and adaptable in regard to learning and understanding new technologies Strong written and oral communication skills Strong interpersonal skills Ability to conduct research into software-related issues and product hardware Day shift Monday to Friday Weekend availability Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID86:
Experience using modern CMS, web development languages and web application frameworks (e.g. Drupal, PHP, C#, .NET, HTML5, JavaScript, CSS, Sass, AJAX, Bootstrap, Angular) Understanding of UI / UX, responsive design, web accessibility and web search principles Familiar with the use of full-stack development environments (e.g. Linux OS, Windows OS, Git, Jenkins, Docker, Apache, Tomcat, Nginx, IIS, AWS, Azure) Working knowledge of relational database concepts and SQL, can develop applications/integrations using APIs, web services, single sign-on and enterprise databases (e.g Oracle, PL/SQL, REST-based services, XML, JSON) Familiar with Software Development Life Cycle and Agile software development methodologies Applies software development coding standards, data privacy, secure coding, and quality assurance best practices Ability to communicate effectively with interdisciplinary teams, technical and non-technical staff at varying levels while exercising courtesy, professionalism, tact and discretion Flexible and adaptable with learning, understanding and applying new technologies, methodologies, tools and programming languages Strong written, oral, and interpersonal communication skills. Must be able to participate in meetings and group discussions, create formal and informal documentation as necessary Proven analytical, troubleshooting, and problem-solving skills, ability to investigate and assess software-related issues and products Highly self-motivated and directed Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment Ability to work both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment Keen attention to detail and a quality driven mindset Collaboration & Collegiality Continuous Learning & Information Seeking Effective Interactive Communication Initiative Integrity & Accountability Student & Service Focus Analytical Thinking Accuracy and Attention to Detail Conceptual Thinking Results Oriented Effective Task and Time Management Creative Thinking Technical Expertise Problem Solving & Judgement Fostering Innovation 
ScrapedJobID87:
Teach prepared course curriculum through lessons and interactive exercises Work 1 on 1 with students to provide in-class and project support Help resolve issues and coach through issues and problem-solving Collaborate with Juno’s Program Operations Manager to solve student experience and lesson delivery issues Contribute to the creation of an inclusive and positive learning environment by regularly reviewing best practices and bringing genuine care and personality to interactions within the Juno community Recommend improvement of our courses’ curriculum through Juno’s established curriculum change process Have at least 2 years of practical, professional experience working as a developer Are excited about Web Development Have a strong understanding of modern HTML, CSS, and JavaScript features and usage Be comfortable using a text editor such as VS Code or SublimeText Be comfortable using GitHub, Google Drive, Zoom, and Slack Have excellent verbal communication skills Be collaborative, energetic, and empathetic Be a skilled technical problem solver Be flexible, and able to respond and adapt to different learning styles and personalities 
ScrapedJobID88:
A profound respect for user privacy and information security. Experience with contributing to the complete development lifecycle of a project from initial planning, through development, and into customer support. A critical eye for detail while understanding that perfect is the enemy of good. Consideration for code quality with an ability to deliver appropriate and effective feedback to teammates. A willingness to make “someone else’s problem” into “your problem”. A strong understanding of how servers and clients interact, API design, and efficient database design. Experience working in any modern server-side language, with bonus points for Go (which is what we use). Demonstrate abilities in other server-side languages and we trust that you will learn Go just fine. Experience building web applications with JavaScript. Familiarity with Typescript and modern frameworks like React (both of which we use) are certainly nice, but not required. The most important part of this job is approaching new challenges with curiosity and the drive to fix root causes, not paper over symptoms. We provide mentorship opportunities to those who want it, and support professional development on the job, with a budget to back it up. If you bring a desire to do the right thing for our customers, a sense of ownership over the product you work on, and a focus on shipping quality code, we want to hear from you. To assist with designing, building, deploying, and support new and existing features in key areas including our client web application, command-line tool, integrations, security reporting, billing system, developer tooling, and more. To write a lot of Go and/or Typescript with robust unit and integration tests. To document the decisions you make when creating new features so the rest of your team members can follow along. To keep security and privacy front of mind in all aspects of your work. A collaborative group where the team succeeds as a whole. We understand that balance is important in life and deeply value our supportive and flexible work environment. Remote-first environment with flexible working hours to accommodate work-life balance Competitive salary, a comprehensive benefits package, and RRSP or 401K match program Employee Stock Options Program Flexible vacation and time off including additional personal and sick days Wellness programs, Employee Assistance Program and an annual wellness allowance Paid parental leave programs Professional development and peer recognition opportunities Company swag and a free family 1Password subscription (and a discount for friends!) 
ScrapedJobID89:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Client focus Dependability Organized 
ScrapedJobID90:
Work on Website development tasks Take an active role in understanding technical requirements and devise solutions for achieving them and building a quality performance and responsive webistes Work o develop architecture and create implementation plans Assess tasks to determine the effort required and estimate the complexity Support the website by carrying out tasks on a routine basis Perform Website Audits to maintain performance, and SEO Optimization Review, test and enhance existing features Performance tuning, testing, and documentation 5+ years of professional experience with developing websites and web applications including Mobile Excellent English communication skills; both verbal and written Ability to develop comprehensive and well-designed solutions for complex problems Performing QA on own work and be accountable for their results Detail-oriented with the ability to learn new technologies and libraries through self-study Strong understanding of front-end frameworks such as Gatsby, React (preferred) or similar frameworks. Extensive experience with developing web applications using Netlify, Github and WordPress. Experience developing, optimizing, and debugging Javaacript code Past experience with using software development tools and methods (source control, unit testing, bug tracking, continuous integration, etc.) Software development Gatsby, React, WordPress, Github, Netlify QA Testing, Project Management Technical experience Bonus pay Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID91:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Client focus Dependability Organized 
ScrapedJobID92:
Work on Website development tasks Take an active role in understanding technical requirements and devise solutions for achieving them and building a quality performance and responsive webistes Work o develop architecture and create implementation plans Assess tasks to determine the effort required and estimate the complexity Support the website by carrying out tasks on a routine basis Perform Website Audits to maintain performance, and SEO Optimization Review, test and enhance existing features Performance tuning, testing, and documentation 5+ years of professional experience with developing websites and web applications including Mobile Excellent English communication skills; both verbal and written Ability to develop comprehensive and well-designed solutions for complex problems Performing QA on own work and be accountable for their results Detail-oriented with the ability to learn new technologies and libraries through self-study Strong understanding of front-end frameworks such as Gatsby, React (preferred) or similar frameworks. Extensive experience with developing web applications using Netlify, Github and WordPress. Experience developing, optimizing, and debugging Javaacript code Past experience with using software development tools and methods (source control, unit testing, bug tracking, continuous integration, etc.) Software development Gatsby, React, WordPress, Github, Netlify QA Testing, Project Management Technical experience Bonus pay Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID93:
Producing high quality work adhering to Acro Media standards and following the Acro Media production process Implementing updates & revisions to web sites Contributing code back to the Drupal community, testing and responding to issues, maintaining modules. Working independently on multiple smaller tasks or larger builds with shifting priorities and tight deadlines Adhering to and providing accurate estimates for the amount of time required to repair a defect, a build, or to add additional functionality to an existing application Providing efficient solutions in a timely manner for work requests, issues, and defects Communicating well with Account Managers, Supervisors, and Clients in regards to work requests, problems and defects Acting as both a peer/mentor to other Developers as well as be comfortable asking for help from team members Ability to find and fix problems in code, this might not be your code and your only hint might be a cryptic complaint from a client. A good mix of web development skills, you should be able to build out site template and then code all the gears and pulleys behind the scenes as well, we try not to have people who do all HTML/CSS and people who do all backend coding, we like people who can multi-class. You’re not going to work on the same thing for 8 months. If you only have experience on embedded systems or just design sexy layouts, maybe try to brush up on your weaker areas, we are open minded though so don’t let this scare you away. Our designers use Photoshop, so when you’re building out the templates, it’s good to know how to navigate around this application. Basic knowledge of how layers work, and the use of some the more important tools that are required for taking apart the design and deriving all the images for web-use is a plus. We're open to good programmers who know other languages and technologies and are will to learn, but below is a list of a bunch of stuff we normally work with: PHP SQL CSS3/HTML5 Javascript/jQuery XML Bonus: C++/Objective C/C#/C If you know other languages don’t forget to mention them, if you are a badass Lisp hacker type, mention that. Comfortable working in a Linux shell to do day-to-day tasks. Hopefully, you have installed Linux on something at least once, even if it was just your Xbox, phone...or vacuum etc. (For real though, you can get Linux installed on a Roomba) Some understanding of Linux hosting if at all possible. Have you configured your own server? Did you setup a web server for your house or friends, even if no one else really cared? Prior experience with a source control system (ex, SVN, Git, GitHub, etc.) Has some coding work to send us Formal education or prior experience is NOT required, we just want to know that you can code, so you’ll have to have some work you can show us. An excellent internet connection is required; you must be able to sustain an hour long conference call without any issues All offers of employment with Acro Media Inc are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Flex start times & Earned days off: Do you prefer to start at 8:00? or 9:00? We'll work with you. Want every second Friday off? Well we've got a program for that too! Paid Overtime for all roles...including salary positions: What? What?! Yep you heard right. We pay for all approved OT...not that we want everyone working so hard, but with the natural ebb and flow of our industry sometimes it's needed to blast out the OT in order to keep our heads above water. We find this little pay cheque nugget is a nice reward for the over timerz. Slappies: Tougher to explain but once a month we get together and have a little ceremony, some food, a few brews - no altars or corporate chants involved. Fun day: We aim to have fun every day; however, every year for a day we cram a bunch of fun on ourselves. Weee! SPARC Events: Sometimes we have an in-house breakfast, team building events, (less corny than it sounds), competitions, or just a plain little reward for no reason. It's a little spark in our usually normal days. Warning, we make you wear costumes. Often. Culture: We're a certain type of people. We're all a little different and unique in our own way but we seem to work well together. No one’s perfect and we embrace that. We take our work seriously, but we don't take ourselves too seriously. Check out our site to get to know us! Remote work available! 
ScrapedJobID94:

ScrapedJobID95:
Day shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID96:
You have in-depth expertise! You have an analytical mindset and enjoy knowing and learning more about coding niches, databases, and graphic designs. You’re impact-oriented – passionate about social good and want the opportunity to have an impact on your work. You LOVE working with others. You’re enthusiastic about mentorship and helping others learn. You’re enthusiastic about mentorship and continuous learning! You are a natural mentor but also LOVE to learn from your peers so that you can grow your own knowledge base and skill set. If you’re also familiar with Agile methodologies, we’d like to meet you. Iteratively construct applications in a test-driven environment, following Clean Code and DevOps best practices. Champion the complex front-end and back-end environment. Help create an accessible, clean, and interactive user experience. You’ll be part of a cross-functional team that’s responsible for the full software development life cycle, from conception to deployment. A passion for social good and you LOVE making an impact in your work. Knowledge of back-end languages (e.g., C#, .Net, Python, API Development, Node.js). Knowledge of front-end languages and libraries (e.g., HTML/ CSS, JavaScript, XML, jQuery) and JavaScript frameworks (e.g., Angular, React). Familiarity with databases (e.g., PostgreSQL, Oracle, MongoDB) Familiarity with DevOps (e.g., CI/CD, Jenkins, Git Actions, Docker, AWS, Azure) Nice to have expertise on topics such as data science, visualization, and/or GIS - Geographic Information System. Experience with Agile frameworks, like Scrum or Kanban. Good verbal and written communication skills. Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills, technical aptitude, attention to detail. Ability to understand and translate business requirements and technical specifications. Knowledge of industry-standard best practices as related to software engineering. Work-life balance and employee wellbeing are a value of ours! We provide employees with 25 days of paid time-off and a competitive compensation plan. Prioritization of the wellbeing of our employees and their families with a generous benefits package and health spending account! A commitment to continuous learning and growth opportunities to help you realize your professional and personal goals. Friday Socials, Wellness Wednesdays, and birthday treats to celebrate your special day as a must-have for us. We like each other – a lot! A collaborative, inclusive, and positive work culture that praises flexible remote work - you make your hours, as long as you’re able to meet with the team on PST time. 
ScrapedJobID97:
Regular exposure to business stakeholders and executive management, as well as the authority and scope to apply your expertise to many interesting technical problems. Regular exposure to business stakeholders and executive management, as well as the authority and scope to apply your expertise to many interesting technical problems. The position requires constant communication with colleagues. Experience in planning and delivering software platforms used across multiple products and organizational units. Deep expertise and hands on experience with Web Applications and programming languages such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery and API's. Strong grasp of security principles and how they apply to E-Commerce applications. Proven working experience in web programming Top-notch programming skills and in-depth knowledge of modern HTML/CSS Familiarity with at least one of the following programming languages: PHP, ASP.NET, Javascript or Ruby on Rails A solid understanding of how web applications work including security, session management, and best development practices Adequate knowledge of relational database systems, Object Oriented Programming and web application development Hands-on experience with network diagnostics, network analytics tools Basic knowledge of Search Engine Optimization process Aggressive problem diagnosis and creative problem solving skills Strong organizational skills to juggle multiple tasks within the constraints of timelines and budgets with business acumen Ability to work and thrive in a fast-paced environment, learn rapidly and master diverse web technologies and techniques. BS in computer science or a related field 
ScrapedJobID98:
Candidate must have a strong understanding of UI, cross-browser compatibility, general web functions and standards. Strong front-end scaffolding fundamentals (HTML5/JS/CSS3) Strong ability to convert static designs (PSDs) to functioning interfaces Have two or more years experience in one of the following; Perl, Python, Java, C#, C++, PHP and a desire to learn new things Knowledge of various web frameworks like CodeIgniter, Drupal, jQuery, etc. Experience working with relational databases as well as familiarity with NoSQL and Key-Value stores Knowledge of PHP or at least one other language and web framework Good understanding of HTTP requests/responses Strong communication skills (concise, to the point) Work samples demonstrating clean, documented code Experience building and developing against API services Experience with front-end frameworks such as React, or Ember.js, Angular JS Working knowledge of major CMS platforms (Drupal, Joomla, WordPress, Woocommerce) Deep functional knowledge or hands on design experience with Web Services (REST, SOAP, etc .) is needed to be successful in this position. Strong grasp of security principles and how they apply to E-Commerce applications. Support TCG’s sales team on project inquirues, creating prototypes and project estimations, providing demos Must be willing to flex work hours accordingly to work with TCG’s and clients timezones 
ScrapedJobID99:
or equivalent experience Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls XML Servlet PHP MySQL Java JavaScript HTML CSS ASP Ajax Shell script 
ScrapedJobID100:
Adobe Acrobat Reader Adobe Illustrator Adobe Photoshop Flash Adobe Premiere Pro Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Public transportation is available Tight deadlines Spreadsheet MS Windows Internet Database software Extranet Intranet File management software Image editing software Project management software HTML editing software Web service design Desktop publishing software Programming languages Software development Data analysis software Mapping and data visualization software Website creation and management software Enterprise Applications Integration (EAI) Desktop applications Business diagram software Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID101:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Relocation costs covered by employer Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID102:
Write well designed, testable, efficient code by using best software development practices Create website layout/user interface by using standard HTML/CSS practices Integrate data from various back-end services and databases Gather and refine specifications and requirements based on technical needs Create and maintain software documentation Be responsible for maintaining, expanding, and scaling our site Stay plugged into emerging technologies/industry trends and apply them into operations and activities Cooperate with web designers to match visual design intent Proven working experience in web programming Top-notch programming skills and in-depth knowledge of modern HTML/CSS Familiarity with at least one of the following programming languages: C#, ASP.NET, Javascript Strong structured database query language skills SQL and database design in Microsoft SQL Server Knowledge of Internet Information Sever set up A solid understanding of how web applications work including security, session management, and best development practices Adequate knowledge of relational database systems, Object Oriented Programming and web application development Hands-on experience with network diagnostics, network analytics tools Basic knowledge of Search Engine Optimization process Aggressive problem diagnosis and creative problem solving skills Strong organizational skills to juggle multiple tasks within the constraints of timelines and budgets with business acumen Ability to work and thrive in a fast-paced environment, learn rapidly and master diverse web technologies and techniques. BS in computer science or a related field Solid experience in C#, .net, javascript Proficient in JavaScript, HTML, CSS. Strong visual studio knowledge Solid SQL language skills Ability to design tables in Microsoft SQL database Server Knowledge of Microsoft Access database 
ScrapedJobID103:
Design, code, and test major features in collaboration with your fellow Developers and technical team to deliver complex changes to our infrastructure Define, design, and implement, multi-tiered object-oriented distributed software applications Maintain and modify existing applications Perform custom programming as assigned by the VP of Engineering Fix defects and add features to software Debug and test software implementation Provide design documents and documentation to ensure efficient maintenance and code reuse Participate in the design and implementation of databases Ensure the functionality, performance, scalability, reliability, realistic implementation schedules and system architecture for each assignment Interact with key partners and internal users regarding timelines, technical issues, and infrastructure integration Implement software modules, on the embedded platform and analysis workstation Ensure work progress to schedule and keep (internal) customers informed of the project's progress Stay current with trends, techniques, technology and other factors impacting the FinTech industry Actively participate in team meetings and offer recommendations /ideas on design projects You are in pursuit of a post-secondary degree or diploma in Computer Science or a related field If you’ve got previous work experience using Clojure, TypeScript and/or Rust you’re a rockstar Work with web applications is a big bonus - and if you have experience in server side applications, that’s even better Work experience in ecommerce is preferred but not required You’re able to effectively communicate technical concepts to other technical staff members You also have the ability to effectively communicate with non-technical members of the organization (we don’t all have an understanding of the technical jargon!) You have demonstrated aptitude for learning new technologies in previous roles, and can provide examples You have excellent teamwork and team building skills and are comfortable with ambiguity You can work well under pressure and meet set deadlines under the direction of a Project Manager You are capable of managing your time effectively, multitasking, and have the ability to prioritize tasks with minimal supervision in a remote work environment You have a high level of critical and logical thinking, analysis, and/or reasoning to identify underlying principles, reasons, or facts 
ScrapedJobID104:
4+ years experience coding in HTML, CSS, and jQuery, with a passion for front-end interfaces Someone with a passion for web design The ability to review designs and provide a time estimate for your work Someone who can deliver high quality code while adhering to web development best practices Experience writing SEO friendly code Experience using CSS preprocessors such as SASS or LESS Experience using grid-based frameworks such as Bootstrap or Foundation Experience collaborating with a team Experience in web or interface design Experience with Wordpress, Magento, or other CMS and shopping cart systems Experience in PHP and MySQL Experience using Github Agency experience 
ScrapedJobID105:
Communicating well, being kind unto others, choosing to be vulnerable and always being honest. Understand the core of problems from first principles and never be afraid to question received wisdom. Approaching problem solving iteratively, simplifying not complicating. Being curious and interested in understanding business and technology. Embrace the use of code in everyday data solutions. Working hard to make solutions that we can be proud of and use ourselves. 3 Weeks holiday to start. 100% virtual work environment - our staff often work in fun sunny places! Comprehensive health and wellness benefits package. We are committed to nurturing and training our people. You can demonstrate your exceptional ability to solve problems in software. You are willing to learn and communicate. You are curious about technology and how it helps people and organizations. 
ScrapedJobID106:
Work closely with internal creative teams and external agencies to build and evolve insightly.com and all other web presence. Work closely with the content marketing team to ensure that the website and other online presence is optimized for SEO. Work closely with Product Marketing and other content teams to ensure that the latest messaging is represented. Ensure that the integration of insightly.com with the marketing automation system is optimized and operational. Debug and troubleshoot layout and scripting issues across a variety of browsers including IE 7+, Firefox, Safari, and Chrome. Work with back-end developers to integrate front-end and back-end code, ensuring design integrity. A bachelor degree in computer sciences or a related field, or equivalent experience. Expert in CMS-based development, primarily WordPress. Expert-level JavaScript programming and working knowledge of at least one popular JavaScript framework. Expert knowledge of JQuery, Bootstrap.js, HTML, CSS, and Ajax, as well as a good understanding of HTML5 and CSS3. Experience consuming services (XML, JSON, SOAP) using Ajax, as well as experience with Java technology stack will be a plus. A motivated self-starter who can proactively recommend improvements to the Insightly website. Excellent problem solving and communication skills. Curiosity for learning new technologies and methods, as well as a desire to build great products. Ability to work individually on a project or in a team environment. Proactive and organized. Career: We offer a well rounded total rewards package including equity for all employees, 401k, career learning & growth opportunities, comprehensive employer-sponsored health plans. Work-life balance:  We offer a generous flexible time off policy in addition to paid company holidays. A company that cares! Insightly is now a 100% remote first company which includes all of the benefits we provide for our employees to best adapt to the challenges and needs of a digital and dispersed workforce. Full IT set up for your home work station (laptop, monitor, keyboard, mouse, monitor stand) $250 one-time Ergonomics Stipend for all employees to set up their home office for success and comfort Starting Jan 2022- $50 per month remote work stipend to help you with your remote work needs. Weekly virtual, instructor led, yoga sessions Monthly virtual, instructor led, meditation sessions Weekly company newsletters, trivia, Slack challenges, and more! Virtual team and company events to keep the party going Culture and Values:  Diversity, Inclusion, and Support for all employees is vital to Insightly. To do so we have fantastic initiative such as: Company wide Women in Tech group which focuses on having female speakers from all backgrounds come and have "fireside chats" with the company on their careers, backgrounds, advice, etc. Women in Sales support group which focuses on professional development, community, and career advancement. Continual company-wide Diversity and Inclusion training with expert speakers and instructors Volunteering options- yes, even while remote! Company matched donations to support black and civil rights charities such as NAACP, BLM, ACLU, George Floyd Memorial Fund, Compassion Oakland, Asian Americans Advancing Justice, and more! We play as a team. We are ambitious and think big. We strive to make customers happy. We build with simplicity not complexity. 
ScrapedJobID107:
Canadian Citizen or Permanent Resident (No exceptions) University Degree or Technical Degree in a technical discipline NextJS SQL Async Calls Socket / Websockets Node.Js Sequelize Flexible schedule Profit sharing Stock options Monday to Friday Have you read and confirmed you meet the eligibility criteria for this role? NextJS: 1 year (preferred) ReactJS: 1 year (required) Node.js: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID108:
Design & Development - Define and extend the technical architecture for our online application front-ends using Vue.js and Ember.js Javascript framework. Your skills will be leveraged to develop single page applications such as online banking services, application forms, online calculators, and financial planning tools. Continuous Improvement & Collaboration - Share your best practices and coding knowledge at all times to help enhance existing processes and technologies, improving documentation, maximizing learning on the team, and encouraging process optimization. Project Delivery & Documentation - Assist your team members with technical documentation creation and ensure compliance with CIBC standards, best practices, web accessibility requirements, and security protocols. Wherever necessary, present project status updates to senior management and other team members and ensure project timelines are being met You can demonstrate experience with web development languages, Git branching strategies, responsive design as well as code testing frameworks. It's an asset if you have experience working in an Agile environment. You're passionate about people. You find meaning in relationships, and surround yourself with a diverse network of partners. You build trust through respect and authenticity. You love to learn. You're passionate about growing your knowledge, and you know that there is no limit to what you can achieve. You're driven by collective success. You know that collaboration can transform a good idea into a great one. You understand the power of an inclusive team that enjoys working together to bring a shared vision to life. You understand that success is in the details. You notice things that others don't. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making. Values matter to you . You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. We work to recognize you in meaningful, personalized ways including a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, a health benefits program, defined benefit pension plan, an employee share purchase plan and MomentMakers, our social, points-based recognition program. Our spaces and technological toolkit will make it simple to bring together great minds to create innovative solutions that make a difference for our clients. We cultivate a culture where you can express your ambition through initiatives like Purpose Day; a paid day off dedicated for you to use to invest in your growth and development. CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID109:
Written Communication Oral Communication Basic Database Basic Programming Basic Algorithms TypeScript (FE/BE) React Tailwinds CSS Node Express Swagger PostgreSQL Dental care Extended health care 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID110:
or equivalent experience Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Handling heavy loads Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability 
ScrapedJobID111:
Design and develop responsive, high performance, reliable React-based web applications targeting both mobile devices and desktop clients. Participate in how our enterprise grade SaaS solutions are built, deployed, and operated in a true Agile setting supported by senior developers, testers, and product managers Create wireframes, storyboards, sitemaps prototype and screen flows Deliver high fidelity UI assets which can be easily translated to UI components Optimize existing user interface designs based on market trends Understand business goals and objectives Prototype new ideas and run experiments to identify features that users love Conduct an ongoing user research Contribute to the design and improvement of web features and projects Minimum 2 years of experience in design/development of web applications. Good knowledge in HTML5, CSS, JavaScript and React. Experience with version control tools, preferably git. Good understanding of WebSockets and HTTPS protocol Deep knowledge of the Adobe Suite and Figma Ability to quickly learn new technologies and tools Fluent in spoken and written English Experience with end-to-end release and deployment of web applications. Eager; curious and passionate to learn about technology and processes. Collaborative; values team success more than individual accomplishments. Passion for knowledge; a desire to learn and share knowledge. Problem-solver; always ready to dive in and tackle problems head on. Strive to create and maintain clean code and engage in peer code reviews Proven ability to translate approved UI / UX design mock-ups to feature-rich, pixel-perfect websites and web applications Ability to write clean, modular, high-performance, reusable code/ UI components/libraries Experience integrating RESTful services and API Exceptional eye for detail and passion for quality Inquisitive; not afraid to ask questions. A compelling portfolio of work that demonstrates high-quality design work that also tells a story that you are a deep design thinker. 
ScrapedJobID112:
Provides creative i nput and advice on user-centered design, and web application best practices using the latest and emerging advances in web design and development technology to create an accessible, usable, and captivating user experience for the external website . Reviews content submitted from across FSRA program areas and departments and uploads to the external website. Applies content management best practices and principles including, content reusability, flexibility, naming convention standards and quality assurance. Collaborates and contributes to range of publishing services and web communications initiatives of the Digital Channels Team. Provides input for the collection and analysis of web analytics and Search Engine Optimization (SEO) including reporting on metrics. Provides creative input for the creation of interactive digital content for the website. Supports the team in execution of web projects and initiatives Web Design/Web Development university/college post-secondary diploma or degree 1-2 years’ experience in web design and development, utilizing creativity and advanced web technology including Drupal or similar Content Management System (CMS). Expertise with Adobe Creative Suite, PhotoShop Comfortable with: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, MySQL databases, interactive coding and web animation Project management aptitude and interest: online project management tools, Agile Good attention to detail, ability to meet tight deadlines, process orientated, excellent collaborator and team player Passionate about emerging web technologies, user experience (UX), interactive web content  
ScrapedJobID113:
Work with talented team members on full line of products in the field of UTM Support upper management with high quality deliverables in a timely manner Take part in various software projects with focus on front end developments Help shape the design and development processes of next generation GUIs Software development in Unix/Linux, or mobile environment Experience with C/C++, script programming, such as JavaScript, Python, Perl Understanding of TCP/IP networking and various networking protocols Proven experience and strong knowledge of web application technologies such as CSS, HTML5, ES6, React, Angular Extensive knowledge of user interface design principles and best practices Solid understanding of relational & non-relational database management systems Experience or knowledge of SaaS, cloud computing infrastructure and implementation is a plus Experience with virtualization platforms, such as AWS, KVM, VMWare, is a plus Experience with mobile application development on Android / iOS is a plus Excellent problem solving and trouble shooting skills High motivation to succeed 
ScrapedJobID114:
5+ years of experience working with front end development; 3+ years of experience with Angular 2+ (preferred) or other modern single-page application frameworks (React, Vue, etc.); Knowledge and experience with core web application technologies (HTTP, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript) and how they relate to modern web SPA frameworks; and Familiarity with user experience design principles. 
ScrapedJobID115:
Casual dress Dental care Discounted or free food Extended health care Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Location: Windsor, ON Secondary School (required) programming: 3 years (required) No 
ScrapedJobID116:
or equivalent experience Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Research and evaluate a variety of software products Program special effects software for film and video applications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications Program animation software to predefined specifications for interactive CDs, DVDs, video game cartridges and Internet-based applications Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Ability to distinguish between colours Sitting Tight deadlines Database software 3D graphic software Web service design Software development Website creation and management software Multimedia software API Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID117:
Expert with PHP, SQL Databases and Apache, Linux JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, & CSS Hands-on experience with content management systems: WordPress, WooCommerce Drupal, or Joomla or PHP Framework Laravel Able to setup a complete development environment (production, staging, dev) Understand domain registration, DNS and SSL encryption Experience with CDN, proxies and implemented caching strategies Implement code and performance optimizations Experience working with third-party API integrations & OAuth for CRM software (e.g. Hubspot and Zoho) Bonus if candidate can code with SEO in mind Able to take ownership of the development, optimization and maintenance of the Accuenergy website Can identify, troubleshoot and solve development issues Able to complete projects fast and error-free Help deliver marketing initiatives to completion Proactively engaging management of issues, timeline status and any associated risks Able to adapt to new roles and responsibilities as needed You can work independently or in a team with minimal supervision Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, web development or related experience PHP: 2.5 years JavaScript: 2.5 years HTML/CSS: 2.5 year Web Development: 2.5 year Dental care Discounted or free food Extended health care On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (required) PHP: 2 years (preferred) JavaScript: 2 years (preferred) HTML/CSS: 2 years (preferred) Web Development: 2 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID118:
Work with cutting edge technology to develop new solutions Collaborate with our UI/UX and visual designers to craft the best user experience Work closely with other software developers, as well as the hardware design and development teams, to ensure our entire technical ecosystem interoperates smoothly Build software and services primarily in JavaScript and TypeScript Develop new features in React (web) and React Native (mobile) Help improve our software development processes Participate in brainstorming sessions and contribute ideas to our technology and products Work towards the achievement of the company vision statement Diploma/Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field combined with software development training Minimum of 1 year of relevant software development or web development work experience Experience with JavaScript and modern frameworks Experience with relational and NoSQL databases Experience with cloud technologies (AWS preferred) Experience with version control systems (Git preferred) Trunk Based Development experience would be considered an asset Experience working in a Agile environment Analytical thinker, with a creative mind, and an adaptable nature Ability to work well on your own, or as part of a team Excellent communication skills with the ability to clearly present solutions, while efficiently multi-tasking A rewarding career path that helps you learn, grow, and showcase your talent An environment in which you are recognized and appreciated for what you do Unlimited paid vacation (Yep. Unlimited. Paid. Vacation (within reason, of course!) Flexible hours (no set ‘office hours’— you work 40 hours per week and meet your role requirements) Training and Development Allowance Program Health and Wellness Allowance Program Competitive salary structure Annual salary increases Employee Stock Option Purchase Plan Comprehensive Group Health, Dental and Vision Benefit Plan Employer-matched RRSPs Maternity & Parental Leave Top-Up Program Modern, open, fun office environment (we work hard, but we’re not scared of a good time) Dynamic downtown location with free parking Fun, quarterly team-building events New pair of high-quality noise reducing headphones Innovative workflow software and technology (we’re major Slackers — internal communications have never been more awesome) 
ScrapedJobID119:

ScrapedJobID120:
Website and software application designing, building, or maintaining. Using scripting or authoring languages, management tools, content creation tools, applications, and digital media. Conferring with teams to resolve conflicts, prioritize needs, develop content criteria, or choose solutions. Directing or performing Website updates. Developing or validating test routines and schedules to ensure that test cases mimic external interfaces and address all browser and device types. Editing, writing, or designing Website content, and directing team members who produce content. Maintaining an understanding of the latest Web applications and programming practices through education, study, and participation in conferences, workshops, and groups. Back up files from Web sites to local directories for recovery. Identifying problems uncovered by customer feedback and testing, and correcting or referring problems to appropriate personnel for correction. Evaluating code to ensure it meets industry standards, is valid, is properly structured, and is compatible with browsers, devices, or operating systems. Determining user needs by analyzing technical requirements. Bachelor's degree in Web development or related field, or relevant experience. Solid knowledge and experience in programming applications. Proficient in JavaScript, HTML, CSS. Proficient in My SQL. Dedicated team player. Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment. Solid ability in both written and verbal communication. Knowledge of programming language and technical terminology. Able to develop ideas and processes and clearly express them. High degree of independent judgment. Able to solve complex problems. 
ScrapedJobID121:
Initiate, suggest, and spearhead major UX designs of functions and features that deliver business value for different business functions. Prepares webpage design samples, focused on UX while adhering to the corporate brand standards. Implements and develops webpage design in accordance with the requirements of the HR System, such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, etc. Conduct research and complete data analysis to provide easy to understand metrics and recommendations. Write, edit, and present messages concisely, clearly, and effectively for diverse audiences in a variety of media. Post-secondary education in Communications, HR, Marketing, Information Technology or related field. Advanced knowledge of Typescript/Javascript, CSS, and HTML, Adobe Creative Suite. WordPress Previous experience working with Human Resources Information Systems and Data Visualization Software (e.g., ADP Workforce Now & Tableau) and familiarity with SQL and relational database concepts is a strong asset. Intermediate skills with MS Office Suite, with emphasis on Microsoft Excel functions (e.g., formulas, pivot tables, conditional formatting, etc.) and Teams. Intranet management (SharePoint) experience is considered an asset. Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communications skills, with strong presentation and formatting skills, you’re not afraid to speak in a room full of people (virtually or in-person). A fun can-do attitude that isn’t afraid of producing engaging content and working with various levels and departments throughout the organization. Impeccable attention to detail and the ability to display tact, diplomacy, and discretion in handling information of confidential and/or sensitive nature. An organization master with the ability to manage multiple products with conflicting deadlines, nothing gets forgotten, no deadline is missed. A well-developed self-starter than can perform under pressure and meet conflicting deadlines. Participates effectively in meetings and contributes positively to teams. Has the ability to adapt quickly and effectively to changing environments and priorities. 
ScrapedJobID122:
Work closely with internal creative teams and external agencies to build and evolve insightly.com and all other web presence. Work closely with the content marketing team to ensure that the website and other online presence is optimized for SEO. Work closely with Product Marketing and other content teams to ensure that the latest messaging is represented. Ensure that the integration of insightly.com with the marketing automation system is optimized and operational. Debug and troubleshoot layout and scripting issues across a variety of browsers including IE 7+, Firefox, Safari, and Chrome. Work with back-end developers to integrate front-end and back-end code, ensuring design integrity. A bachelor degree in computer sciences or a related field, or equivalent experience. Expert in CMS-based development, primarily WordPress. Expert-level JavaScript programming and working knowledge of at least one popular JavaScript framework. Expert knowledge of JQuery, Bootstrap.js, HTML, CSS, and Ajax, as well as a good understanding of HTML5 and CSS3. Experience consuming services (XML, JSON, SOAP) using Ajax, as well as experience with Java technology stack will be a plus. A motivated self-starter who can proactively recommend improvements to the Insightly website. Excellent problem solving and communication skills. Curiosity for learning new technologies and methods, as well as a desire to build great products. Ability to work individually on a project or in a team environment. Proactive and organized. Career: We offer a well rounded total rewards package including equity for all employees, 401k, career learning & growth opportunities, comprehensive employer-sponsored health plans. Work-life balance:  We offer a generous flexible time off policy in addition to paid company holidays. A company that cares! Insightly is now a 100% remote first company which includes all of the benefits we provide for our employees to best adapt to the challenges and needs of a digital and dispersed workforce. Full IT set up for your home work station (laptop, monitor, keyboard, mouse, monitor stand) $250 one-time Ergonomics Stipend for all employees to set up their home office for success and comfort Starting Jan 2022- $50 per month remote work stipend to help you with your remote work needs. Weekly virtual, instructor led, yoga sessions Monthly virtual, instructor led, meditation sessions Weekly company newsletters, trivia, Slack challenges, and more! Virtual team and company events to keep the party going Culture and Values:  Diversity, Inclusion, and Support for all employees is vital to Insightly. To do so we have fantastic initiative such as: Company wide Women in Tech group which focuses on having female speakers from all backgrounds come and have "fireside chats" with the company on their careers, backgrounds, advice, etc. Women in Sales support group which focuses on professional development, community, and career advancement. Continual company-wide Diversity and Inclusion training with expert speakers and instructors Volunteering options- yes, even while remote! Company matched donations to support black and civil rights charities such as NAACP, BLM, ACLU, George Floyd Memorial Fund, Compassion Oakland, Asian Americans Advancing Justice, and more! We play as a team. We are ambitious and think big. We strive to make customers happy. We build with simplicity not complexity. 
ScrapedJobID123:
or equivalent experience Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls PHP MySQL JavaScript HTML CSS JQuery Internet Programming software HTML editing software Programming languages Software development Website creation and management software Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Organized 
ScrapedJobID124:
or equivalent experience Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Handling heavy loads Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability 
ScrapedJobID125:
5+ years of experience working with front end development; 3+ years of experience with Angular 2+ (preferred) or other modern single-page application frameworks (React, Vue, etc.); Knowledge and experience with core web application technologies (HTTP, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript) and how they relate to modern web SPA frameworks; and Familiarity with user experience design principles. 
ScrapedJobID126:
Expert with PHP, SQL Databases and Apache, Linux JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, & CSS Hands-on experience with content management systems: WordPress, WooCommerce Drupal, or Joomla or PHP Framework Laravel Able to setup a complete development environment (production, staging, dev) Understand domain registration, DNS and SSL encryption Experience with CDN, proxies and implemented caching strategies Implement code and performance optimizations Experience working with third-party API integrations & OAuth for CRM software (e.g. Hubspot and Zoho) Bonus if candidate can code with SEO in mind Able to take ownership of the development, optimization and maintenance of the Accuenergy website Can identify, troubleshoot and solve development issues Able to complete projects fast and error-free Help deliver marketing initiatives to completion Proactively engaging management of issues, timeline status and any associated risks Able to adapt to new roles and responsibilities as needed You can work independently or in a team with minimal supervision Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, web development or related experience PHP: 2.5 years JavaScript: 2.5 years HTML/CSS: 2.5 year Web Development: 2.5 year Dental care Discounted or free food Extended health care On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (required) PHP: 2 years (preferred) JavaScript: 2 years (preferred) HTML/CSS: 2 years (preferred) Web Development: 2 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID127:
You are a team player and fierce collaborator, though can also work independently You are proactive and self-directed You maintain a high awareness of industry issues and trends, particularly in regards to accessibility, usability, and emerging technologies You understand major browsers and browser development tools, and are familiar with browser testing and debugging across multiple browsers, platforms, and devices, including smartphones and tablets You have great communication skills – both written and verbal You are Knowledgeable and experienced with web development methodologies (agile, waterfall) Develop clean, efficient, maintainable, modular (JavaScript/HTML/CSS/ PHP) code Provide accurate timing estimates on work Contribute to documentation (instructional, pitch, and technical specification) Collaborate and guide other non-technical staff, particularly designers, on how they can help with the process Discuss technical solutions with clients and provide innovative new ideas and solutions Constantly seek to develop yourself by experimenting with new technologies and assess what could be useful for the team Conduct code reviews with fellow team members Consistently meet deadlines and have the ability to prioritize multiple projects Minimum 2-6 years of web development experience in agency or in-house Experience with WordPress is a must, preferable to have experience with other content management systems as well (e.g., HubSpot, Adobe Experience Manager, Joomla, Drupal, Umbraco, Webflow, Contentful, Contentstack) Knowledge of email marketing platforms such as Marketo, Silverpop, HubSpot, Oracle Marketing Cloud (Eloqua), Salesforce Pardot Fluency in Adobe Creative Suite, Microsoft Office/Apple software (Word, PowerPoint, Keynote, Excel), and wireframing software (Figma, InVision, Sketch, Adobe XD, etc.) Experience working in B2B or business marketing in complex categories is a plus 
ScrapedJobID128:
or equivalent experience Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Public transportation is available Sitting Tight deadlines Team player Client focus Organized Remote work available Medical Benefits Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits Vision Care Benefits Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID129:

ScrapedJobID130:
Design and develop responsive, high performance, reliable React-based web applications targeting both mobile devices and desktop clients. Participate in how our enterprise grade SaaS solutions are built, deployed, and operated in a true Agile setting supported by senior developers, testers, and product managers Create wireframes, storyboards, sitemaps prototype and screen flows Deliver high fidelity UI assets which can be easily translated to UI components Optimize existing user interface designs based on market trends Understand business goals and objectives Prototype new ideas and run experiments to identify features that users love Conduct an ongoing user research Contribute to the design and improvement of web features and projects Minimum 2 years of experience in design/development of web applications. Good knowledge in HTML5, CSS, JavaScript and React. Experience with version control tools, preferably git. Good understanding of WebSockets and HTTPS protocol Deep knowledge of the Adobe Suite and Figma Ability to quickly learn new technologies and tools Fluent in spoken and written English Experience with end-to-end release and deployment of web applications. Eager; curious and passionate to learn about technology and processes. Collaborative; values team success more than individual accomplishments. Passion for knowledge; a desire to learn and share knowledge. Problem-solver; always ready to dive in and tackle problems head on. Strive to create and maintain clean code and engage in peer code reviews Proven ability to translate approved UI / UX design mock-ups to feature-rich, pixel-perfect websites and web applications Ability to write clean, modular, high-performance, reusable code/ UI components/libraries Experience integrating RESTful services and API Exceptional eye for detail and passion for quality Inquisitive; not afraid to ask questions. A compelling portfolio of work that demonstrates high-quality design work that also tells a story that you are a deep design thinker. 
ScrapedJobID131:
The right combination of education, attitude, and experience. A solid understanding of software development either through a degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a Technology related field is preferred, but not essential. You have developed\worked on a few personal apps or projects. You are eager to learn new concepts, and have a passion to get things done. You understand the difference between smart shortcuts to take and ugly hacks. A team that cares deeply for customers and for each other Professional learning and development for all role levels The latest and greatest technology to do your job Competitive benefits and health/lifestyle spending accounts We’re currently embracing an engaging, remote-first culture and work experience A management team focused on performance, growth, engagement and connection Our winning strategy and market potential Employee-led, exec sponsored employee resource groups committed to Diversity and Inclusion Passionate customers that believe in us—and what we do 
ScrapedJobID132:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls 
ScrapedJobID133:
Computer Technology/Computer Systems Technology or equivalent experience Xcode Microsoft Visual Studio Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Java JavaScript HTML CSS Python 
ScrapedJobID134:
Develop, optimize and maintain responsive web applications leveraging front end development using HTML5, CSS3, JS frameworks and integration with 3rd party applications Work on complex enterprise solutions/applications in the front end using the latest versions of Angular. Build on top of applications developed with technologies such as Spring Boot, Spring Security, Web MVC, and using application servers such as Tomcat, WebSphere, Weblogic or JBoss. Work with SOAP and RESTful web services using tools such as XML, JSON and RAML Identify and communicate technical problems, processes, and solutions Perform technical analysis, design, coding, and implementation of large scale object-oriented application Collaborate with the team to assist in the development of logical specifications Integrate modern solutions with legacy systems Work in an Agile software development environment using methodologies such as Scrum Prepare reports and other documentation as required 3+ years of experience as a Front End Web Developer Proficiency with Angular 2+ and Typescript HTML5, CSS3, SASS, LESS, responsive design JavaScript unit test tools, such as Jasmine Experience building and maintaining unit tests for web applications Git and Gitflow Ability to write clean, readable, maintainable code Teamwork and experience performing peer code review Ability to learn fast and ready to make a big impact Understand what it means to be a consultant Teamwork, reliability and positive attitude Great interpersonal skills (aka clients love you!) Ability to handle working on multiple projects or tasks and keep them all under control Passionate about technology and using it to help solve business issues Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Making recommendations from a development perspective for practical solutions, time estimates and overall feasibility means being comfortable standing your ground Experience working with Backbase Experience being a consultant, comfortable interacting with clients to solve their business challenges Full-stack web programming skills with exposure to middleware programming, such as Node.js, Next.JS or Java. The Spring ecosystem are technologies that we regularly use Knowledge of cloud services, such as AWS, Azure, or similar Experience with or knowledge of Agile Methodologies, such as Scrum and Kanban A Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field (or equivalent) Competitive compensation rates Remote work Medical, dental, and extended health benefits Employee assistance program Employee referral bonus Feedback based on regular 1:1s Friday socials Monthly team lunches and birthday celebrations And more perks! 
ScrapedJobID135:
Design & Development - Define and extend the technical architecture for our online application front-ends using Vue.js and Ember.js Javascript framework. Your skills will be leveraged to develop single page applications such as online banking services, application forms, online calculators, and financial planning tools. Continuous Improvement & Collaboration - Share your best practices and coding knowledge at all times to help enhance existing processes and technologies, improving documentation, maximizing learning on the team, and encouraging process optimization. Project Delivery & Documentation - Assist your team members with technical documentation creation and ensure compliance with CIBC standards, best practices, web accessibility requirements, and security protocols. Wherever necessary, present project status updates to senior management and other team members and ensure project timelines are being met You can demonstrate experience with web development languages, Git branching strategies, responsive design as well as code testing frameworks. It's an asset if you have experience working in an Agile environment. You're passionate about people. You find meaning in relationships, and surround yourself with a diverse network of partners. You build trust through respect and authenticity. You love to learn. You're passionate about growing your knowledge, and you know that there is no limit to what you can achieve. You're driven by collective success. You know that collaboration can transform a good idea into a great one. You understand the power of an inclusive team that enjoys working together to bring a shared vision to life. You understand that success is in the details. You notice things that others don't. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making. Values matter to you . You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. We work to recognize you in meaningful, personalized ways including a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, a health benefits program, defined benefit pension plan, an employee share purchase plan and MomentMakers, our social, points-based recognition program. Our spaces and technological toolkit will make it simple to bring together great minds to create innovative solutions that make a difference for our clients. We cultivate a culture where you can express your ambition through initiatives like Purpose Day; a paid day off dedicated for you to use to invest in your growth and development. CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID136:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls 
ScrapedJobID137:
Computer Technology/Computer Systems Technology or equivalent experience Xcode Microsoft Visual Studio Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Java JavaScript HTML CSS Python 
ScrapedJobID138:
Develop, optimize and maintain responsive web applications leveraging front end development using HTML5, CSS3, JS frameworks and integration with 3rd party applications Work on complex enterprise solutions/applications in the front end using the latest versions of Angular. Build on top of applications developed with technologies such as Spring Boot, Spring Security, Web MVC, and using application servers such as Tomcat, WebSphere, Weblogic or JBoss. Work with SOAP and RESTful web services using tools such as XML, JSON and RAML Identify and communicate technical problems, processes, and solutions Perform technical analysis, design, coding, and implementation of large scale object-oriented application Collaborate with the team to assist in the development of logical specifications Integrate modern solutions with legacy systems Work in an Agile software development environment using methodologies such as Scrum Prepare reports and other documentation as required 3+ years of experience as a Front End Web Developer Proficiency with Angular 2+ and Typescript HTML5, CSS3, SASS, LESS, responsive design JavaScript unit test tools, such as Jasmine Experience building and maintaining unit tests for web applications Git and Gitflow Ability to write clean, readable, maintainable code Teamwork and experience performing peer code review Ability to learn fast and ready to make a big impact Understand what it means to be a consultant Teamwork, reliability and positive attitude Great interpersonal skills (aka clients love you!) Ability to handle working on multiple projects or tasks and keep them all under control Passionate about technology and using it to help solve business issues Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Making recommendations from a development perspective for practical solutions, time estimates and overall feasibility means being comfortable standing your ground Experience working with Backbase Experience being a consultant, comfortable interacting with clients to solve their business challenges Full-stack web programming skills with exposure to middleware programming, such as Node.js, Next.JS or Java. The Spring ecosystem are technologies that we regularly use Knowledge of cloud services, such as AWS, Azure, or similar Experience with or knowledge of Agile Methodologies, such as Scrum and Kanban A Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field (or equivalent) Competitive compensation rates Remote work Medical, dental, and extended health benefits Employee assistance program Employee referral bonus Feedback based on regular 1:1s Friday socials Monthly team lunches and birthday celebrations And more perks! 
ScrapedJobID139:
Design & Development - Define and extend the technical architecture for our online application front-ends using Vue.js and Ember.js Javascript framework. Your skills will be leveraged to develop single page applications such as online banking services, application forms, online calculators, and financial planning tools. Continuous Improvement & Collaboration - Share your best practices and coding knowledge at all times to help enhance existing processes and technologies, improving documentation, maximizing learning on the team, and encouraging process optimization. Project Delivery & Documentation - Assist your team members with technical documentation creation and ensure compliance with CIBC standards, best practices, web accessibility requirements, and security protocols. Wherever necessary, present project status updates to senior management and other team members and ensure project timelines are being met You can demonstrate experience with web development languages, Git branching strategies, responsive design as well as code testing frameworks. It's an asset if you have experience working in an Agile environment. You're passionate about people. You find meaning in relationships, and surround yourself with a diverse network of partners. You build trust through respect and authenticity. You love to learn. You're passionate about growing your knowledge, and you know that there is no limit to what you can achieve. You're driven by collective success. You know that collaboration can transform a good idea into a great one. You understand the power of an inclusive team that enjoys working together to bring a shared vision to life. You understand that success is in the details. You notice things that others don't. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making. Values matter to you . You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. We work to recognize you in meaningful, personalized ways including a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, a health benefits program, defined benefit pension plan, an employee share purchase plan and MomentMakers, our social, points-based recognition program. Our spaces and technological toolkit will make it simple to bring together great minds to create innovative solutions that make a difference for our clients. We cultivate a culture where you can express your ambition through initiatives like Purpose Day; a paid day off dedicated for you to use to invest in your growth and development. CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
ScrapedJobID140:
Communicating well, being kind unto others, choosing to be vulnerable and always being honest. Understand the core of problems from first principles and never be afraid to question received wisdom. Approaching problem solving iteratively, simplifying not complicating. Being curious and interested in understanding business and technology. Embrace the use of code in everyday data solutions. Working hard to make solutions that we can be proud of and use ourselves. 3 Weeks holiday to start. 100% virtual work environment - our staff often work in fun sunny places! Comprehensive health and wellness benefits package. We are committed to nurturing and training our people. You can demonstrate your exceptional ability to solve problems in software. You are willing to learn and communicate. You are curious about technology and how it helps people and organizations. 
ScrapedJobID141:
or equivalent experience Consulting firm Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls JavaScript HTML CSS Criminal record check Computer Internet access Cellular phone Own transportation Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Tight deadlines Internet Desktop applications Effective interpersonal skills Client focus 
ScrapedJobID142:
A degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering (or related training) In-depth knowledge of JavaScript (ES6/2015+) Experience building mobile web apps, preferably with React Native Experience with RESTful API consumption, caching, and error handling Familiarity with Git, pull requests, and CI/CD workflows Experience with GraphQL (or a strong willingness to learn) A passion for clean architecture and future-proof code + a desire to stay up to date in web tech A collaborative and innovative spirit Experience with a client state manager, like Apollo Client Experience with automated testing frameworks such as Jest Experience with profiling and optimizing your creations Experience with native mobile development (either native projects or writing plugins for React Native) Your CV, highlighting your background, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID143:

ScrapedJobID144:
Create responsive and custom WordPress websites using Elementor page builder as a foundation, and able to tailor the rest of the site to match mockups Upload festival program content to our website using WordPress platform Optimize SEO of WordPress websites Recommend and implement website performance improvements Development, debugging and maintenance of existing and new WordPress web projects Check website content for accuracy Proofread and edit the text before publishing Assist with delivery of event content and programming, archival coverage, and other event specific tasks during event days Strong HTML5, CSS3, PHP, MySQL, JQuery skills Experience with servers / hosting Ability to work very closely with designers and respect pixel perfect design Aesthetically inclined and an appreciation for good design Having hands-on experience creating wireframes by using Adobe XD is an asset Knowledgeable on current best practices and trends in user experience/user interfaces Strong time management ability to meet changing priorities while meeting strict deadlines Experience working in a highly collaborative environment Strong detail-oriented and organized Yes 
ScrapedJobID145:
Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Effective interpersonal skills Team player Organized 
ScrapedJobID146:
https://www.fortinet.com/products/fortigate/fortios https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zx56_G2RnjE Implement and maintain web-based user interfaces Collaborate with development, UX, and QA teams to create easy to use and responsive web applications Translate UI/UX proposals into real solutions Experience working with Javascript, HTML, and CSS. Experience with one or more Javascript frameworks/libraries. Excellent problem solving and troubleshooting skills Experience with Linux development environment Understanding of UX principles and how to apply them Understanding of networking and security concepts Experience with Typescript Experience with C++/C 
ScrapedJobID147:
Adobe Acrobat Reader Adobe Illustrator Adobe Photoshop Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls PHP MySQL JavaScript HTML CSS Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Programming languages MS Office Initiative Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Dependability Organized 
ScrapedJobID148:
Provide ongoing support and expertise as the Royal Conservatory of Music’s IT front-end development subject matter expert (SME). Research, design and provide recommendations for Drupal-based solutions. Develop custom Drupal modules using a mixture of PHP and AngularJS. Make alterations to purchased or off-the-shelf Drupal modules as necessary. Develop, debug, test and deploy code based on project schedules and business priorities. Troubleshoot concerns with production code. Make alterations to Drupal-based themes as necessary. Collaborate with various stakeholders within IT and other departments to develop great web experiences for the intended audience(s). Ensure technical documentation is produced in a timely manner, either throughout or following the completion of supported projects. Performing other duties as required College diploma or university degree in the field of computer science, information systems or equivalent 3 to 5 years of front-end development experience, including responsive design 3 to 5 years of website development experience using Drupal, WordPress or other CMS Programming experience using PHP, Perl and other common web-based development languages Relational database programming experience using MSSQL, Oracle or MySQL Expert knowledge of JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, HTML5, CSS, and Angular frameworks. Strong knowledge of RESTful API design and usage for system integration Knowledge of integration technologies using XML such as JSON and SOAP. Knowledge of hosted website providers such as BlueHost, HostGator or Acquia. Experience with version control systems, including merging and branching code Experience with unit testing, end-to-end testing and performing post-resolution follow-up Experience debugging and rectifying issues with deployed code Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a fast-paced environment. Strong desire to learn and adapt to new technologies Strong organizational and estimation skills Demonstrated acumen as a trusted collaborator and team player, capable of managing expectations and engaging in regular communication with stakeholders. Excels in both team and independent work. Proven ability to communicate with others across various forms, i.e. written and orally. Critically minded and eager to continuously improve resources tools and systems. Extended periods of PC use and seated work. 
ScrapedJobID149:
Maintain quality and ensure responsiveness of applications. Collaborate with the rest of the engineering team to design and launch new features. Maintain code integrity and organization. Build out features for our applications while collaborating with project managers. Create and maintain feature requests and plans and ensure timely delivery of these features. Prioritize workloads and coordinate schedules. Develop, record and maintain cutting edge web-based PHP applications on portal plus premium service platforms Build innovative, state-of-the-art applications and collaborate with the User Experience (UX) team Ensure HTML, CSS, and shared JavaScript is valid and consistent across applications Prepare and maintain all applications utilizing standard development tools Utilize backend data services and contribute to increasing existing data services API Lead the entire web application development life cycle right from concept stage to delivery and post-launch support Convey effectively with all task progress, evaluations, suggestions, schedules along with technical and process issues Document the development process, architecture, and standard components Keep abreast of new trends and best practices in web development Creative and efficient problem solver Skills to design the overall architecture of web applications. Experience with backend programming languages PHP (Laravel) Proficient using JavaScript and CSS libraries and frameworks such as jQuery, Bootstrap, and various MVVM Frameworks Development experience for both mobile and desktop. Understanding of server-side languages, including PHP. Knowledge of code versioning tools such as Git. Experience with an RDBMS Excellent written and spoken English is a must Skills for design is an asset Competitive salary Complete dental and health benefits Flexibility. A mix of in-office and remote working – 2 to 3 days per week in-office work at the office located in Bradford, Ontario. We are flexible Opportunity to grow within the company Relaxed work environment Bonus pay Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift PHP: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID150:
Yes Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Flexible schedule Life insurance Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID151:
Evolve and enhance User Interface of our core SimplePin application and Company website Participate in the analysis, elaboration, and estimation of customer requirements and specifications Design, develop, and deploy new production-quality features and functionality that meet customer requirements Maintain and improve existing code, including monitoring for front-end errors, reporting errors to internal bug tracking system Build high-quality mockups and design different prototypes Collaborate with application support to analyze, troubleshoot, reproduce, and resolve production issues reported by customers Work with other team members on release planning and deployment activities Innovate and improve development and implementation processes and tools by advocating technologies and designs that promote efficiency, reliability, and reusability Be proactive, facilitate knowledge sharing, and continually improve our activities Perform code and layout reviews, refactoring, and assisting other developers Provide technical solutions related to User Interface and User Experience Ensure all personal deliverables are done with highest level of quality, on time, and done according specifications Ensure that the goals and objectives are accomplished within defined timeframes and allocated budgets Analyze business requirements, provide the feedback to stakeholders. Perform technical investigation of customer support issues and provide resolution Track time and deliver time-sheets on weekly basis Perform technical research and present innovative solutions which contribute to company success Other tasks as assigned 3+ years’ Front-end Development and IT experience A fundamental understanding of designing for different technologies, platforms and browsers Experience using software best practices like Test-Driven Development (TDD) and Continuous Integration (CI) Fluency in the principles of user-centered design methods, information architecture, usability, and interface and interaction design A firm grasp of a range of UX tools, processes, and outcomes Strong debugging and analytical skills Worked as part of Scrum teams or similar iterative Agile development methodologies Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in software engineering or computer science Practiced continuous improvement and promoted knowledge sharing Capable of managing assigned tasks and meeting deadlines Excellent interpersonal, communication, collaboration, and writing skills Proactive problem solver Multi-tasking capabilities with ability to adjust to paced environment Works under minimal supervision, with general guidance from technical management Attention to details Fluent in spoken and written English is a plus Experience in HTML5 technologies, Angular, Bootstrap, CSS, Ajax and JavaScript/jQuery. Experience in developing responsive cross-browser/cross-platform UIs for web applications. Knowledge of graphics software such as Adobe Suite, Photoshop etc. Understanding of Core Java development practices Proficiency in Unix Operation Systems with experience in Linux / Bash scripting Knowledge of Apache Wickets framework Knowledge of Atlassian products, including JIRA, Confluence and Service desk. Drupal CMS experience is a plus Experience with financial math is a plus Chief Technology Officer (CTO) Software design and development 
ScrapedJobID152:
Build and maintain our project using JavaScript ES6 Translate design and wireframes into high quality code Optimize code for maximum performance across multiple browsers Mentor and grow junior developers to help ramp up their knowledge Troubleshoot and monitor issues occurring in production Future-oriented:  You have the future in mind when you are building the project Team player:  You work well within a team environment and are not afraid to give honest feedback to your peers Communicative: You enjoy contributing to technical discussions with your peers and are not afraid to ask questions 3+ years of web development experience using JavaScript 2+ years of experience using React.js Strong proficiency in JavaScript, including DOM manipulation Experience writing quality tests and achieving test coverage goals Experience using TypeScript Experience with common front-end development tools such as Babel, Webpack, etc Thorough understanding of React.js and it’s core principles Familiarity with newer specifications of EcmaScript Familiarity with good JavaScript design principles and patterns Familiarity with RESTful APIsFamiliarity with modern front-end build pipelines and tools Understanding of SOLID and Dependency Injection principles Experience with Vue.js Experience with CircleCI or Github Actions Experience with iFrames Experience with WebSockets 
ScrapedJobID153:
Culture: an organization that is guided by our fundamental principles of humanity, impartiality, neutrality, independence, voluntary service, unity and universality; Opportunity: to work with the best and brightest in the non-profit field, in an environment that promotes continuous learning, creativity and collaboration; Employee Benefits: achieve a work/life balance for you and your new team with competitive vacation time, generous personal days and flexible work arrangements; Meaningful Work: you will be creating technological innovations that support emergencies and save lives. Maintain and develop new features on our applications based on requirements; Keep an eye on security updates, issues and all project dependencies; Develop unit test code as part of overall quality assurance best practices; Participate in design review and code inspections; Collaborate with teams across the company to solve software, system design and implementation problems; Work with development and product management teams to define user story acceptance criteria, break down complex stories into tasks, estimates, plan and deliver; Convert technical and functional requirements into system level design specifications, to develop high-performance software; Contribute to improvement in our corporate software development methodology and practices; Troubleshoot and debug new or existing software programs; Write or update functional requirement documents and guides, as required; Other duties as required. Bachelor degree in computer software with a minimum 5+ years’ experience in Front End development or equivalent combination of education and experience; Major experience in implementing complex application with one of the major front-end framework (preferably with Vue.js); Familiarity with state management pattern, routing and Single Page Application; Expertise in HTML, CSS, Javascript, Typescript; Experience with both consuming and designing RESTful APIs; Vuetify usage an asset; Understanding responsive design principles and how to apply them on the client-side; Experience with DevOps tooling for development (e.g. Docker); English and French communications (oral and written); Experience in agile methodologies such as SCRUM; Ability to work well within a team – sharing information as appropriate, respectfully, while being approachable; Excellent interpersonal communication skills and experience in contributing to diverse teams is critical; 
ScrapedJobID154:
Teach prepared course curriculum through lessons and interactive exercises Work 1 on 1 with students to provide in-class and project support Help resolve issues and coach through issues and problem-solving Collaborate with Juno’s Program Operations Manager to solve student experience and lesson delivery issues Contribute to the creation of an inclusive and positive learning environment by regularly reviewing best practices and bringing genuine care and personality to interactions within the Juno community Recommend improvement of our courses’ curriculum through Juno’s established curriculum change process Have at least 2 years of practical, professional experience working as a developer Are excited about Web Development Have a strong understanding of modern HTML, CSS, and JavaScript features and usage Be comfortable using a text editor such as VS Code or SublimeText Be comfortable using GitHub, Google Drive, Zoom, and Slack Have excellent verbal communication skills Be collaborative, energetic, and empathetic Be a skilled technical problem solver Be flexible, and able to respond and adapt to different learning styles and personalities 
ScrapedJobID155:
Capable of becoming a technical resource for the team by being able to quickly learn unfamiliar tools and frameworks on the job Capable of vetting and analyzing different libraries, APIs, and problem-solving approaches to create production quality solutions Communicating with technical and non-technical peers Write documentation to support any code maintenance and technical analysis 3+ years of experience developing in PHP, MySQL, Docker, and Git 1+ years of experience creating custom WordPress Plugins 1+ years of experience developing in Laravel experience developing in Node.js Ability to contribute to Database Architecture Planning Ability to work on a team and independently Strong communication skills, both written and verbal Strong customer service, organizational, and problem-solving skills Magento, Joomla, Drupal experience MongoDB and Python experience Ansible and CodeceptJS experience Experience working with crypto currency payments Experience utilizing natural language machine learning in production Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Weekend availability Are you legally authorized to work in Canada? Yes 
ScrapedJobID156:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Fast-paced environment Attention to detail Tight deadlines Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Client focus Dependability Organized 
ScrapedJobID157:
Expert with PHP, SQL Databases and Apache, Linux JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, & CSS Hands-on experience with content management systems: WordPress, WooCommerce Drupal, or Joomla or PHP Framework Laravel Able to setup a complete development environment (production, staging, dev) Understand domain registration, DNS and SSL encryption Experience with CDN, proxies and implemented caching strategies Implement code and performance optimizations Experience working with third-party API integrations & OAuth for CRM software (e.g. Hubspot and Zoho) Bonus if candidate can code with SEO in mind Able to take ownership of the development, optimization and maintenance of the Accuenergy website Can identify, troubleshoot and solve development issues Able to complete projects fast and error-free Help deliver marketing initiatives to completion Proactively engaging management of issues, timeline status and any associated risks Able to adapt to new roles and responsibilities as needed You can work independently or in a team with minimal supervision Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, web development or related experience PHP: 2.5 years JavaScript: 2.5 years HTML/CSS: 2.5 year Web Development: 2.5 year Dental care Discounted or free food Extended health care On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (required) PHP: 2 years (preferred) JavaScript: 2 years (preferred) HTML/CSS: 2 years (preferred) Web Development: 2 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID158:
An Awesome & Supportive environment Work/Life balance Competitive Salary 4 Weeks of paid vacation Excellent health and dental benefits Work from Home Work with team in providing application design and architecture Deliver quality-focused, predictable, and effective software development processes Analyze and prepare recommendations to address existing and potential enhancements areas in system design Work with development and project team members in technology discussions, decisions, and implementation Design, create, and support architectures that require little change over extended periods of time Strong ability to quickly interpret and transform information into solutions into design and development. Strong ability to quickly interpret and transform information into solutions into design and development Execute and provide feedback regarding architectural and design standards Work with others to ensure ongoing research and prototyping of key technologies Comprehend, analyze, and solve highly complex technical problems involving system functionality, architecture, relational databases and systems integration Plan and implement system changes effectively to effectively build and foster collaborative relationships with people at all levels of the organization Strong ability to quickly interpret and transform information into solutions into design and development. Ability to follow defined business policies, practices and controls to ensure compliance to SOC2 principles. Stay current with and anticipate technology trends 1+ year of experience in Web Application Development. (JavaScript, HTML and CSS.) Work experience with JavaScript, HTML and CSS is required. Knowledge of AngualrJS, NodeJS Knowledge of the Jasmine JavaScript testing framework Knowledge and understanding of NoSQL databases is an asset. Strong operating system knowledge (Windows and Linux) are required Knowledge of and experience with application security concepts an asset. Experience with Agile methodology an asset. Knowledge and Experience in Machine Learning an asset Experience working with Chrome Developer Tools, and have familiarity with Jenkins and Git Strong communication and customer interfacing skills with particular emphasis on understanding scope and requirements. 
ScrapedJobID159:
Work with UX specifications and deliver on clean and responsive front-end (HTML, CSS, minimal JS) code to customer specifications. Develop user interfaces, and write code to support cross-device, cross-browser compliant user actions based off provided requirements. Very strong English verbal and written communication skills. Strong client-facing, presentation and relationship skills. Focus primarily on front-end development using HTML, CSS and some JavaScript. Comfortable with using other frameworks besides jQuery. Experience with working to UI specifications. Add polish and support the release of a Riot.Js applications. Utilize team-oriented version control software (Git) in accordance with company standards. Comfortable in owning the testing of own scope prior to release back to team. Minimum 5 years of development for mobile web, specifically with responsive web development. HTML + CSS3, ideally LESS/SASS experience on other projects that included multiple streams of work. Experience in creating dynamic web 2.0 application. Experience in assessing scope and deadlines and working to them. Assets: riot.js/react framework, ecommerce front-end development. Solid understanding of responsive/mobile-first design, web standards, UI/UX best practices. Able to work efficiently and meet/exceed deadlines under pressure. Willingness to learn domain knowledge when required 
ScrapedJobID160:
Help plan product features and initiatives by providing a design perspective Create mockups and HTML prototypes for websites and mobile apps Work with developers to implement these designs as dynamic websites and apps using HTML, CSS, and Javascript Design real world promotional and marketing materials including business cards, tshirts, posters, product packaging, etc Create short animations and video for advertising and marketing purposes Update and maintain existing web content Capture requirements, create documentation, and communicate with stakeholders Portfolio that demonstrates your ability in both graphic and web design Degree or Diploma in Digital Graphic Design or a related discipline Three or more years of Javascript, CSS, and HTML targeting web, tablet, and mobile browsers using responsive web design Good interactive design sense: the ability to design and implement web and mobile elements utilizing modern UI/UX principles with minimal guidance Experienced in building wireframes and site/app prototyping Experienced in using Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator) and other industry-standard graphic design applications Video Editing and Animation experience (Adobe Premier, After Effects) Understanding of the importance of designing to meet business and project objectives Strong conceptual skills, an eye for detail, and the ability to take a project from inception to completion Experience with version control Comfort with start-up environments; You’re nimble in your thinking, and you understand how quickly priorities can shift in a startup environment Health, Dental, and Medical Benefits Friendly and collaborative environment Hours: 10-6pm- miss the rush-hour traffic! 
ScrapedJobID161:
You are a team player and fierce collaborator, though can also work independently You are proactive and self-directed You maintain a high awareness of industry issues and trends, particularly in regards to accessibility, usability, and emerging technologies You understand major browsers and browser development tools, and are familiar with testing and debugging across multiple browsers, platforms, and devices, including smart phones and tablets You have great communication skills – both written and verbal You are knowledgeable and experienced with web development methodologies (Agile and Waterfall) Develop clean, efficient, maintainable, modular (JavaScript/HTML/CSS/ PHP) code Provide accurate timing estimates on work Contribute to documentation (instructional, pitch and technical specification) Collaborate and guide other non-technical staff, particularly designers, on how they can help with the process Discuss technical solutions with clients and provide innovative new ideas and solutions Constantly seek to develop yourself by experimenting with new technologies and assess what could be useful for the team Conduct code reviews with fellow team members Consistently meet deadlines and have the ability to prioritize multiple projects Minimum 2-6 years’ web development experience in an agency or in-house setting Experience with WordPress a must, preferable to have experience with other content management systems as well (e.g., HubSpot, Adobe Experience Manager, Joomla, Drupal, Umbraco, Webflow, Contentful, ContentStack) Knowledge of email marketing platforms such as Marketo, Silverpop, HubSpot, Oracle Marketing Cloud (Eloqua), Salesforce Pardot Fluency in Adobe Creative Suite, Microsoft Office/Apple software (Word, PowerPoint, Keynote, Excel) and wireframing software (Figma, InVision, Sketch, Adobe XD, etc.) Experience working in B2B or business marketing in complex categories a plus 
ScrapedJobID162:
Meeting with teams to discuss website front-end design, UX/UI, plugin development and other design functions. Designing and building the website's front-end UI. Creating the website architecture. Designing and managing the website back-end dashboard, including database and server integration. Generating WordPress themes and plugins. Conducting website performance tests. Troubleshooting content issues. Conducting WordPress training with teams. Monitoring the performance of the live website. Creating, designing, and deploying landing pages. Knowledge of Miro, Notion, Dovetail, Figma, Airtable, Overflow, Pen and Paper, Portopie, Lookback, Maze, Trello, OptimalSorGoogle Forms, Typeform, OptionalWorkshop Questions, Capian, Paper, Belvedere Calendar, Zeroheight, The A11y Project, Lighthouse, WAVE, Color Oracle would be nice to have but not necessary. Manage analytics reporting from sources such as Google Analytics, Alexa, Oribi, HotJar. Keep up with the latest trends, stacks, and frameworks in the front-end/javascript ecosystem. Be comfortable working sometimes independently and with teams. Designing and implementing applications using web technologies such as WordPress, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Exposure to React, Angular in an Agile environment (nice to have) Working with JavaScript frameworks and web frameworks as necessary Undergraduate degree in the design-related field; Graduate degree preferred or Degree in Computer Science, Interactive Design, UX/UI Design, or additional relevant education. Minimum of 3 to 5 years of digital design experience, WordPress professional experience, preferably in digital design, interaction and visual design, menus, UI and UX Proven work experience as a WordPress Developer is a must. Knowledge of front-end technologies including CSS3, JavaScript, HTML5, and jQuery. Knowledge of code versioning tools, including Git, Mercurial, and SVN. Experience working with debugging tools such as Chrome Inspector and Firebug. Good understanding of website architecture and aesthetics. Ability to project manage. Good communication skills. Substantial expertise in user interactions for a high-traffic web application. Solid knowledge of front-end markup and design frameworks: HTML/CSS, Bootstrap, Material Design, WordPress. Firm understanding of responsive web and mobile design. Expertise in either visual design or interaction design, plus experience and continued growth in the other discipline. In-depth knowledge of UX/UI principles and best practices, user-centred design, and design thinking. Advanced understanding of business processes and operations, project methodologies, organizational practices, and business transformation. Expertise in using software tools and windows applications, primary focus on PHP. Aptitude in exercising sound judgment while making decisions and handling confidential information with discretion. A dynamic, diligent, and effective influencer with a can-do attitude to exercise initiative and handle several tasks and changing priorities. A strong communicator with established customer experience skills who can effectively connect, both verbally and in writing, with customers and related teams courteously and effectively. Proficient in Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator. Proficiency in working with plugins. Proficiency with responsive development. Portfolio/pdf samples of recent work, including web and mobile case studies. Familiar with various hosting environments and related web applications (email, web servers, DNS, etc.) Experience coding HTML emails Familiarity with accessibility guidelines for web development A dynamic, diligent, and effective influencer with a can-do attitude to exercise initiative and handle several tasks and changing priorities. A strong communicator with established customer experience skills who can effectively connect, both verbally and in writing, with teams in a courteous and effective manner Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID163:
Own the product from a technical perspective making changes to stack, adding services, refactoring code, changing infrastructure, and adding or removing any tools as necessary Collaborate with Tax Specialists and Developers in drafting functional specifications Develop software with an emphasis on concretely enhancing user experience (reducing delivery times for engagements, reducing error rates, etc.) Architect, code and debug problematic code Improve cloud-based applications infrastructure and deployment pipelines Change database structure and write queries that optimize performance and/or resource usage when possible Work with containers and Kubernetes in development and production environments Take part of code reviews as both a reviewer and reviewee BS in Computer Science or equivalent combination of education and professional work experience 3-5 years of demonstrated development experience building web applications Experience with HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript, requiring solid cross-browser ES6+ skills/TypeScript Experience with automated testing frameworks and pipelines Proficiency using any Reactive Front-End frameworks like AngularJS, React, Vue.JS, Svelte, etc. Experienced building scalable and maintainable REST APIs using Node.JS or other back-end frameworks Strong fundamental knowledge of relational databases (SQL in particular) and ability to write performant queries Ownership; we need you to help own codebase, infrastructure, and write performant and maintainable code that both you and your team can work with Experience using version control software (i.e. Git), and Waterfall and Agile development methodologies Practical Experience using mainstream cloud services AWS, MS Azure and GCP Fundamental knowledge of Linux system administration Hungry for experience, and eager to learn in a rapidly changing industry A curiosity that looks to redefine the norm and sees technology and innovation as a tool to open new doors and new opportunities Passionate and capable of delivering solutions with a high attention to detail Ability to communicate complex ideas to different audiences 
ScrapedJobID164:
Champions a customer focused culture to deepen client relationships and leverage broader Bank relationships, systems and knowledge Responsible for planning and estimation, implementation, testing, deployment, support, documentation, and overall technical ownership of the AEM platform Lead the technical design, development, code reviews, deployment, strong coding standards for efficiency and reuse of Adobe Experience Manager solutions Providing technical guidance and mentorship to the team on software development best practices using clean code, solid architecture and craftsmanship Determining feasibility and scalability of AEM to solve business needs, interacting with business and product owners in order to define technical solutions Integrating RESTful APIs and third-party systems as part of the overall architecture Understand how the Bank’s risk appetite and risk culture should be considered in day-to-day activities and decisions Champions a high performance environment and contributes to an inclusive work environment. 3+ years of Experience in AEM touch UI/modern components 3+ years of Experience in full cycle AEM implementations using version 6.5 (AEM component development, Asset workflow development, Schedulers, Metadata & Tag Management plus integrating AEM with other applications) 2+ years of front-end development using JavaScript, HTML, CSS and React Bachelor's degree in a technical field such as computer science, computer engineering or related field required 
ScrapedJobID165:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Client focus Dependability Organized 
ScrapedJobID166:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements PHP MySQL JavaScript CSS Angular.js Fast-paced environment Linux Initiative Organized Dental Benefits Group Insurance Benefits Life Insurance Benefits 
ScrapedJobID167:
Adobe Illustrator Startup company Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls JavaScript HTML Git Linux Project management software Programming software Programming languages Website creation and management software Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID168:
Post-secondary graduates – this is not a requirement for residents of the Yukon, Northwest Territories and Nunavut applying for internships in those territories Underemployed (employed below their level of education, work part-time or unemployed) Between 15 and 30 years of age at the start of the internship Canadian citizens, permanent residents or persons granted refugee status in Canada* Legally allowed to work according to the relevant provincial and Canadian legislation and regulations Available to work up to 3 months Previous participants of a DS4Y internship University or college co-op or intern students Employees of the hiring employer prior to the start of their internship (does not apply to previous coop students or student interns, although this must be clearly indicated by the employer) Work from home Monday to Friday Describe please what experience you have with Angular? Could you confirm that you meet the gov funding eligibility requirements? Yes 
ScrapedJobID169:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Attention to detail Initiative Team player Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID170:
Designing sample page layouts including text size and colors Designing graphics, animations and manipulating digital photographs Presenting initial design ideas to clients Coding using a variety of software Working with different content management systems Search engine optimization (SEO) Proofreading content and making changes where necessary Editing content, debugging code and re-designing web pages Working with other web specialists including web developers and graphic designers Testing the website to ensure it is working Researching current design trends Continual professional development to keep up to date with new software developments. Current college junior or senior pursuing a bachelor’s degree in Cloud Computing and Big Data, or a related field Minimum commitment of 5 days per week. Good knowledge of HTML, CSS, Adobe Suite, SQL. 
ScrapedJobID171:
From concept to deployment, drive the end-to-end lifecycle of new features in Crescendo’s platforms Contribute to technical decision-making Grow - at Crescendo we believe in continuous improvement, and you’ll be able to use your annual learning budget to develop your skills with courses and conferences You have proven professional experience with React You’re adaptable - you have experience working on a dynamic product that is ever-changing and evolving rapidly You take ownership and feel responsible for the product as a whole, not just the components you are assigned You’re a leader and have educated teammates about best practices and principles, especially with regard to coding You’re accomplished in your field and have practical experience with a variety of technologies You have experience guiding a team through successful architectural and technical decisions You are comfortable learning new coding languages and choosing the right tool to get the job done You always write unit and integration tests, and understand that we are only as strong as our weakest link You show maturity in tradeoffs, make sound decisions, and plan well 
ScrapedJobID172:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls JavaScript HTML Spreadsheet MS Windows Internet HTML editing software Web service design Website creation and management software MS Office Effective interpersonal skills Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID173:
PHP / Laravel experience MySql experience Vuejs / React - frontend Has built a modern web app from start to finish Post secondary graduate Solution Needed: Crawl a website to generate all of the URLs (already built internally) Scrape the content off of each page Search sections of that content in Google to identify if it returns other examples showing that the content is in multiple locations Create a report/scoring algorithm to identify when a site has plagiarism and the extend of it Test the entire site scanning solution against best in class solutions like Copyscape which covers a single piece of content Future - Create a complete SAAS solution around this with payment, accounts etc Do you have family members that won’t play board games with you because you are too competitive? Do you love setting and achieving goals? Can you laugh at yourself? Do you love solving problems or puzzles and crushing a to-do list? Do notifications you have and unread messages drive you mad? Do you find winning as a team more fun than by yourself? Flexible hours Training with a senior developer Seeing a product you build go live Competitive compensation at $30/hr Remote Possible Pay - $30/hr Duration - 3 months (start Jan 3rd) PHP: 1 year (required) English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID174:
Champions a customer focused culture to deepen client relationships and leverage broader Bank relationships, systems and knowledge Responsible for planning and estimation, implementation, testing, deployment, support, documentation, and overall technical ownership of the AEM platform Lead the technical design, development, code reviews, deployment, strong coding standards for efficiency and reuse of Adobe Experience Manager solutions Providing technical guidance and mentorship to the team on software development best practices using clean code, solid architecture and craftsmanship Determining feasibility and scalability of AEM to solve business needs, interacting with business and product owners in order to define technical solutions Integrating RESTful APIs and third-party systems as part of the overall architecture Understand how the Bank’s risk appetite and risk culture should be considered in day-to-day activities and decisions Champions a high performance environment and contributes to an inclusive work environment. 3+ years of Experience in AEM touch UI/modern components 3+ years of Experience in full cycle AEM implementations using version 6.5 (AEM component development, Asset workflow development, Schedulers, Metadata & Tag Management plus integrating AEM with other applications) 2+ years of front-end development using JavaScript, HTML, CSS and React Bachelor's degree in a technical field such as computer science, computer engineering or related field required 
ScrapedJobID175:
Deliver high quality products at a rapid pace Collaborating closely with Product Team to build the best data science applications Building new functionality for Arima's backend and data services Experience with web technologies, including HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript Highly experienced with back-end programming languages (preferably Python) Hands on professional experience with React Proficient experience using advanced JavaScript libraries and frameworks. Experience with building RESTful APIs, and databases Experience with responsive web applications Experience in Data Science and Machine Learning would be helpful, but not required. Bonus pay Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Stock options Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Python: 1 year (required) React: 1 year (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID176:
You are a rockstar designer that has made a slight or heavy shift over to coding. You live for making AMAZING experiences that look equally good on web and mobile. You'll love working with other world-class designers to make your joint vision a living, breathing reality. You love the nimbleness of the startup environment and are capable of dealing with the pace and change that comes with it. You have an eye for quality and detail (e.g. you spotted the typos in this JD, which initially annoyed you, but now know were just part of the test). A background or qualification in digital design with a portfolio of dazzling creative output. 1+ yrs experience in ReactJs would be a huge advantage, Otherwise, 1.5+ yrs experience in vue.js or Angular is required. 5+ years combined design and coding experience. 2+ years of coding experience is a big plus. Organized, able to be self-managed, and able to collaborate across teams spread over multiple time zones. You have exceptional written and verbal communication skills. Ability to take design and wireframes provided by the design team and author professional and maintainable CSS, HTML, and JavaScript to bring it to life. Build pixel-perfect, fluid, and delightful UIs across the web and mobile interfaces. You take the designs to the next level, adding value during the implementation. Work with a front-end engineer to build reusable components and front-end libraries for future use. Translate designs and wireframes into high-quality code. 100% Remote Highly competitive compensation package Comprehensive benefits, including up to 100% paid medical, dental, & vision insurance coverage for you & your loved one. 401k program An Oculus Quest 2 - Our All Hands meetings and Engagement events are done in VR Flexible work schedule and paid time to create your own work/life harmony An international team of highly talented and engaged people from different cultural backgrounds and locations. The latest technology and equipment to do your best work from your home office Be an OG in a young project that is already making 
ScrapedJobID177:
Write, design, or edit pages and content Create responsive website designs Meet with clients to discuss projects Create aesthetically pleasing web pages Create graphics for websites and marketing purposes Have creativity and imagination Have an in-depth knowledge of web design techniques Have an in-depth knowledge of graphic design techniques Adapt and quickly pick up new techniques HTML5/CSS3 JavaScript PHP WordPress Adobe Creative Suite 
ScrapedJobID178:
Contribute to a cross-functional team who are building amazing web sites for some of the biggest names in the financial industry Mentor and learn from developers of all levels, evangelizing your knowledge and best practices to colleagues Work with our clients to improve their current offerings in addition to conceptualizing new ways to engage with their clients Leverage your 4-7 years of industry experience to provide your team with feedback and expertise Satisfy your natural craving for problem solving by building proof-of-concepts and designing applications Tap into your passion for building intuitive, performant, and secure web experiences to create the next generation of industry leading web sites You're smart and motivated enough to find a way, even if you don't know how yet You will help balance project timelines and team commitments in an exciting fast paced environment JavaScript, HTML, CSS jQuery, Bootstrap, LESS. SASS .NET MVC with C# NPM, Gulp, Continuous Integration Tools Angular, React, or Vue NodeJS SQL Web Accessibility Web Site Security IT degree or relevant professional experience 
ScrapedJobID179:
Develop new user-facing features Build reusable code and libraries for future use Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability Assure that all user input is validated before submitting to back-end Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders Proficient understanding of web markup, including HTML5, CSS3 Basic understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS Proficient understanding of client-side scripting and JavaScript frameworks, including jQuery Good understanding of advanced JavaScript libraries and frameworks, such as AngularJS, KnockoutJS, BackboneJS, ReactJS, DurandalJS etc. Good understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates, and AJAX Basic knowledge of image authoring tools including Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator, to be able to crop, resize, or perform small adjustments on an image. Proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them. Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git and SVN Good understanding of SEO principles and ensuring that application will adhere to them. Video edting and compression skills are an asset for video backgrounds Familiarity with coding front end UX for various content managent platforms such as Joomla and Wordpress, as well as Laravel based software applications 
ScrapedJobID180:
Work with the product, CX, engineering, and stakeholder teams to transform a user journey into code. Have the opportunity to own and drive solutions to customer problems. Write secure, scalable code for front-end user experiences. Deliver using agile, test driven design methodology. Learn and adapt technologies to real problems. Have the opportunity to integrate the UI with the platform via APIs, backend integration, web, mobile and data pipelines. 3 to 5+ years of front-end development using Angular 2+ (or modern frameworks, e.g. React, Vue, etc). Experience in one or more front-end test frameworks, e.g. jest, jasmine, cypress, mocha, etc. Excellent knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, javascript (ES6+), TypeScript. Experience with CSS frameworks, e.g. Bootstrap. Ruby on Rails or other web application frameworks. Proven experience building cutting edge User experiences. Proficiency with Linux/UNIX command-line. Love to own problems and drive solutions. Working autonomously and being highly resourceful Bachelors, MSC or PHD in computer science or engineering Other Valued Skills* Git or other version control systems Python Regex Relational databases such as PostgresQL, MySQL Experience with event based systems, e.g RabbitMq, Kafka, etc Building a RESTful API Heroku, AWS Security & Cryptography Experience in payment and billing or other finance solutions * We believe in innovation and vibrant culture* - work for an innovative, people-first, financial services firm that values entrepreneurialism We believe in a flexible work structure – A flexible hybrid work model that empowers you to do your best work whether at home or at the office We care about your rewards - Competitive compensation including equity programs We care about your health – comprehensive group health and dental benefits and life insurance, including a Lifestyle Spending Account for all your wellness needs We care about your rest - a flexible paid-time-off policy with unlimited vacation days, flexible sick and mental health days We care about your family - Paid parental leave for eligible employees with top-up We care about your future – Group RRSP matching and TFSA program in Purpose funds We care about your development – subsidies are available for courses and tuition 
ScrapedJobID181:
Write, design, or edit pages and content Create responsive website designs Meet with clients to discuss projects Create aesthetically pleasing web pages Create graphics for websites and marketing purposes Have creativity and imagination Have an in-depth knowledge of web design techniques Have an in-depth knowledge of graphic design techniques Adapt and quickly pick up new techniques HTML5/CSS3 JavaScript PHP WordPress Adobe Creative Suite 
ScrapedJobID182:
Contribute to a cross-functional team who are building amazing web sites for some of the biggest names in the financial industry Mentor and learn from developers of all levels, evangelizing your knowledge and best practices to colleagues Work with our clients to improve their current offerings in addition to conceptualizing new ways to engage with their clients Leverage your 4-7 years of industry experience to provide your team with feedback and expertise Satisfy your natural craving for problem solving by building proof-of-concepts and designing applications Tap into your passion for building intuitive, performant, and secure web experiences to create the next generation of industry leading web sites You're smart and motivated enough to find a way, even if you don't know how yet You will help balance project timelines and team commitments in an exciting fast paced environment JavaScript, HTML, CSS jQuery, Bootstrap, LESS. SASS .NET MVC with C# NPM, Gulp, Continuous Integration Tools Angular, React, or Vue NodeJS SQL Web Accessibility Web Site Security IT degree or relevant professional experience 
ScrapedJobID183:
Develop new user-facing features Build reusable code and libraries for future use Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability Assure that all user input is validated before submitting to back-end Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders Proficient understanding of web markup, including HTML5, CSS3 Basic understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS Proficient understanding of client-side scripting and JavaScript frameworks, including jQuery Good understanding of advanced JavaScript libraries and frameworks, such as AngularJS, KnockoutJS, BackboneJS, ReactJS, DurandalJS etc. Good understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates, and AJAX Basic knowledge of image authoring tools including Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator, to be able to crop, resize, or perform small adjustments on an image. Proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them. Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git and SVN Good understanding of SEO principles and ensuring that application will adhere to them. Video edting and compression skills are an asset for video backgrounds Familiarity with coding front end UX for various content managent platforms such as Joomla and Wordpress, as well as Laravel based software applications 
ScrapedJobID184:
Work with the product, CX, engineering, and stakeholder teams to transform a user journey into code. Have the opportunity to own and drive solutions to customer problems. Write secure, scalable code for front-end user experiences. Deliver using agile, test driven design methodology. Learn and adapt technologies to real problems. Have the opportunity to integrate the UI with the platform via APIs, backend integration, web, mobile and data pipelines. 3 to 5+ years of front-end development using Angular 2+ (or modern frameworks, e.g. React, Vue, etc). Experience in one or more front-end test frameworks, e.g. jest, jasmine, cypress, mocha, etc. Excellent knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, javascript (ES6+), TypeScript. Experience with CSS frameworks, e.g. Bootstrap. Ruby on Rails or other web application frameworks. Proven experience building cutting edge User experiences. Proficiency with Linux/UNIX command-line. Love to own problems and drive solutions. Working autonomously and being highly resourceful Bachelors, MSC or PHD in computer science or engineering Other Valued Skills* Git or other version control systems Python Regex Relational databases such as PostgresQL, MySQL Experience with event based systems, e.g RabbitMq, Kafka, etc Building a RESTful API Heroku, AWS Security & Cryptography Experience in payment and billing or other finance solutions * We believe in innovation and vibrant culture* - work for an innovative, people-first, financial services firm that values entrepreneurialism We believe in a flexible work structure – A flexible hybrid work model that empowers you to do your best work whether at home or at the office We care about your rewards - Competitive compensation including equity programs We care about your health – comprehensive group health and dental benefits and life insurance, including a Lifestyle Spending Account for all your wellness needs We care about your rest - a flexible paid-time-off policy with unlimited vacation days, flexible sick and mental health days We care about your family - Paid parental leave for eligible employees with top-up We care about your future – Group RRSP matching and TFSA program in Purpose funds We care about your development – subsidies are available for courses and tuition 
ScrapedJobID185:
Confirmit - https://www.confirmit.com/ FocusVision - https://www.focusvision.com/ Dapresy - https://www.dapresy.com/ 2 or more years industry experience developing front-end web applications using React/Redux and NodeJS Strong knowledge in JavaScript friendly, smart and easy to work with open to test driven development ideas and understand the importance of building quality into your software humble, and enjoy helping your colleagues and appreciate their guidance in return Work/Life balance Competitive salary and benefits package Secure employment, average R&D tenure is 5+ years. Local team with access to a larger developer community. Casual work atmosphere, flexible work schedules, and a great team Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends Do you live in the BC lower mainland? React: 2 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID186:
Developing and managing web, IOS and Android applications. API integrations IOS and Android development. Complete assigned projects in a timely manner to meet deadline requirements. Experience with programming languages HTML, Java, PHP, Javascript, Python, Objective C and Swift. Proficient with Github & Gitlab. Experience and with API integrations. On-site parking 8 hour shift No 
ScrapedJobID187:
or equivalent experience Android Eclipse Adobe Acrobat Reader Adobe Illustrator Adobe Photoshop Flash Adobe Dreamweaver Adobe Premiere Pro Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls XML Servlet MySQL Java JavaScript JSP HTML DHTML CSS Ajax JQuery Git Model-View-Controller (MVC) PowerBuilder Criminal record check Fast-paced environment Attention to detail Tight deadlines Relocation costs covered by employer Word processing software Unix Spreadsheet Oracle MS Windows Linux Internet Database software JavaOS Networking software Networking hardware Networking security Extranet Intranet Servers File management software Presentation software Mail server software Communication software Image editing software Project management software Programming software HTML editing software Web service design Programming languages Software development Data analysis software Website creation and management software MS Office Desktop applications Multimedia software Initiative Organized Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID188:
Fully remote and flexible working environment - Every one of our employees works from home every day of the week, and we provide a home office allowance to help you get set up to do your best work. Outcome-driven - We don’t micromanage developers; if you get the job done, you can do so anyway you like. Outstanding people - Every day, employees from every department get together to chat about tech, coffee, hobbies, jeeps, and much more. If you ever need help, there will always be volunteers available. Top-notch tech - Our application has been completely reworked from the ground up and uses a combination of Typescript, Vue, Sass, GraphQL, WebSockets, and more. Continuous improvement - We check in often, take feedback and make adjustments where we need to improve. Ideas are always welcome and received with an open mind. Generous compensation - The benefits package includes health, vision, dental and more. Plus yearly performance reviews and raises. A real team player - You’ll be joining a close-knit group of people who think of one another more like friends than coworkers. So a positive outlook and the ability to handle constructive criticism are musts. Passion for engineering - We don’t build run-of-the-mill software, and we like to move fast; there’s no room for lukewarm developers here. An always learning attitude - Software development is a fast-changing field, and our drive for continuous improvement means that you should expect to push your boundaries. The ability to think outside the box - Our app isn’t built to any standard, so don’t expect to jump into a bog-standard React/Redux or Vue/Vuex stack. Instead, some of our work will challenge you to rethink how you approach development. No agencies/contract work/etc. We are looking for individual, full-time employees. Only hiring in the USA or Canada — no exceptions. Provide a sample of your code. For example, a personal side project, your GitHub account, a stack overflow answer — anything will do. Please clarify in your cover letter how you meet the technical requirements listed - we always get a ton of applications, and lots of them are people that really aren't qualified. So help us help you - call out that you've read what we are looking for and speak to how you are a good fit. 
ScrapedJobID189:
Manufacture Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Criminal record check Basic security clearance Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Tight deadlines Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID190:
Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Fast-paced environment Attention to detail Team player 
ScrapedJobID191:
or equivalent experience Criminal record check Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Willing to relocate Relocation costs covered by employer Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Client focus Organized Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID192:

ScrapedJobID193:
Play a critical role in developing and maintaining our loaning and client management software which utilizes C# Windows form frontend with a SQL backend Work within a small development team using an Agile approach to software development Follow service requests through the entire software development lifecycle, from inception and planning to development and finally user acceptance testing, staging and eventually release Track and troubleshoot issues received and provide support for our front-line staff when it comes to software errors and questions Play a proactive role in code optimization to improve performance Demonstrate a strong understanding of data structures, logic, and algorithm skills, and a broad understanding of the .Net Framework. Work with 3rd parties to integrate software and/or transfer information as required Create and manage unit-tests to validate that the software does what it was intended to do Extract, visualize and provide data reports to business units so they can use the knowledge to make informed business decisions. Work directly with other Programmers, Project Manager, Business Analyst, Project Consultant to develop and manage our core products and systems. Program and test complex scenarios under pressure that involves multiple systems with multiple stakeholders. Ensure adherence to security procedures and protocols. Recommend and implement industry best coding practices. Produce and maintain documentation for our system and subsystems. Provided work estimates and status updates to managers, architect and stakeholders. Monday to Friday Software development: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID194:
or equivalent experience Restaurant and food service Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Write, modify, integrate and test software code Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Criminal record check Computer Internet access Cellular phone Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Standing for extended periods Tight deadlines Media advertising Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID195:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls 
ScrapedJobID196:
Adobe Illustrator Adobe Photoshop Flash Adobe Dreamweaver Adobe Premiere Pro Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Attention to detail Tight deadlines Unix MS Windows Linux MAC JavaOS Programming languages Website creation and management software MS Office Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID197:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls XML Visual Basic VB Script PHP Object-Oriented programming languages MySQL Java JavaScript HTML DHTML C++ Basic Objective-C Python Basic security clearance Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Tight deadlines Spreadsheet Oracle MS Windows Internet JavaOS Networking software Networking hardware Networking security Intranet Servers File management software Security software Programming software HTML editing software Programming languages Software development MS Office Desktop applications Multimedia software Computer-aided design (CAD) C# .NET Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID198:
Stock options 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID199:

ScrapedJobID200:
or equivalent experience School or educational institution/establishment Write, modify, integrate and test software code Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications XML Visual Basic VB Script Object-Oriented programming languages MySQL Java JavaScript JSP HTML CSS XML Technology (XSL,XSD,DTD) SQL Soap Ajax JQuery C# .NET ASP.NET Python React Native React.js Angular.js Model-View-Controller (MVC) TCP/IP Internet Database software Extranet Intranet Communication software Project management software HTML editing software Web service design Data analysis software Enterprise Applications Integration (EAI) Business diagram software API Business intelligence Remote work available Group Insurance Benefits 
ScrapedJobID201:
To work with some of the best professionals in the business - for a firm that values individual intellect as much as teamwork State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential Design, implement, and support the data platform Be capable of handling large complex datasets using python technology to stay competitive in the fast-moving financial market. Develop scalable solutions to problems and do the proof of concepts and tech reviews of different solutions. Build high performance analytics platform and maintain key system features within data platform. Collaborate with various Morgan Stanley business units, product owners, data scientists, and engineering teams to understand requirements and conduct capacity planning in Agile/scrum environment. Provide technical guidance and guidance to other engineers. Focus on Automation and optimizations for all areas of data analytics platform maintenance and deployment. At least 3 years of experience Experience developing & designing data-driven systems in Python Python data engineering stack including libraries such as Flask / Numpy / Pandas / Dask / Plotly / Jupyter KDB knowledge or experience with another high-performance time series database Full stack HTML5 Web development experience Experience with financial concepts such as equities / fixed income / options / futures Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID202:
Innovate on audio storytelling, exploring completely new ways for people to tell stories in audio formats Developing new products that unlock more ways for creators to engage their audience beyond the Wattpad platform Experiment with complex and groundbreaking new technical environments (ie, audio storytelling with social elements, new models for creator earnings, web3, and other new product concepts) Contributing ideas during brainstorming and discovery to build new methods of storytelling Bringing the sense of ownership of a co-founder, taking on roles and responsibilities across the team Plan collaboratively, and drive innovation with a multi-functional team Communicate with technical and non-technical audiences alike Practice agile principles, delivering experiences to our users continuously You’re skilled in at least one of the following and have experience picking up new languages when relevant; Go, PHP, Python, React, Backbone Desire to help shape product evolution with new formats Like learning new things within and outside of technology: technical challenges, product ideas, business models Self-starter who is comfortable working with ambiguity Experience building and iterating on greenfield projects from the ground up A hands on approach to innovation with comfort adapting and building across a variety of technologies with minimal direction Excited by new technology and emerging consumer trends A passion for storytelling and creativity of expression Competitive salary Medical insurance RRSP matching Annual bonus Career development; we believe in mentorship and supporting you to achieve your goals, including a learning and development budget for conferences. $200/month Transit and Home Office Allowance, choice of hardware, flexible hours Subsidized gym membership for you and your family And a whole lot more! 
ScrapedJobID203:
gives back to the community has leadership that inspires, coaches and mentors allows you to speak up and be heard AND ... likes to have FUN? Live and breathe UI/UX design and data visualization; Utilize modern frontend frameworks such as React to build Web applications; Build custom data visualizations to make data accessible and understandable; Integrate Web applications with RESTful APIs; Evaluate solutions and help to define the architecture and design of our data analytics platform; Contribute with development best practices and experiment with new ideas; Work collaboratively with cross-functional teams to identify creative solutions for data analysis, and plan and execute critical products from concept to production. Experience developing and maintaining production web applications and building single-page applications; Passionate about data visualization and knowledgeable on how to best present insights hidden in the data; Deep knowledge of Javascript (ES6+) and modern frontend frameworks such as React, Vue or Angular Understand the strengths and weaknesses of the popular chart types and data visualizations; Experience designing and implementing new visualizations using D3.js or similar; Big plus if you have experience designing and implementing analytical platforms You have a passion for keeping up with the constant state of rapid evolution in the data world! You are a creative & innovative thinker. You are entrepreneurial and take initiative, finding and executing great ideas with minimal resources. You are a visionary! Someone who wants to leave a lasting impact on business You are excellent at communicating within a team and with clients You thrive under pressure and have no problem meeting deadlines Remote Work Environment #ChooseOurOwnAdventure . Read more about our remote work environment here! Summer Hours ️ Wellness Program Lunchtime virtual gym sessions? Count me in! Course Reimbursement Program – We want you to keep learning, so we can too! Personal Days in addition to Vacation days An extra day off during the month of your birthday - our gift to you! Open and transparent communication, including bi-weekly All Hands Meetings with our CEO Pelmorex Learning Academy includes offerings like French, Leadership (for people leaders and non-leaders alike), yoga, mindfulness Your mental health is important to us! We partner with Inkblot for virtual counseling sessions Free online doctor visits with Maple Online Healthcare Personal Spending Account - Full-Time employees will receive $500 per year While we encourage 1:1 conversations, we recognize that not everyone is comfortable with speaking up. We have an anonymous reporting platform (Speakfully) to ensure everyone’s voice is heard Weather is inclusive, we will be too. We have an IDEAS (Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Awareness, Solidarity) team committed to making this happen! 
ScrapedJobID204:
Develop new features for the Web app Work closely with both development and product teams Review User Stories prior to development Participate in daily scrums, and weekly sprint meetings Provide bug fixes for existing features Peer review code from other members of the team Support the planning, feature estimation, and scoping of development work Collaborate with other team members to ensure timely delivery of new features 1+ years of demonstrated experience in Web app development (not just static web) Experience and fluency in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, RESTful web services, and React JS (knowledge of VueJS and AngularJS is a plus) Experience using Git as a version control system Experience in responsive layout implementation Familiar with front-end debugging tools using Chrome dev tools or equivalent Experience working in an Agile Delivery model Experience with WebPack, NodeJS, Express, ES2016, Sass or Less Experience with automated testing React Web App using Redux Git using GitHub JIRA Company equity / stock option grants Comprehensive and flexible health benefits plan 3 weeks of paid vacation per year, increasing with seniority 1 week of paid personal leave per year Annual professional self-development stipend Casual dress code Flexible work schedule 
ScrapedJobID205:

ScrapedJobID206:
Code, test and maintain applications, web services and components in Microsoft C# and ASP.NET, and .NET Frameworks Write scalable, maintainable code using Microsoft naming conventions and best practices. Extensive knowledge of Object-Oriented Design, architecture and design patterns Clarify business requirements by working with business analysts and end users; create high-level and detailed design specifications to address user goals; formulate plans – outlining steps required to develop programs for design deliverables Participate in peer-reviewed requirements and design Estimate assigned work effort and be accountable for deliverables and completion dates Analyze, review and modify programs to increase operating efficiency Follow and improve established software delivery lifecycles, programming standards and frameworks Development includes new product investment initiatives and client-requested custom modifications and enhancements Ability to adapt in an environment that demands customer satisfaction Provide 24x7 (Tier 3) production and UAT/QA application support Require occasional overtime and travel Computer Science Degree or 3+ years of web development experience. 1+ years experience working in Java, .NET or another C-style language through personal or work experience 1+ years of experience with Web technologies (HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, jQuery Mobile, etc.) 1+ years of extensive development with MySQL or MSSQL databases Understanding of client/server and multi-tier architectures Understanding and experience writing SQL queries and schema design. Experience developing UI and graphical components Understanding of REST and SOAP web services Experience building web applications and integrations using REST and SOAP web services Experience with a source control management solution (e.g. Subversion, GIT, etc.) Experience deploying web applications on Microsoft Internet Information Server and related technologies Experience leveraging open source components and technologies Full life cycle experience on enterprise or commercial software projects Experience developing UI and graphical components for various client layers Strong English documentation skills Strong problem-solving, analysis and troubleshooting skills Drive to continually improve and learn Ability to comprehend & follow established procedures Ability to make decisions using critical reasoning Ability to prioritize, manage multiple responsibilities and meet deadlines Strong communication skills (written, reading comprehension, listening, verbal) in English Ability to work independently without high degree of supervision Ability to collaborate and communicate effectively with team members and maintain effective working relationships Ability to adapt and change as priorities and needs change Exceptional customer service approach working with internal users and external customers Bonus pay Dental care Extended health care RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Can you, after employment, submit your verification of your right to work in the United States or Canada? Yes 
ScrapedJobID207:
Flexible schedule Work from home Front-end development: 2 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID208:
currently an undergrad in Computer Science demonstrate ability working with REST APIs and JSON comfortable with a HTML/CSS/JavaScript/node.js stack ability to code with React.js, Bootstrap tables, and HighCharts able to use a MySQL database location: WeWork @ 1 University Ave, Toronto must be interested in finance/blockchains/trading-bots gain valuable experience in the fintech sector jumpstart your career while completing your degree gain access to our extensive professional network 
ScrapedJobID209:
Contribute to both client-facing and internal applications development, while delivering a great UI experience. Participate in design decisions and collaborate in technical reviews. Be a gatekeeper of the codebase and ensure that it stays stable, readable, and free of technical debt, while building & improving code across the entire stack. Identify opportunities for improvement and make constructive suggestions for change. Participate in development opportunities including training. Occasionally assist with recruitment, e.g. interviewing new team members. 2+ years of experience as a professional software developer. Proven familiarity with modern JavaScript, and intimate knowledge of the JS ecosystem (tooling, libraries, etc.), HTML, and CSS. High level familiarity with one or more front-end frameworks, especially React. Software development fundamentals (data structures, algorithms, etc.). Knowledge of good practices and design patterns, and writing idiomatic JavaScript code. Well developed written and verbal communications skills, including the ability to read, write, and speak English. Ability to legally work in Canada or the US. B.Sc. degree in Computer Science or related discipline. Experience with the AWS ecosystem of products. Understanding of performance implications and scalability of code. Experience with complex code bases and know how to maintain them. Keenness for writing good, meaningful tests and maintaining thorough test coverage. Experience in the Financial Services industry. Javascript codebase: NodeJS, Express. React front-end. REST, Socket.IO, GraphQL. PostgreSQL DB, Sequelize ORM. Serverless Infrastructure: AWS–including Lambda, DynamoDB, Step Functions, Cognito, EventBridge, S3, SQS, and many more. Casual dress Company events Dental care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday professional software developer: 2 years (required) JavaScript: 1 year (required) HTML: 1 year (required) CSS: 1 year (required) English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID210:
Prepare rough drafts and present ideas. Conceptualize creative ideas based on the requirements and design briefs. Test and refine our website’s designs. Use the appropriate colors and layouts for each design. Work with Marketing Managers to produce final designs. Communicate designs ideas with user flows, process flows, sitemaps, and wireframes. Amend designs after feedback Ensure final graphics and layouts are visually appealing and on-brand Design plans and presentation of the website structure. Has 3+ years of experience in Web Design. Has strong graphic design skills. Unique focus to create web pages that are straightforward and easy to navigate. Has knowledge in HTML, CSS, and Javascript. PHP and MySQL will be an asset. Has knowledge of design software and technologies (e.g. InDesign, Illustrator, Photoshop, Figma, Sketch). Experience with UI/UX methodologies. Good understanding of Search Engine Optimization (SEO). Has a keen eye for aesthetics and a penchant for details. Is a great communicator, both written and verbally. Open and receptive to feedback Works methodically and meets deadlines with ease. Preferably has a degree in design, fine arts, or a related field. Working at Top Down Campus, a collaborative work environment with cross-functional teams, amongst multiple, rapid-growth SaaS companies at varying stages of growth. Mentorship from industry veterans with a 100% track record of industry success in funding and scaling software companies creates endless career opportunities. Training and professional development budget provided to help advance your career and skills (available every year to every employee). World-class offices and facilities in downtown Vancouver’s most exclusive business neighborhood with beautiful ocean/mountain views. Fully stocked bar, organic local coffee, snacks, food, and a world-class gym. Brand new, top-of-the-line height-adjustable desks, workstations, hardware, and equipment provide a comfortable working environment. Monthly public transportation subsidy available to all employees, plus a top benefits package including 100% extended health and dental. 
ScrapedJobID211:
Plan, implement, manage, evaluate design and upgrade the group websites Create new landing pages, forms, web pages, e-blasts and other artifacts across Sitecore, WordPress and related technologies Use existing and create new design elements for CTAs, photos, infographics, etc., to support web experiences Work with the demand team, identify, implement, measure, optimize and maintain landing pages, conversion mechanisms, and other on-page conversion optimization components Work with our SEO agency, content team, and cross-functionally, identify, operationalize, manage and execute content creation opportunities, including owning the web content calendar Work with internal and external design resources, continually upgrade the quality of the visual experience on our digital properties Manage project delivery and deadlines with the internal design team and external agencies Provide insights and recommendations on improving web properties including design, content, information architecture, UX Respond to and troubleshoot all website issues Ensure that the website is protected and compliant by enabling the appropriate data capture security measures, laws, cookie policies, GDPR etc. Conduct content audits to eliminate redundant and/or duplicate information and ensure website quality and efficiency Collaborate with all staff and management to ensure that websites align with brand strategy and meet the organization’s standards Collaborate with the global web team and other countries regarding CRO, SEO, content and webtracking, sharing best practices Systematic A/B testing to increase web performance Extensive knowledge of managing and building content in WordPress, Hubspot or CMS platforms (Sitecore an asset) Experience using Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Hotjar (or similar) Strong understanding SEO, web conversion rate optimization and web performance Data driven mindset and structured approach to A/B testing Meticulous attention to detail and outstanding problem-solving skills Ability to troubleshoot website issues in a fast-paced environment Ability to work with cross-functional teams Experience with e-commerce a plus Adobe Design Suite, UX Design experience Strong skills in HTML, CSS, cross-browser compatibility; JavaScript a plus Dental care Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID212:
Fully remote and flexible working environment - Every one of our employees works from home every day of the week, and we provide a home office allowance to help you get set up to do your best work. Outcome-driven - We don’t micromanage developers; if you get the job done, you can do so anyway you like. Outstanding people - Every day, employees from every department get together to chat about tech, coffee, hobbies, jeeps, and much more. If you ever need help, there will always be volunteers available. Top-notch tech - Our application has been completely reworked from the ground up and uses a combination of Typescript, Vue, Sass, GraphQL, WebSockets, and more. Continuous improvement - We check in often, take feedback and make adjustments where we need to improve. Ideas are always welcome and received with an open mind. Generous compensation - The benefits package includes health, vision, dental and more. Plus yearly performance reviews and raises. A real team player - You’ll be joining a close-knit group of people who think of one another more like friends than coworkers. So a positive outlook and the ability to handle constructive criticism are musts. Passion for engineering - We don’t build run-of-the-mill software, and we like to move fast; there’s no room for lukewarm developers here. An always learning attitude - Software development is a fast-changing field, and our drive for continuous improvement means that you should expect to push your boundaries. The ability to think outside the box - Our app isn’t built to any standard, so don’t expect to jump into a bog-standard React/Redux or Vue/Vuex stack. Instead, some of our work will challenge you to rethink how you approach development. No agencies/contract work/etc. We are looking for individual, full-time employees. Only hiring in the USA or Canada — no exceptions. Provide a sample of your code. For example, a personal side project, your GitHub account, a stack overflow answer — anything will do. Please clarify in your cover letter how you meet the technical requirements listed - we always get a ton of applications, and lots of them are people that really aren't qualified. So help us help you - call out that you've read what we are looking for and speak to how you are a good fit. 
ScrapedJobID213:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Criminal record check Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Physically demanding Attention to detail Ability to distinguish between colours Sound discrimination Sitting Combination of sitting, standing, walking Standing for extended periods Bending, crouching, kneeling Tight deadlines Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID214:
Conduct design reviews with engineers to make sure the right security features are making it into the products - taking into consideration the domestic, international, and industry security and privacy regulations and frameworks. Participate in and support application security reviews and threat modeling, including: Secure code review. Support the code review process by providing 1-1 guidance, group training, creating documentation as needed, and performing ad hoc secure code review as needed. Dynamic testing, using tools like Burp Suite or mitmproxy for examining app interactions. Design and drive application security vulnerability management across different technologies. You will coordinate with engineering teams to validate findings, prioritize findings/assets, remediate and verify mitigations, and internal reporting for management. Assist with vendor reviews by evaluating new and existing vendors. As well as evaluating tools, libraries, services, and other software for security and privacy issues. Coordinate the creation and maintenance of technical security documentation. Identify areas for internally created and externally provided application security training. Assist in development of automated tooling and processes to support our internal operations. For example, creating audit scripts to help with compliance efforts. Assist with risk assessments and security questionnaires. Practice security assurance by identifying and directing areas to enhance monitoring in order to verify that policy and procedures are adhered to and that controls are operational. Lead Information Security policy creation and maintenance of application and developer focused policies by refactoring security policies and standards to focus on the right controls, using ISO 27001, SOC, OWASP, and NIST frameworks. As a member of the incident response team, assist with the overall lifecycle of an incident, from triaging to lessons learned. Experience commensurate with 5 years of work in an application, product, or security engineering related role. Experience with coding and reading multiple programming languages in the context of web services and secure coding practices. Knowledge of penetration testing techniques and ability to implement them appropriately. Ability to configure, operate, and tune vulnerability scanning tools. Ability to lead threat modeling. Strong knowledge of secure development practices for web applications and services, and capability to train others in them. Front-end and/or back-end development experience. Experience working with static and/or dynamic programming languages. Go and/or Perl experience The primary programming languages at the company are Go, Perl and JavaScript/TypeScript, but we are happy to hear from people with experience in other languages. Ability to develop expertise in Go, Perl and JavaScript/TypeScript,. SQL databases, ideally PostgreSQL. Application security experience in a cloud environment. Dental care Disability insurance Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID215:
Innovate on audio storytelling, exploring completely new ways for people to tell stories in audio formats Developing new products that unlock more ways for creators to engage their audience beyond the Wattpad platform Experiment with complex and groundbreaking new technical environments (ie, audio storytelling with social elements, new models for creator earnings, web3, and other new product concepts) Contributing ideas during brainstorming and discovery to build new methods of storytelling Bringing the sense of ownership of a co-founder, taking on roles and responsibilities across the team Plan collaboratively, and drive innovation with a multi-functional team Communicate with technical and non-technical audiences alike Practice agile principles, delivering experiences to our users continuously You’re skilled in at least one of the following and have experience picking up new languages when relevant; Go, PHP, Python, React, Backbone Desire to help shape product evolution with new formats Like learning new things within and outside of technology: technical challenges, product ideas, business models Self-starter who is comfortable working with ambiguity Experience building and iterating on greenfield projects from the ground up A hands on approach to innovation with comfort adapting and building across a variety of technologies with minimal direction Excited by new technology and emerging consumer trends A passion for storytelling and creativity of expression Competitive salary Medical insurance RRSP matching Annual bonus Career development; we believe in mentorship and supporting you to achieve your goals, including a learning and development budget for conferences. $200/month Transit and Home Office Allowance, choice of hardware, flexible hours Subsidized gym membership for you and your family And a whole lot more! 
ScrapedJobID216:
Stock options 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID217:
or equivalent experience School or educational institution/establishment Write, modify, integrate and test software code Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications XML Visual Basic VB Script Object-Oriented programming languages MySQL Java JavaScript JSP HTML CSS XML Technology (XSL,XSD,DTD) SQL Soap Ajax JQuery C# .NET ASP.NET Python React Native React.js Angular.js Model-View-Controller (MVC) TCP/IP Internet Database software Extranet Intranet Communication software Project management software HTML editing software Web service design Data analysis software Enterprise Applications Integration (EAI) Business diagram software API Business intelligence Remote work available Group Insurance Benefits 
ScrapedJobID218:
object oriented programming client/server technologies (PHP, Ruby, Python, etc) development frameworks (Druple, Joomla, DotNetNuke, etc) database design (MYSQL, etc) javascript frameworks iOS/iAd development Rich Internet Application design/development 
ScrapedJobID219:
This job posting is for Spring 2022 (May-August) Software Developer Co-Ops ONLY, for all other campus inquiries please send your information to campusrecruitment@vidyard.com. This role will be remote. Co-Ops/Interns must reside and work from Canada for the duration of their term. Ruby on Rails, Node.js or other MVC web frameworks JavaScript, Vue.js, React, jQuery HTML, CSS MySQL or other relational databases Git & Github Redis or other NoSQL databases Automated testing with RSpec or similar Interacting with and building web APIs/services Amazon EC2 and Heroku PHP, Python or other scripting languages would be an asset 
ScrapedJobID220:
Flexible schedule Work from home Front-end development: 2 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID221:
Contribute to both client-facing and internal applications development, while delivering a great UI experience. Participate in design decisions and collaborate in technical reviews. Be a gatekeeper of the codebase and ensure that it stays stable, readable, and free of technical debt, while building & improving code across the entire stack. Identify opportunities for improvement and make constructive suggestions for change. Participate in development opportunities including training. Occasionally assist with recruitment, e.g. interviewing new team members. 2+ years of experience as a professional software developer. Proven familiarity with modern JavaScript, and intimate knowledge of the JS ecosystem (tooling, libraries, etc.), HTML, and CSS. High level familiarity with one or more front-end frameworks, especially React. Software development fundamentals (data structures, algorithms, etc.). Knowledge of good practices and design patterns, and writing idiomatic JavaScript code. Well developed written and verbal communications skills, including the ability to read, write, and speak English. Ability to legally work in Canada or the US. B.Sc. degree in Computer Science or related discipline. Experience with the AWS ecosystem of products. Understanding of performance implications and scalability of code. Experience with complex code bases and know how to maintain them. Keenness for writing good, meaningful tests and maintaining thorough test coverage. Experience in the Financial Services industry. Javascript codebase: NodeJS, Express. React front-end. REST, Socket.IO, GraphQL. PostgreSQL DB, Sequelize ORM. Serverless Infrastructure: AWS–including Lambda, DynamoDB, Step Functions, Cognito, EventBridge, S3, SQS, and many more. Casual dress Company events Dental care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday professional software developer: 2 years (required) JavaScript: 1 year (required) HTML: 1 year (required) CSS: 1 year (required) English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID222:
4+ years experience (or project equivalents) in graphic design
Strong understanding of common tools such as the Adobe / Affinity suites Strong understanding of common tools such as the Adobe / Affinity suites Experience with HTML/CSS Webflow experience and projects Basic experience with JS/jQuery Strong portfolio demonstrating: Web development projects
Graphic design projects Web development projects Graphic design projects Strong understanding of UX/UI best practices/principles Design and develop the marketing website, landing pages and more to better serve & address customer problems Create graphics, design layouts for email, as well as the HTML/CSS coding of email templates Creating prototypes, reviewing, and iterating on versions with team members Managing and maintaining third party services on the core website Create graphic materials such as social advertisements for a landing page Occasionally help with other graphic materials such as sales collateral Amazing product with incredible traction. This is a rare opportunity to build something special Work remotely. In your pajamas. From the beach. From the beach in your pajamas. We measure impact on what you accomplish Opportunity to learn and grow - we're all infinite learners Be a part of a BIG vision that's inspiring and unique Work remotely Competitive pay and stock options vesting from day 1 Health, dental, and long term disability benefits from day 1 Flexible work hours and work from home Holiday shut down Speak and write English fluently Send us a quick 1 minute YouTube video breaking down a landing page that you love 
ScrapedJobID223:
Create, code and implement web-based user interfaces for FortiManager/FortiAnalyzer. Write reusable code and libraries for both server and front-end codes(full stack). Enhance and optimize web user interface for best performance and scalability. Collaborate with graphic designers and backend development teams to construct and implement the front-end interfaces. Bridge the gap between technical implementation and customers’ scenarios, always pay attention to useability details. Self-test completed features before passing job to release QA team. Proficient with one or multiple JavaScript framework/libraries such as React, Redux, JQuery, AngularJS, VueJS etc. Expertise in HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap. Hands-on coding experience with Python or C++ Strong analysis, problem-solving and troubleshooting skills. A collaborative personality, highly responsible and enjoy working in a team-oriented environment. Bachelors degree in computer science or equivalent experience. 
ScrapedJobID224:
Participate in project planning meetings to design and document software features, requirements, and specifications Communicate effectively with end users to determine software requirements Write and maintain code in conjunction with other developers and changing requirements Read and write documentation for code Maintain, support, and enhance legacy applications Assist Senior development team with business development initiatives (demonstrations, client meetings, presentations, bids and proposal support, etc.) Remain current on web technology trends, and rapidly learn and apply new skills and tools during the life cycle of a project Clear understanding of computer programming principles React.js, GraphQL, Azure Comfortable using Visual Studio Code Hardware/Software experience with servers, desktops, laptops and printers in a Windows environment Ability to work in a team environment Good troubleshooting and strong analytical thinking skills Self starter and motivated Ability to learn on their own Bonus pay Casual dress Flexible schedule Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID225:
Build new features for the Kloudville application Assist with extending application infrastructure as needed Diagnose and resolve issues 3+ years of experience in web development Excellent plain JavaScript skills Excellent understanding of and experience with object-oriented principles Experience building large single page web applications Strong understanding of and appreciation for code quality 
ScrapedJobID226:
Overtime pay Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift No weekends Do you have valid work permit in Canada? Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID227:
or equivalent experience Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Criminal record check Public transportation is available 
ScrapedJobID228:
Plan, implement, manage, evaluate design and upgrade the group websites Create new landing pages, forms, web pages, e-blasts and other artifacts across Sitecore, WordPress and related technologies Use existing and create new design elements for CTAs, photos, infographics, etc., to support web experiences Work with the demand team, identify, implement, measure, optimize and maintain landing pages, conversion mechanisms, and other on-page conversion optimization components Work with our SEO agency, content team, and cross-functionally, identify, operationalize, manage and execute content creation opportunities, including owning the web content calendar Work with internal and external design resources, continually upgrade the quality of the visual experience on our digital properties Manage project delivery and deadlines with the internal design team and external agencies Provide insights and recommendations on improving web properties including design, content, information architecture, UX Respond to and troubleshoot all website issues Ensure that the website is protected and compliant by enabling the appropriate data capture security measures, laws, cookie policies, GDPR etc. Conduct content audits to eliminate redundant and/or duplicate information and ensure website quality and efficiency Collaborate with all staff and management to ensure that websites align with brand strategy and meet the organization’s standards Collaborate with the global web team and other countries regarding CRO, SEO, content and webtracking, sharing best practices Systematic A/B testing to increase web performance Extensive knowledge of managing and building content in WordPress, Hubspot or CMS platforms (Sitecore an asset) Experience using Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Hotjar (or similar) Strong understanding SEO, web conversion rate optimization and web performance Data driven mindset and structured approach to A/B testing Meticulous attention to detail and outstanding problem-solving skills Ability to troubleshoot website issues in a fast-paced environment Ability to work with cross-functional teams Experience with e-commerce a plus Adobe Design Suite, UX Design experience Strong skills in HTML, CSS, cross-browser compatibility; JavaScript a plus Dental care Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID229:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Group Insurance Benefits Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID230:
Analyze highly complex business requirements; generate technical specifications to design or redesign complex software components and applications Act as an expert technical resource for modeling, simulation and analysis efforts Leverage industry best practices to design, test, implement and support a solution Assure quality, security and compliance requirements are met for supported area Be flexible and thrive in an evolving environment Adapt to change quickly and adjust work accordingly in a positive manner Actively pursues effective and efficient operations of his/her respective areas in accordance with the bank’s Values, its Code of Conduct, and the Global Sales Principles, while ensuring the adequacy, adherence to and effectiveness of day-to-day business controls to meet obligations with respect to operational, compliance, AML/ATF/sanctions, and conduct risk. 7+ years experience with Web and Cloud technologies (preferred Microsoft Azure At least 5 years of hands on experience with Development experience in needed language or technology Hands on experience in designing, developing and successful deployment of large-scale projects from end-to-end Hands on experience in following the iterative and agile SDLC 1-2 years of prior experience in level 1 production support J2EE technologies - Java, JDBC, Web Services (SOAP, REST) Web application technologies - Restful APIs, Spring, Spring Boot, JSON Database experience - DB2, SQL Build management and code deployment experience - IBM Websphere, Azure CDP (Cloud Development Platform) Understand HTTPS, TLS/SSL and has experience on generate certificate Monitoring tools - Splunk Source code repository - Bitbucket, Git, SourceTree, Clearcase J2EE technologies - JSP, JSF, Servlets, EJB, , JNDI and JMS IDE tools - Eclipse, IntelliJ, IBM RAD, WebLogic Workbench, STS (SpringToolSuite), etc. Web application technologies - JavaScript, jQuery, CSS/CSS3, AJAX, AngularJS/Angular2+, React, NodeJS, HTML5 and bootstrap Database experience - Azure SQL, Redis Cache, MySQL Build management and code deployment experience - Azure CI/CD DevOps pipeline, BEA WebLogic, Apache Tomcat, Maven, Gradle Understand Keystore, Key Vault and others like Active Directory, Kerberos, MFA for user and application authentication. Logging and testing – Junit, Log4J, PowerMock, Jest, Protractor, Jasmine, Selenium Code quality / security vulnerability scanning tools - Fortify, Pentest, BlackDuck Other software development tools - Atlassian Confluence and JIRA Understand how the Bank’s risk appetite and risk culture should be considered in day-to-day activities and decisions Champions a high-performance environment and contributes to an inclusive work environment. Must be fluent in English, oral and written, with excellent interpersonal, communication and negotiation skills to understand, document and share key system information with their colleagues, support groups, other technical staff, business partners and management. Takes accountability for results and exhibits a “can do attitude”. Self-starter with a desire to learn and contribute. Has an appetite to continuously evolve and improve, to tackle difficult problems and seek/give constant feedback. Embraces change and sees it as an essential driver to solve complex issues. Demonstrates flexibility and can move forward without having all the answers. Consistently seeks to understand, meet, and deliver on customers’ expectations. Bachelor's degree in a technical field such as computer science, computer engineering or related field required Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID231:
Gaining information on the requirements of website, mobile site, promo pages, technology, competitors and about the targeted audience of the website. Planning overall site design ensuring goals of user experience including all functionality are achieved Coordinating with graphic designers, computer programmers, content writers, and digital media specialists Developing navigational components Maintains site appearance by developing and enforcing content and display standards; editing submissions Timely completion for quick turn-around and job completion Verifiable experience planning site design and achieving client goals Strong knowledge of jQuery, Javascript and PHP Familiarity of various animations, transitions and other effects using various jQuery libraries Familiarity and strong knowledge of website speed optimization, resource loading and cache features Graphic design experience Client service focused Excellent team player and communicator Adaptable and willing to learn Must own a laptop with latest web development software Experience in WordPress In order to be considered for this position, portfolio is mandatory 
ScrapedJobID232:
Installing CMS websites (WordPress deployment) CMS customization and configuration Developing server-side applications for mobile apps (custom web development) Connecting two or more web applications/databases using a provided API (integrated web development) Integrate data from various back-end services and databases Conducting database, data management operations LAMP administration and configuration Work with web designers to match visual design intent Conducting web server configuration Creating and maintaining software documentation Performing other related duties assigned Minimum 2 years of full-time position experience in web development Strong programming skills and in-depth knowledge of modern HTML/CSS, and Responsive Designs Advanced understanding of how web applications work including security, session management, and best development practices Basic knowledge of DNS and IP routing principals Basic knowledge of common CMS systems – Word Press, Open Cart, Joomla, etc. Basic knowledge of MVC design architecture in PHP with PHP frameworks Understanding and experience working with Linux based Servers and Workstations. Basic knowledge of LAMP operations Essential MySQL operations Suitable job portfolios may be requested Experience working with WHM and cPanel Web server operation and optimization Strong ability to acquire new knowledge/research/learn new technologies Great communication skills and confidence in the field 
ScrapedJobID233:
Casual dress Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site parking Paid time off Wellness program 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID234:
Writing Javascript/ES6 applications Writing applications with one or more major JS frameworks, specifically React. Vue or Angular is a big plus. Working with and consuming from RESTful APIs ES2015+ (and transpilers) Design patterns CSS preprocessors Automation, Python/backend framework (Django) experience, Unit testing, Familiarity with SVG, Familiarity with web components, Familiarity with node.js, Experience with browser developer tools, Open source contributions. give you the newest MacBook Pro with accessories. care about your professional development (training). opportunities for domestic and international travel. mobile reimbursement. public transportation reimbursement. comprehensive health benefits. competitive salary and bonuses. Working closely with internal team members and client stakeholders to deliver high-quality software products, features, and/or updates. Helping to define features and implementation specifications based on business requirements. Developing high-quality frontend components for backend systems and APIs. Deploying software to cloud infrastructure and supporting DevOps. Fixing bugs, adding automated tests and improving usability. visit our website and our career page a short cover letter (paragraph) describing why this seems like a good fit to you a link to your GitHub profile (if any) your LinkedIn profile (if any) 
ScrapedJobID235:
Category: Technical Type: Full Time Reports to: VP of Operations Posting date: February 23, 2021 Planning Customer Focus Problem Solving Results Orientation Strategic Thinking Communication Adaptation Implement and modifying software to fix errors, adapt it to new hardware, improve its performance, or upgrade interfaces Provide advanced level hardware, software and systems support for the various nurses, doctors and specialists using Timeless Medical’s applications around the globe. Assist with the configuration of computerized physician order entry Build and implement new software solutions and applications from the ground up. Perform analysis, design, implementation, verification, demonstration, and maintenance of these products in a team environment. Prioritize and manage multiple projects and deliverables simultaneously Implement software according to internal and industry best practices Analyzing information to recommend and plan the installation of new systems or modifications of an existing system. Consulting with departments or customers on project status and proposals Work with Quality Assurance, Project Managers and Product Specialists to ensure that company products are meeting client standards. Analyzing information to recommend and plan the installation of new systems or modifications of an existing system. Degree or diploma in computer science, computer systems engineering, software engineering, web design, or a field related to the industry One year of related experience Demonstrated aptitude for learning new technologies Familiarity with various programming languages and development platforms Strong knowledge of browser compatibility problems for all platforms and major browser types Ability to effectively communicate both verbally and in writing High level of integrity and work ethic Ability to prioritize and manage conflicting demands Demonstrated time management skills Ability to work individually as well as part of a team High flexibility with strong interpersonal skills that allow one to work effectively in a diverse environment Extended periods of sitting Overtime as required Operation of desktop computer and peripherals Working in a busy office environment with frequent interruptions 
ScrapedJobID236:
Create responsive web applications using Angular and React Produce HTML/CSS/JavaScript code from design documentation Research and recommend functional libraries to expedite development Recommend the development of an inhouse or Open Source UI Components library Build intuitive DevOps piplines for Single Page Application (SPA) deployments into one of the main cloud providers Automate processes within the DevOps pipeline; identify opportunities for efficiency gains and reducing time-to-market, and enabling continuous delivery Ensure high code quality through automated unit and functional testing Strong attention to detail and understanding of UX and visual design concepts to provide leadership perspective on front and backend technologies and their overall impact on the creative process Scope out project deliverables and formulate a plan for development Work within an Agile product team comprised of technical, product and business team members to deliver exceptional products. 3+ years of experience working on Frontend development Must have hands on experience with Angular development 3+ years of working knowledge with:
HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, TypeScript
React, Angular, Git, Jenkins and CI/CD server HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, TypeScript React, Angular, Git, Jenkins and CI/CD server Silverlight is nice to have Strong communication and organizational skills with an ability to thrive in a fast-paced production deadline-driven environment both internal and client facing Bachelor’s degree (Master’s a plus) in Computer Science or equivalent experience 2 - 4 years of experience with:
Responsive Design methodologies and techniques
CSS Preprocessors (LESS or SASS) Responsive Design methodologies and techniques CSS Preprocessors (LESS or SASS) 3+ years of working knowledge with:
NodeJS
Zeplin, Sketch, Adobe XD NodeJS Zeplin, Sketch, Adobe XD Experience using Agile methodologies for developing applications Experience in creating project estimates, defining scope requirements, and structuring projects Ability to solve complex development problems and produce the highest quality code while striving to push the technical boundaries of online applications Ability to work quickly while maintaining strong attention to detail and accuracy while adhering to W3C and accessibility guidelines You’re excited by the prospect of learning a new technologies as needed. You’ve used or are interested in learning about backend development with Java and Spring Cloud certifications with any major cloud provider: Google, AWS or AZURE for Cloud Platform and Infrastructure 
ScrapedJobID237:
Adobe Acrobat Reader Adobe Photoshop Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code HTML Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Manual dexterity Attention to detail Ability to distinguish between colours Combination of sitting, standing, walking Tight deadlines Spreadsheet MS Windows Internet 3D graphic software Image editing software Programming software HTML editing software Web service design Programming languages Software development Website creation and management software MS Office Desktop applications Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID238:

ScrapedJobID239:
Design and implement WordPress websites using specific themes and design elements Migrate standard websites onto the WordPress platform Communicate with clients and business partners about process and procedures Using design tools, perform tasks related to graphic design Maintain websites using the WordPress CMS Update and edit current client WordPress websites Communicate with clients and business partners on various projects Produce layouts in HTML incorporating web markup standards Design graphics and website visual and textual content Slice and optimize web images Ability to learn software quickly Impeccable attention to detail and ability to follow instructions Complete projects as a team, as well as individually Work with tight deadlines on multiple projects at once Report progress and provide project updates Experience with WordPress websites and Themes 3+ year professional experience Strong attention to detail, a perfectionist Self-motivated Comfortable working on multiple projects, with the ability to prioritize various tasks as needed Great communication and writing skills in English UI/UX experience Complex Custom Web Design E-commerce website experience Must have extensive experience with WordPress Graphic Design ability HTML 4+ and CSS 2+ experience Adobe Photoshop, InDesign, Photoshop, and Premiere Pro Have a keen eye for designs and website layouts 
ScrapedJobID240:
Web design experience, from business corporate to artist style websites Excellent design skills. Proficiency in the following applications: Adobe Photoshop and Macromedia Dreamweaver. Knowledge of and experience with technologies used in website front-ends, including but not limited to HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Knowledge of search engines and what makes a search engine friendly website. Ability to scope out next generation web technologies and trends with a goal of keeping us on pace with technical advancements in the field. Ability to work independently and in a team environment. Strong verbal and written communication skills. 1-2 year(s) web-designing experience with advanced skills Excellent time management skills. Logo design experience Experience with print design 
ScrapedJobID241:
Creating responsive layouts for multiple viewports Working with and writing PHP code Using and writing code for WordPress 
ScrapedJobID242:
Helping the Kira team maintain and improve the high quality of our applications Becoming a domain expert of our products to facilitate the creation of accurate test cases Estimating, prioritizing, planning and coordinating quality testing activities Investigate and reproduce issues reported by customers while participating in the process of finding solutions Tracking quality metrics such as defect densities and open defect counts and growth Collaborating with different teams across the company such as product, engineering, DevOps, customer success Working on a cloud-based web application built on a modern technology stack (NodeJS, Lambda, Python, Django, React, TypeScript, MySQL, Docker, GraphQL, Redis, ...) Growing in your career while contributing to Kira’s success in the fast growing EdTech industry and helping us become innovators in this space Degree or diploma in Computer Science (or related field) 3+ years experience testing web applications Experience in writing clear, concise and comprehensive test plans and test cases Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes Hands-on experience with both white box and black box testing Experience with performance and/or security testing is a plus Solid knowledge of SQL and scripting Excellent communication and analytical skills Must be eligible to work in Canada Our Toronto (Yorkville) office space is open for those who prefer in-person working, and we'd love to see you. We will continue remote-friendly operations (eg. all meetings must be held over zoom, so remote team members are always included). Applications from remote candidates are absolutely welcome, provided they are in North America and operate within our time zones. (EST /EDT + 3 time zones away max). Company-provided MacBook 4 weeks of annual vacation plus office shut-down between Christmas and New Year’s Annual $1,000 professional development budget Dental and medical benefits package Stock option purchase program Annual company retreat Weekly TGIF hang-out every Friday Quarterly company-wide town hall meeting followed by fun activities afterwards Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Stock options Work from home Monday to Friday quality assurance: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID243:

ScrapedJobID244:

ScrapedJobID245:
Develop new features for the Web app Work closely with both development and product teams Review User Stories prior to development Participate in daily scrums, and weekly sprint meetings Provide bug fixes for existing features Peer review code from other members of the team Support the planning, feature estimation, and scoping of development work Collaborate with other team members to ensure timely delivery of new features 1+ years of demonstrated experience in Web app development (not just static web) Experience and fluency in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, RESTful web services, and React JS (knowledge of VueJS and AngularJS is a plus) Experience using Git as a version control system Experience in responsive layout implementation Familiar with front-end debugging tools using Chrome dev tools or equivalent Experience working in an Agile Delivery model Experience with WebPack, NodeJS, Express, ES2016, Sass or Less Experience with automated testing React Web App using Redux Git using GitHub JIRA Company equity / stock option grants Comprehensive and flexible health benefits plan 3 weeks of paid vacation per year, increasing with seniority 1 week of paid personal leave per year Annual professional self-development stipend Casual dress code Flexible work schedule 
ScrapedJobID246:
Participer à la réalisation et à l’évolution de projets numériques Soutenir l’équipe dans l’exécution des diverses demandes provenant des clients internes Formuler des recommandations pour résoudre des problèmes liés au front-end et au back-end Réviser et assurer la qualité des éléments d’intégration dans les différents navigateurs Collaborer avec l’équipe E-commerce dans l’atteinte des objectifs corporatifs Optimiser la performance des sites Web Participer aux rencontres quotidiennes de gestion de projets Partager tes connaissances avec les autres développeurs Cinq années d’expérience en développement Web Excellente compréhension des concepts de CMS Excellentes connaissances en PHP, HTML/CSS et JavaScript Bonus : Expérience avec Drupal, Symphony ou Angular Bonus : Connaissance de Salesforce ou tout autre CRM Bonus : Maîtrise de la suite AWS 
ScrapedJobID247:
8 hour shift Monday to Friday Have you living locally for at least 2 years? PHP: 4 years (preferred) Yii: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID248:
Competitive pay Medical, Dental & Vision 401k/RSP with Match Paid time off Flexible working environment Continuous Learning And an amazing culture to top it all off! Conceptualize, create, and deploy intuitive, engaging email and/or promotional landing page campaigns Use responsive design techniques for development across multiple platforms Create quick mockups as needed Participate and collaborate in concept development and design ideation with manager and email/landing page team to help define creative strategy Responsible for all QA and testing of all web pages, funnel pages, and brand assets; including cross-browser, cross-platform, and/or cross-device compatibility Use analytics and sales reports to measure campaign effectiveness and provide suggestions for improvement on future campaigns Communicate frequently with the cross-functional team members to ensure seamless coordination and delivery of assets Create and maintain project management schedule and adherence to deadlines related to your specific projects Stay up to date with current technologies and trends in web design & development, best practices, design tools, and applications Establish and document a standardized project workflow to maximize efficiency and consistency Contribute to the weekly marketing meetings to ensure clear communication, coordination and alignment to our schedule, goals and KPI’s Make recommendations on improving the overall process in collaboration with team members and management Hands-on experience with responsive design and programming languages such as HTML, CSS, and basic JavaScript. Proficient with Wordpress, Adobe Creative Suite/Cloud, headless CMS Strong understanding of sales funnels, UI, cross-browser compatibility, general web functions and standards. Results-oriented, self-motivated, creative, innovative, and organized with high attention-to-detail. Ability to manage multiple projects and priorities simultaneously. Ability to identify problems, research and create solutions Ability to be collaborative and to adjust quickly to changes Ability to prioritize tasks, manage multiple projects and collaborate effectively Excellent verbal and written communication skills Website, online portfolio, or links to at least 5 samples of Web page design. 
ScrapedJobID249:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls 
ScrapedJobID250:
Create responsive web applications using Angular and React Produce HTML/CSS/JavaScript code from design documentation Research and recommend functional libraries to expedite development Recommend the development of an inhouse or Open Source UI Components library Build intuitive DevOps piplines for Single Page Application (SPA) deployments into one of the main cloud providers Automate processes within the DevOps pipeline; identify opportunities for efficiency gains and reducing time-to-market, and enabling continuous delivery Ensure high code quality through automated unit and functional testing Strong attention to detail and understanding of UX and visual design concepts to provide leadership perspective on front and backend technologies and their overall impact on the creative process Scope out project deliverables and formulate a plan for development Work within an Agile product team comprised of technical, product and business team members to deliver exceptional products. 3+ years of experience working on Frontend development Must have hands on experience with Angular development 3+ years of working knowledge with:
HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, TypeScript
React, Angular, Git, Jenkins and CI/CD server HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, TypeScript React, Angular, Git, Jenkins and CI/CD server Silverlight is nice to have Strong communication and organizational skills with an ability to thrive in a fast-paced production deadline-driven environment both internal and client facing Bachelor’s degree (Master’s a plus) in Computer Science or equivalent experience 2 - 4 years of experience with:
Responsive Design methodologies and techniques
CSS Preprocessors (LESS or SASS) Responsive Design methodologies and techniques CSS Preprocessors (LESS or SASS) 3+ years of working knowledge with:
NodeJS
Zeplin, Sketch, Adobe XD NodeJS Zeplin, Sketch, Adobe XD Experience using Agile methodologies for developing applications Experience in creating project estimates, defining scope requirements, and structuring projects Ability to solve complex development problems and produce the highest quality code while striving to push the technical boundaries of online applications Ability to work quickly while maintaining strong attention to detail and accuracy while adhering to W3C and accessibility guidelines You’re excited by the prospect of learning a new technologies as needed. You’ve used or are interested in learning about backend development with Java and Spring Cloud certifications with any major cloud provider: Google, AWS or AZURE for Cloud Platform and Infrastructure 
ScrapedJobID251:
3+ years of relevant professional experience in business or technology as a Java developer. Lead and coordinate development activities and be the anchor of technical expertise with internal and onsite technical teams. Java developer responsibilities include designing and developing web applications to deliver high-performance and responsive web applications. Contribute to all phases of the development lifecycle. Write well designed, testable, efficient code. Ensure designs are in compliance with specifications. Prepare and produce releases of software components. Work and communicate effectively in a team environment. Work with our global technology partner to deliver solutions to our clients. Bachelor’s or master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related discipline from an accredited institution A passion and ability to learn new technologies. and exceptional communication and collaboration skills Proficient in Java and Object-Oriented design patterns Knowledgeable with Relational and No-SQL Databases such as, MongoDB, MySql, etc. 3+ years’ experience with the following: Strong experience in Service/System Integrations for developing RESTful web services or APIs & implementing and utilizing third party Web services. Java frameworks such as Spring/Spring Boot and JSF Strong Web UI development skills - HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React/Vue TDD Development, such as JUnit testing practices Monolithic and microservice infrastructures concepts, standards, and deficiencies Agile Development Processes and Tools (Jira, Confluence, Scrum, etc.) Experience with Source Control tools, such as Git, automated build setup, and deployment procedures Experience with Java Portal Specifications (JSR168/JSR 286) and Liferay Portal development(Liferay 6.1 / 6.2 / DXP) or similar Enterprise Java Portals like IBM Websphere etc. Experience in SSO authentication standards such as OAuth, SAML, OpenID Experience with OSGI framework Experience with MVC design pattern Experience with Hibernate/Spring frameworks Experience with code management tools, automated build setup, and deployment procedures (CI/CD using Jenkins/Git) Experience with Kubernetes development Experience with Elasticsearch/Kibana Experience with EHCache and Jgroups based Clustering. Experience with server administration and configurations (e.g webserver configurations like NGINX/Apache configuration and tweaking) Ability to translate business requirements into technical requirements. Experience delivering technical design & architecture documentation. Experience in performance tuning and profiling a Java runtime. 
ScrapedJobID252:

ScrapedJobID253:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Group Insurance Benefits Other Benefits 
ScrapedJobID254:
Design, implement, and deliver high-performing websites for the WKT brands that align to our brand standards. Take wireframes or designs and translate them into high-quality user interfaces. Work closely with a variety of stakeholders to understand the problems we’re trying to solve for our customers. Modernize our platforms and add exciting new features for our customers. Effectively pitch and communicate design frameworks to team members and senior leadership. Ensure that high-quality code is delivered on time and on spec. Take ownership of front-end code and standards. Post-secondary education in information technology, computer science, computing engineering, or related field. 5+ years of work experience as a front-end developer. Adept understanding of JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3. Proficiency developing well-structured web applications using React/Redux or other modern JavaScript tools, Jest, and Enzyme. Strong communication skills, and ability to explain technical concepts to a range of individuals (from developers to clients). Strong interpersonal skills to build effective relationships with leaders and managers across multifunctional teams. Understanding of the Ruby-on-Rails framework is an asset. Understanding of asynchronous request handling and promise-based programming. Understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them. Ability to thrive in an agile team environment, delivering value and challenging outdated practices. Passion for crafting exceptional user experiences. Potential for meaningful career growth 100% company-funded medical and dental benefit premiums Friendly, fun, and collaborative company culture Flexible paid time off program Life insurance Disability insurance Mental Health Benefits Program Employer matched RRSP contributions Casual dress environment 
ScrapedJobID255:
Design and implement WordPress websites using specific themes and design elements Migrate standard websites onto the WordPress platform Communicate with clients and business partners about process and procedures Using design tools, perform tasks related to graphic design Maintain websites using the WordPress CMS Update and edit current client WordPress websites Communicate with clients and business partners on various projects Produce layouts in HTML incorporating web markup standards Design graphics and website visual and textual content Slice and optimize web images Ability to learn software quickly Impeccable attention to detail and ability to follow instructions Complete projects as a team, as well as individually Work with tight deadlines on multiple projects at once Report progress and provide project updates Experience with WordPress websites and Themes 3+ year professional experience Strong attention to detail, a perfectionist Self-motivated Comfortable working on multiple projects, with the ability to prioritize various tasks as needed Great communication and writing skills in English UI/UX experience Complex Custom Web Design E-commerce website experience Must have extensive experience with WordPress Graphic Design ability HTML 4+ and CSS 2+ experience Adobe Photoshop, InDesign, Photoshop, and Premiere Pro Have a keen eye for designs and website layouts 
ScrapedJobID256:
Help develop and maintain UI interactions and layouts for UX intensive, enterprise Web applications in a .NET environment (webforms / MVC) that use a CMS or in 3rd party platforms where sites or web applications may be hosted Collaborate and work in an agile environment with the design team to deliver the best possible user experience and to update the designs for the webforms templates to MVC templates. Write high-quality, testable, and re-usable code following industry best practices such as code reviews, unit testing when applicable, etc. Help create responsive web pages using cross-browser compliant HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript / jQuery; write client-side unit tests using Jasmine / Jest. Implement modern web UIs to bring responsive, engaging, and intuitive webpages to life and develop interactive experiences in microsites that function in cross-browser, cross-device environments Participate in the software development life cycle from task estimation, prototyping, software implementation, testing and maintenance. Employ source control in Git, using branching & merging/rebasing and pull requests. Troubleshoot production issues with team members to identify and address problems; help identify risks to the organization’s web systems and advise on mitigation;configure applications to ensure they are meeting business needs. Work with the development team to provide ongoing creation, maintenance and support for any mobile apps, web apps and web systems to ensure data quality, security and standards are being met so they are stable, secure, and compliant Run occasional AODA audits on all CRC sites/portals as requested to identify accessibility issues to correct; be the source of knowledge on AODA/WCAG for the CRC enterprise, responding to questions and requests from the other channels / hubs / departments Help write concise technical documentation for new and enhanced front-end UI/UX features and solutions. The minimum qualification for this job is a post-secondary degree or diploma in website design & development 4+ years of experience in responsive web development using HTML / HTML5, CSS / CSS3 including Media Queries and JavaScript / jQuery, CSS frameworks such as Bootstrap or Foundation CSS generators (LESS / SASS),client-side unit testing with Jasmine / Jest Design skills such as active HTML prototyping, wireframe mock-ups and working with PSDs (photoshop) and style guides Experience auditing and implementing AODA compliance (WCAG 2.1 AA standard) for websites, microsites and 3rd party hosted web applications Strong communication skills – ability to explain technical UI / UX and accessibility concepts to designers, support, and UX developers Experience working in an Agile development environment (stand-ups, sprints and other sprint ceremonies) using processes such as Scrum or Kanban and tools like Jira Knowledge and experience using a source control system such as Git. Strong debugging skills combined with an understanding of performance, scaling and latency for a web UI Experience working with a .Net CMS such as Kentico, Sitecore, Sitefinity, etc. Experience with an HTML templating language like handlebars or liquid Working knowledge of a modern JavaScript framework such as Angular / ReactJS. Familiarity with ES6, AJAX and GA / GTM;experience converting PSD assets to HTML At this time, much of the work is performed “Work from Home”, however there is a possibility of moving back into an office environment. Occasional requirement to work overtime hours, often with short notice. Domestic travel may be required. This position requires a successful Canadian criminal record check. The Canadian Red Cross is an equal opportunity employer. 
ScrapedJobID257:
Cutting up designs and building out the front-end to integrate with Drupal (our CMS of choice) Building reusable components for designs systems Building front-ends for headless systems, using React or other JS frontends. Working with clients and internal team members to deliver top notch projects HTML, CSS, JS, GIT, and other tech a plus Ability to work with responsive designs for use across multiple devices Ability to double check your work React experience an asset Nice to have
PHP
Twig
Node PHP Twig Node 2+ years designing and hand-coding websites Experience with Drupal 8 theme development MUST have samples showing off your work Nice to have
Experience with continuous integration and build scripts like gulp or grunt Experience with continuous integration and build scripts like gulp or grunt Flex start times & Earned days off: Do you prefer to start at 8:00? or 9:00? We'll work with you. Want every second Friday off? Well we've got a program for that too! Paid Overtime for all roles...including salary positions: What? What?! Yep you heard right. We pay for all approved OT...not that we want everyone working so hard, but with the natural ebb and flow of our industry sometimes it's needed to blast out the OT in order to keep our heads above water. We find this little pay cheque nugget is a nice reward for the over timerz. Slappies: Tougher to explain but once a month we get together and have a little ceremony, some food, a few brews - no altars or corporate chants involved. Fun day: We aim to have fun every day; however, every year for a day we cram a bunch of fun on ourselves. Weee! SPARC Events: Sometimes we have an in-house breakfast, team building events, (less corny than it sounds), competitions, or just a plain little reward for no reason. It's a little spark in our usually normal days. Warning, we make you wear costumes. Often. Culture: We're a certain type of people. We're all a little different and unique in our own way but we seem to work well together. No one’s perfect and we embrace that. We take our work seriously, but we don't take ourselves too seriously. Check out our site to get to know us! Remote work available! 
ScrapedJobID258:
Helping to execute plans for the Climate Solvers Community, especially to deliver on the technical priorities associated with the Database through building on the app’s current code & also creating new features as we grow, while advising the executive team on the overall vision/direction of the project. Developing further the OATHE’s own website (www.oneactatatime.org), especially in helping to migrate it to Wordpress, with a strong possibility of working on a landing page for the Database project as well. Writing automated unit and/or integration tests, mostly using Selenium WebDriver (on Java), especially to check the integrity of the app after key updates or the addition of new features. Performing security testing to ensure application is compliant with modern web security standards. Coordinating efforts with third-party solution providers to ensure projects are properly scoped out while staying updated with emerging technologies and trends of relevance. Using programming best practices to create and implement custom code, in particular, to complete tasks like creating visual dashboards that summarize app activity, developing testing frameworks to ensure the app is free from bugs, and integrating the Database with third-party software/API’s as relevant. Working with the brother OATHE team to explore the feasibility of a mobile application in the future while developing the current application’s UX/UI responsiveness on a mobile device. Helping our team with a wide variety of other tasks, including in the analysis of our metrics, the creation of standard development protocols and other business development functions. Gain an understanding of life in a non-profit start-up, and be a part of its early growth Learn to work well in a fast-paced environment involving a wide variety of tasks. Learn about challenges involved in implementing environmental technologies at a global scale Create code for social good, directly related to web, application and content development. Understand the importance of community outreach, at individual & organizational levels Have opportunities to implement information technology (IT) theory into action! Pursuing or completed degree(s) or diploma(s) in computer science, information technology, systems & network software engineering, IT/ technology management or similar. Prior web development experience (ideal 2-3 years), and familiar with the coding languages noted above. You may be tested on your technical competencies during the interview. Excellent organizational, time management and problem-solving skills. Bilingualism, previous NGO experience & familiarity with remote work are also assets. But above all, what we’re looking for is someone who understands, embraces & is keen to share the OATHE ethos of helping the earth one act at a time! We want folks who are passionate about the environment, desire to make a difference for our planet, and believe in the power of individual actions together to make massive, collective, global impact. The applicant must be legally entitled to work in Canada & specifically Nova Scotia. The applicant must meet all eligibility criteria of the Science Horizons grant: https://cleanfoundation.ca/science-horizons/ Can you share a link to a tech project or a Github? Would love to see your past development work! Relevant to our current platform, what is your specific experience coding with PHP & using the Laravel framework? Why are you interested in working with OATHE & specifically the Climate Solvers Community platform? Yes 
ScrapedJobID259:
Are you interested in building products used by more than a billion people? Do you like shipping code at a rapid pace? Facebook is seeking an experienced Front End Engineer that is passionate about building mobile and desktop web applications. This position is full-time. 
ScrapedJobID260:
Minimum 5 years design and development related experience. Experienced in front-end development and UI/UX design HTML, JavaScript/CSS/JQuery Experience in front-end development using React, D3. Bootstrap Sound experience of geospatial data and mapping applications Proficient in Python programming language Experience in SQL Spatial, Postgres PostGIS ArcGIS QGIS Amazon AWS Years of experience in required tools Web application (URLs) you worked on. Linkedin or/and Freelance work profile 
ScrapedJobID261:
Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Computer Repetitive tasks Spreadsheet MS Windows Web service design Excellent written communication Client focus 
ScrapedJobID262:
Review and understand functional requirements to be able to conceive and present application designs and prototypes. Document and publish technical requirements, design and functional specifications for use by internal teams. Evaluate existing functionality and propose and implement improvements and extensions as required by the overall architecture of the product. Participate in the evaluation and resolution of defect ticket reports for new as well as legacy components Contribute to the team’s software development lifecycle improvement initiatives by utilizing standard practices as well proposing areas of improvement – design, planning, implementation, testing, and documentation. 5+ years of web development experience with Angular and/or AngularJS Experience with migrating applications from AngularJS to Angular Experience with NPM, grunt, webpack JS module bundler Experience with JavaScript testing frameworks, such as Jasmine, Protractor, etc. Experience developing and using REST APIs Must have development experience with a focus on unit testing Must be an expert in HTML, CSS, JavaScript/TypeScript OO Development, JSON Experience with Java application servers - Tomcat/JBoss/Wildfly Experience with Java Web Application framework (Struts, Spring, JSF, etc.) Strong analytical and problem-solving skills 3+ years of software development experience with Java and JSP/Servlet technologies. Strong grasp of object-oriented design and implementation Experience with XML, Hibernate Proficient on both Windows and Linux Prior experience with Agile methodology is a plus 
ScrapedJobID263:
Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Python React Native React.js Cellular phone Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Sitting Standing for extended periods Tight deadlines Spreadsheet MS Windows Internet Database software Device drivers Networking software Networking security Extranet Intranet Servers File management software Security software Web service design Software development Data analysis software Website creation and management software Desktop applications Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent written communication Dependability Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID264:
Work on various creative and digital projects throughout the entire lifecycle from concept to delivery Development and coding in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery and PHP (as required) Develop in the context of user experience Responsible for high level concepts & creative direction Work in collaboration with project managers, account managers as well as creative and marketing teams Keep up to date on industry trends and design best practices Learn to design for specific software and platforms (ie WordPress, Shopify) Work with clients to deliver high-quality projects according to their requirements Proven Wordpress web development experience. Mobile-first development skills. Demonstrable knowledge of web technologies including HTML, CSS, Javascript Knowledge and experience in developing with Bootstrap Problem solving capabilities Experience with popular CMS such as WordPress, Shopify etc. Passion for best design and coding practices and a desire to develop new bold ideas Experience with Figma a plus 
ScrapedJobID265:
Work directly with the CTO, as well as other departments to gather business requirements to transform into spec. Be given an opportunity to build applications from the ground up. Be directly involved in application architecture and application standards decision making. Ability to architect features and turn spec into basic documentation. Understanding of TDD and/or BDD Comfortable working within a full-stack that includes: Postgres, Ruby on Rails (3/4), CSS/HTML Good understanding of REST/JSON principles, such as services, consumers, and TLS. Fundamental understanding of Ruby, Rails, JavaScript, CSS & HTML Proven ability to work independently, but you also love to interact with a team. Full understanding of git and version control Proven knowledge of modularity, dry code, and OO Knowledge with data structure design, relationships, and polymorphism Experience with Heroku and/or AWS Experience in a Scrum/Agile environment Understanding of Business Intelligence tools such as Pentaho, Jaspersoft, etc. Solid understanding of CAS (SSO), SAML, OAuth and OpenID. Experience with other programming languages such as Node.js, Python, Erlang, etc. Casual dress Paid time off Profit sharing Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID266:
Collaborate with design, development and marketing teams to create a cohesive solutions for our clients Translate the vision of a designer into functional web features. Develop, test and support & maintain web sites and web/mobile applications, usually with Drupal Enjoy learning from the team, and sharing your knowledge with them, including giving and receiving feedback in code reviews. Participate in meetings with our clients to brainstorm highly technical (and occasionally low-tech) solutions to their problems. Identify opportunities to improve our client’s web properties to best serve their missions. Strive to meet deadlines (and flag ahead of time if they’ll be missed) Required Skills Some previous experience. Any of these count: education, training, work experience (free-lance or in an organization), a co-op position or volunteer experience. Confident with PHP, and any of CSS/LESS/SASS Experience working with someone else’s code (ie: an existing PHP Framework, a legacy project, etc.) Familiar with Javascript, AJAX, MySql and object-oriented programming Ability to switch quickly between working independently and part of a larger team as needed. Role skills & qualifications (helpful but not required) Experience with Drupal Experience with Wordpress, Shopify and/or Squarespace Experience with Pantheon and/or Acquia hosting environments Experience with Git or other version control system Experience working with charities, nonprofits or social enterprises You will report to our VP Josh Dow You will work alongside a creative team that brings design thinking and enthusiasm to all that we do and believes in the values behind our manifesto and our promise as a B Corp. Salary Range:
 
Entry Level Role: $39,700-$53,700
 Junior Level Role: $42,950-$58,000 Premium Free Benefits, including dental, vision, prescriptions, massage, mental health services and all that good stuff. Bonus: we include your spouse and kids too!) Flex time & remote friendly work Fun days & Team Building 3-week minimum annual vacation Paid time off for volunteer work & 10 paid sick/personal days A family- and pet-friendly culture 
ScrapedJobID267:
html css javascript jquery PHP mysql cakePHP cpanel + whm apache Linux 
ScrapedJobID268:
Must be 30 yrs old or less Be a post-secondary graduate Be working in a technology related position or supporting digital work Not be in receipt of EI during the course of the work placement Be legally entitled to work in Canada as a Canadian citizen, permanent resident Reside, physically work in B.C., or have plans to return to BC Self-assess as underemployed, meaning they are employed below their level of education and/or hold part-time employment, or are unemployed Not have completed a DS4Y work placement in their lifetime Cannot be a university or college co-op student or intern Work from home Day shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID269:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Research and evaluate a variety of software products Program special effects software for film and video applications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required 
ScrapedJobID270:
Build and translate application storyboards and use cases into functional applications Design, build and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable code Integrate data storage solutions Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to mitigate and address these issues Help maintain code quality, organization, and automatization Work directly with our clients to propose and deliver software solutions Knowledge of .NET web framework Proficient in C#, asp.net, and Razor with a good knowledge of their ecosystems Strong understanding of object-oriented programming Skill for writing reusable libraries Familiar with various design and architectural patterns Knowledge of concurrency patterns Familiarity with Microsoft SQL Server Experience with popular web application frameworks Familiarity with Windows Presentation Framework A knack for writing clean, readable, and easily maintainable code Understanding of fundamental design principles for building a scalable application Experience creating database schemas that represent and support business processes Basic understanding of Common Language Runtime (CLR), its limitations, weaknesses, and workarounds Experience implementing automated testing platforms and unit tests Proficient understanding of code versioning tools. Git is preferred, but SVN and Mercurial are acceptable. Experience writing code in a professional capacity or a 4 Year degree in computer science, mathematics, or an equivalent in education and experience 
ScrapedJobID271:
Build greenfield financial applications alongside your Adaptive colleagues Use the latest technology to create elegant and robust solutions Contribute to building and releasing quality software on time Use your knowledge to build great-looking, event-driven and highly interactive interfaces Collaborate with server-side developers, user-experience designers and business analysts Participate in a test-driven, agile environment Keep up to date with the developments in technology and quickly adapt to them to achieve better results Extensive client-side development experience, gained while building single-page web applications Expertise in JavaScript: you understand prototypical inheritance, scope, and closures Proficiency in user-interface technologies in addition to JavaScript, eg HTML5 and CSS3; and in React.js Practical knowledge of web tooling such as Webpack, NPM, Yarn, Gulp and PostCSS Understanding of ES6 and newer ES specifications Proficient with Chrome developer tools, including knowing how to diagnose and fix performance issues Experience of working on front office systems Language: English (fluent) Working with distributed teams TypeScript, Rx.js, Redux Event-driven APIs Real time trading experience Strong desire to raise the bar for your team technically Tenacious, curious, and collaborative in all aspects of your work A quick learner with excellent communication skills No politics No cumbersome hierarchy: our teams feel free to speak up, to make suggestions and raise concerns Collaborative team environment: we all work together, respect each other and pitch in Smart, welcoming and motivated colleagues Good work/life balance and Friday beers 
ScrapedJobID272:
Design, code, and test major features in collaboration with your fellow Developers and technical team to deliver complex changes to our infrastructure Define, design, and implement, multi-tiered object-oriented distributed software applications Maintain and modify existing applications Perform custom programming as assigned by the VP of Engineering Fix defects and add features to software Debug and test software implementation Provide design documents and documentation to ensure efficient maintenance and code reuse Participate in the design and implementation of databases Ensure the functionality, performance, scalability, reliability, realistic implementation schedules and system architecture for each assignment Interact with key partners and internal users regarding timelines, technical issues, and infrastructure integration Implement software modules, on the embedded platform and analysis workstation Ensure work progress to schedule and keep (internal) customers informed of the project's progress Stay current with trends, techniques, technology and other factors impacting the FinTech industry Actively participate in team meetings and offer recommendations /ideas on design projects You are in pursuit of a post-secondary degree or diploma in Computer Science or a related field If you’ve got previous work experience using Clojure, TypeScript and/or Rust you’re a rockstar Work with web applications is a big bonus - and if you have experience in server side applications, that’s even better Work experience in ecommerce is preferred but not required You’re able to effectively communicate technical concepts to other technical staff members You also have the ability to effectively communicate with non-technical members of the organization (we don’t all have an understanding of the technical jargon!) You have demonstrated aptitude for learning new technologies in previous roles, and can provide examples You have excellent teamwork and team building skills and are comfortable with ambiguity You can work well under pressure and meet set deadlines under the direction of a Project Manager You are capable of managing your time effectively, multitasking, and have the ability to prioritize tasks with minimal supervision in a remote work environment You have a high level of critical and logical thinking, analysis, and/or reasoning to identify underlying principles, reasons, or facts 
ScrapedJobID273:
Concevoir des éléments graphiques, sonores ou visuels reliés au web et assurer le développement des contenus multimédia du site des jeux en ligne.Elle assure la qualité visuelle du site dans le but de préserver l'image et la crédibilité de l'entreprise face à la clientèle. Concevoir des contenus multimédias : éléments graphiques, sonores ou visuels reliés au web ou à des productions numériques Préparer le matériel pour les intégrateurs dans la réalisation de contenus web Assurer la cohérence et le contrôle de la qualité des normes graphiques des sites web Conseiller la clientèle en matière de multimédia et recommander des scénarios créatifs et pertinents Assurer la livraison dans les délais requis Expérience antérieure semblable 
ScrapedJobID274:
Plans, designs, develops, deploys, tests, maintains, updates and supports custom solutions which involves website architecture, dynamic programming, database development, server configuration, service and application administration, and application integration Assist to support of packaged application integration into solutions, data conversion planning and testing, and a key contact for vendor technical support of applications belonging to or assigned to the web services portfolio Analyze business requirements and communicate regularly with departments to effectively design and deploy technology and custom solutions to solve business problems Provides 2nd level support to service desk and end users as required with respect to the department’s web and dynamic services (includes but not limited to intranet sites, extranet sites, internet sites, database, and dynamic/data driven applications) Good understanding of the software development lifecycle and must be able to communicate project status, issues, and resolutions effectively Some knowledge and development experience in:
SharePoint / Microsoft 365 Developer Patterns and Practices
Familiar with SQL RDBMS Concepts, like with MS SQL Server
SQL, ASP.NET, Web Parts, C#, PowerShell
Familiar with latest Web Design Patterns, such as Responsive
Familiar with latest HTML5 and CSS3 Design Patterns, such as Sass
Client-Side Scripting: JavaScript REST, jQuery, JSON, Node.js, and React
Understand Authentication and Identity models used by Microsoft
Developing solutions that integrate with Enterprise Technologies SharePoint / Microsoft 365 Developer Patterns and Practices Familiar with SQL RDBMS Concepts, like with MS SQL Server SQL, ASP.NET, Web Parts, C#, PowerShell Familiar with latest Web Design Patterns, such as Responsive Familiar with latest HTML5 and CSS3 Design Patterns, such as Sass Client-Side Scripting: JavaScript REST, jQuery, JSON, Node.js, and React Understand Authentication and Identity models used by Microsoft Developing solutions that integrate with Enterprise Technologies Experience with delivery of websites involving team & project collaboration, corporate communication, and business process portals including financial reporting May have some experience writing design specifications and data models for Web and dynamic applications This is a customer facing role and requires a resourceful individual that is confident under pressure, and has demonstrated skill in crisis management and expectation management Strong teamwork and cross-group skills are essential Organizational skills to effectively prioritize tasks Troubleshooting skills to contend with technical difficulties, and analytical skills to assist in the resolution of complicated application integration challenges Verbal communication and interpersonal skills required with the ability to write in a clear and concise manner 
ScrapedJobID275:
Work directly with the CTO, as well as other departments to gather business requirements to transform into spec. Be given an opportunity to build applications from the ground up. Be directly involved in application architecture and application standards decision making. Ability to architect features and turn spec into basic documentation. Understanding of TDD and/or BDD Comfortable working within a full-stack that includes: Postgres, Ruby on Rails (3/4), CSS/HTML Good understanding of REST/JSON principles, such as services, consumers, and TLS. Fundamental understanding of Ruby, Rails, JavaScript, CSS & HTML Proven ability to work independently, but you also love to interact with a team. Full understanding of git and version control Proven knowledge of modularity, dry code, and OO Knowledge with data structure design, relationships, and polymorphism Experience with Heroku and/or AWS Experience in a Scrum/Agile environment Understanding of Business Intelligence tools such as Pentaho, Jaspersoft, etc. Solid understanding of CAS (SSO), SAML, OAuth and OpenID. Experience with other programming languages such as Node.js, Python, Erlang, etc. Casual dress Paid time off Profit sharing Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID276:
Write, design, or edit pages and content Create responsive website designs Meet with clients to discuss projects Create aesthetically pleasing web pages Create graphics for websites and marketing purposes Have creativity and imagination Have an in-depth knowledge of web design techniques Have an in-depth knowledge of graphic design techniques Adapt and quickly pick up new techniques HTML5/CSS3 JavaScript PHP WordPress Adobe Creative Suite 
ScrapedJobID277:
End-to-end development of software systems from architecture and design through development to deployments and maintenance. Provides input to the technology leadership, project management and account teams to define deliverables and timelines. Experiment with and evaluate new technologies 3-5 years developing website and web applications Extensive experience with modern HTML, JavaScript, and CSS Hands-on experience of modern JavaScript technologies Applied knowledge of web and mobile development best practices Understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues Understanding of programming fundamentals and development process and strategies (ie: software development models, database systems, TDD, unit tests, domain driven design, etc.) Excellent verbal and written communication skillsTeam orientation and sparkling interpersonal skills Postsecondary education in Computer Science, Engineering, the Sciences or Mathematics. Experience with continuous deployment tools We expect all of our developers to be exceptionally proficient at coding. As a self-check, you should be able to do the following questions in your sleep using your favourite programming language. Reverse a simple words-only sentence ("bob likes dogs" -> "dogs likes bob") Write jQuery code to log the value of a select element every time it changes 
ScrapedJobID278:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience 3-5 years experience in web technologies such as JavaScript, Typescript, React/Angular, HTML5, and CSS3 3-5 years experience in designing responsive web interfaces with cross-browser compatibility Ability to work effectively in a team environment Ability to communicate technical concepts clearly and effectively Ability to manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables Knowledge of Adobe Photoshop and/or other design tools Knowledge of the whole web stack, including protocols and web server optimization techniques 
ScrapedJobID279:
Work with talented team members on full line of products in the field of UTM Support upper management with high quality deliverables in a timely manner Take part in various software projects with focus on front end developments Help shape the design and development processes of next generation GUIs Software development in Unix/Linux, or mobile environment Experience with C/C++, script programming, such as JavaScript, Python, Perl Understanding of TCP/IP networking and various networking protocols Proven experience and strong knowledge of web application technologies such as CSS, HTML5, ES6, React, Angular Extensive knowledge of user interface design principles and best practices Solid understanding of relational & non-relational database management systems Experience or knowledge of SaaS, cloud computing infrastructure and implementation is a plus Experience with virtualization platforms, such as AWS, KVM, VMWare, is a plus Experience with mobile application development on Android / iOS is a plus Excellent problem solving and trouble shooting skills High motivation to succeed 
ScrapedJobID280:

ScrapedJobID281:
Writing Javascript/ES6 applications Writing applications with one or more major JS frameworks, specifically React. Vue or Angular is a big plus. Working with and consuming from RESTful APIs ES2015+ (and transpilers) Design patterns CSS preprocessors Automation, Python/backend framework (Django) experience, Unit testing, Familiarity with SVG, Familiarity with web components, Familiarity with node.js, Experience with browser developer tools, Open source contributions. give you the newest MacBook Pro with accessories. care about your professional development (training). opportunities for domestic and international travel. mobile reimbursement. public transportation reimbursement. comprehensive health benefits. competitive salary and bonuses. Working closely with internal team members and client stakeholders to deliver high-quality software products, features, and/or updates. Helping to define features and implementation specifications based on business requirements. Developing high-quality frontend components for backend systems and APIs. Deploying software to cloud infrastructure and supporting DevOps. Fixing bugs, adding automated tests and improving usability. visit our website and our career page a short cover letter (paragraph) describing why this seems like a good fit to you a link to your GitHub profile (if any) your LinkedIn profile (if any) 
ScrapedJobID282:
Create responsive user experiences by building interfaces that are simple and easy to comprehend, using modern tools like React. You will work closely with the Product Manager, the UI/ UX Designer and Engineering team to ensure alignment with the product roadmap. Help shape Interaptix's technical roadmap At least two (2) years of software engineering experience Experience with HTTP/REST and web technologies like webRTC Experience creating automated test suites and ensuring quality in your code. Experience working with and instrumenting web metrics, monitoring and analytics systems Deep knowledge of data structures and algorithms and an ability to use them practically when implementing solutions A proven teammate and owner- willing to take on ownership of the systems, and think about operations, maintenance and reliability of his/her systems You've worked on front-end teams that utilized 3d rendering components such as ThreeJS Experience with computer graphics pipeline. Be part of a high performing team of solving real-world problems with AR & VR Access leadership and growth opportunities as the company and spatial computing industry scale. A high degree of autonomy and accountability A team of risk-takers, innovators and builders who own it, and build awesome products 
ScrapedJobID283:
Provide UX/UI mock-ups and analysis (wireframes) to web developers during site improvement projects; Create and send out retail and consumer newsletters; Develop graphic concepts adapted to various platforms and digital advertising campaigns; Adapt and integrate landing pages using CMS such as WordPress, HubSpot and others; Support the Web Marketing team with HubSpot, WordPress, FlippingBook, SurveyMonkey; Support new product launches; Perform performance and content monitoring on the various Kimpex sites. Bachelor's degree in graphic design or any combination of design and digital marketing (web, media) focused education; 3 to 5 years of experience; Proficiency in HTML (HTML5), CSS (CSS3) and Javascript (jQuery); Experience in e-commerce design, mobile and responsive design; Knowledge of Adobe suite (XD, Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Acrobate, Dreamweaver), Hubspot, PHP and WordPress; Asset: Bilingual; Fluent in French and English, both spoken and written. Permanent full-time position You'll be joining a team that's committed to solving day-to-day issues, but always in a pleasant work environment! The best of both worlds: the resources of a large company and a family-like atmosphere A team that is passionate, attentive and committed to excellence A dynamic and stimulating work environment Flexible schedules that allow you to balance your work and your personal life Group insurance (different plans adapted to your needs) Registered Retirement Savings Plan with employer contributions Employee and Family Assistance Program Social activities 
ScrapedJobID284:
Bonus pay Dental care On-site parking Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift graphic design: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID285:
Work with the Lead Developer, Designers, Project Managers, Backend Developers, and other stakeholders on developing web3 products, platforms, and tools. Implement User Interfaces and User Experiences that bridge blockchain interactions and engagement. Integrate backends, web2 & web3 stacks, and 3rd party APIs. Perform QA for yourself and peer-reviews, testing for accessibility, aesthetics, usability, API integrations, security, and cross-browser compatibility. Javascript Electron TypeScript Node.js React web3 Ethers Git Clear communication, positive energy, continuous learning, and efficient execution 3+ years of experience with React 1+ years of experience integrating wallets (e.g. MetaMask, WalletConnect), cryptocurrencies, blockchains, NFTs A strong intuition to learn further web3 concepts Collaborative energy and ability to work well in teams Strong work ethic and passion Strongly preferred: A portfolio, graphic design experience (e.g. Figma, the GIMP, Photoshop), experience using sockets/WebSockets. Bonus: Experience with other front-end frameworks (e.g. Vue, Angular), queuing (e.g. RabbitMQ, AWS SQS), containers (e.g. Docker), Electron, Jenkins, cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud), and previous experience with a web3 team. Highly skilled in learning on the job and continuously learning Excellent interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills. Mature, professional, driven, empathetic. Experience in blockchain or crypto industry Joining a great growth-centric, exciting team culture A chance to make a difference in a growing company Exciting projects and an opportunity to shape our future Competitive compensation and benefits package Flexibility A focus and support on professional development - we value ongoing learning 
ScrapedJobID286:
Collaborate with design, development and marketing teams to create a cohesive solutions for our clients Translate the vision of a designer into functional web features. Develop, test and support & maintain web sites and web/mobile applications, usually with Drupal Enjoy learning from the team, and sharing your knowledge with them, including giving and receiving feedback in code reviews. Participate in meetings with our clients to brainstorm highly technical (and occasionally low-tech) solutions to their problems. Identify opportunities to improve our client’s web properties to best serve their missions. Strive to meet deadlines (and flag ahead of time if they’ll be missed) Required Skills Some previous experience. Any of these count: education, training, work experience (free-lance or in an organization), a co-op position or volunteer experience. Confident with PHP, and any of CSS/LESS/SASS Experience working with someone else’s code (ie: an existing PHP Framework, a legacy project, etc.) Familiar with Javascript, AJAX, MySql and object-oriented programming Ability to switch quickly between working independently and part of a larger team as needed. Role skills & qualifications (helpful but not required) Experience with Drupal Experience with Wordpress, Shopify and/or Squarespace Experience with Pantheon and/or Acquia hosting environments Experience with Git or other version control system Experience working with charities, nonprofits or social enterprises You will report to our VP Josh Dow You will work alongside a creative team that brings design thinking and enthusiasm to all that we do and believes in the values behind our manifesto and our promise as a B Corp. Salary Range:
 
Entry Level Role: $39,700-$53,700
 Junior Level Role: $42,950-$58,000 Premium Free Benefits, including dental, vision, prescriptions, massage, mental health services and all that good stuff. Bonus: we include your spouse and kids too!) Flex time & remote friendly work Fun days & Team Building 3-week minimum annual vacation Paid time off for volunteer work & 10 paid sick/personal days A family- and pet-friendly culture 
ScrapedJobID287:
Developing features or product using: JavaScript, Python/Flask, PostgreSQL, React.js, AWS, Linux, Docker, Git, Cloud Services and any other new technologies. Building JavaScript applications capable of tracking and responding to billions of requests per month. Developing APIs and integrating with 3rd party APIs to automate manual tasks. Implementing UI facilitating third-party reporting and streamlining ad operations. Integration of services to maximize ad revenues and maintain strong user experience. Planning and prototyping new applications. Defect resolution of existing and new issues. Unit testing new features to ensure they conform to MonetizeMore’s quality standards and meet requirements. Code reviews. Running performance benchmarking tests. Staying up to date with new trends and advancements in web development and ad tech. Attending daily stand-up meetings (15 mins) and other Scrum meetings (Every 3 weeks). Collaboration: Working remotely on complex projects necessitates that you work together with your team and share knowledge. Communication Skills: You are comfortable communicating in English at all levels, have strong spoken and written communication skills and are an active listener. Teamwork: You value team synergy and are excited about helping your team succeed. Interpersonal Skills: You are able to get along, work well and coordinate with others. Conflict Management: As a team, we are proactive in dealing with conflict. You are able to find constructive ways of resolving issues with other team members. Technology: A MonetizeMore developer is proficient in all stages of web development, from conception to deployment. You are a one-person army, ready and willing to attack any technical challenge that crosses your path Analytical and Problem Solving Skills: You work hard to understand technical issues and to resolve them in an effective manner. Detail Orientation: You work on many parts of an application or system at the same time and are able to focus on each detail meticulously. Initiative: You work well in a team, with little supervision, making well-reasoned and effective technical decisions. Reliability and Responsibility: You demonstrate reliability at all times. You give reasonable expectations within Agile Scrum framework and work hard and smart to achieve and surpass those expectations. You communicate what you are going to do, then meet that commitment. Thought Leadership: You analyze MonetizeMore’s tech stack, systems and processes with the goal to iterate on a regular basis. You look for opportunities to improve to increase value to MonetizeMore and suggest them to the team. 
ScrapedJobID288:

ScrapedJobID289:
Help develop and maintain UI interactions and layouts for UX intensive, enterprise Web applications in a .NET environment (webforms / MVC) that use a CMS or in 3rd party platforms where sites or web applications may be hosted Collaborate and work in an agile environment with the design team to deliver the best possible user experience and to update the designs for the webforms templates to MVC templates. Write high-quality, testable, and re-usable code following industry best practices such as code reviews, unit testing when applicable, etc. Help create responsive web pages using cross-browser compliant HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript / jQuery; write client-side unit tests using Jasmine / Jest. Implement modern web UIs to bring responsive, engaging, and intuitive webpages to life and develop interactive experiences in microsites that function in cross-browser, cross-device environments Participate in the software development life cycle from task estimation, prototyping, software implementation, testing and maintenance. Employ source control in Git, using branching & merging/rebasing and pull requests. Troubleshoot production issues with team members to identify and address problems; help identify risks to the organization’s web systems and advise on mitigation;configure applications to ensure they are meeting business needs. Work with the development team to provide ongoing creation, maintenance and support for any mobile apps, web apps and web systems to ensure data quality, security and standards are being met so they are stable, secure, and compliant Run occasional AODA audits on all CRC sites/portals as requested to identify accessibility issues to correct; be the source of knowledge on AODA/WCAG for the CRC enterprise, responding to questions and requests from the other channels / hubs / departments Help write concise technical documentation for new and enhanced front-end UI/UX features and solutions. The minimum qualification for this job is a post-secondary degree or diploma in website design & development 4+ years of experience in responsive web development using HTML / HTML5, CSS / CSS3 including Media Queries and JavaScript / jQuery, CSS frameworks such as Bootstrap or Foundation CSS generators (LESS / SASS),client-side unit testing with Jasmine / Jest Design skills such as active HTML prototyping, wireframe mock-ups and working with PSDs (photoshop) and style guides Experience auditing and implementing AODA compliance (WCAG 2.1 AA standard) for websites, microsites and 3rd party hosted web applications Strong communication skills – ability to explain technical UI / UX and accessibility concepts to designers, support, and UX developers Experience working in an Agile development environment (stand-ups, sprints and other sprint ceremonies) using processes such as Scrum or Kanban and tools like Jira Knowledge and experience using a source control system such as Git. Strong debugging skills combined with an understanding of performance, scaling and latency for a web UI Experience working with a .Net CMS such as Kentico, Sitecore, Sitefinity, etc. Experience with an HTML templating language like handlebars or liquid Working knowledge of a modern JavaScript framework such as Angular / ReactJS. Familiarity with ES6, AJAX and GA / GTM;experience converting PSD assets to HTML At this time, much of the work is performed “Work from Home”, however there is a possibility of moving back into an office environment. Occasional requirement to work overtime hours, often with short notice. Domestic travel may be required. This position requires a successful Canadian criminal record check. The Canadian Red Cross is an equal opportunity employer. 
ScrapedJobID290:
Expertise in ASP.net Web Forms and MVC and C# is a must. Must have experience using ADO.NET, Telerik and in-built ASP.net tools, e.g. Grid View, List View and Update Panels etc. Experience using JavaScript for client side tasks, e.g. client side validations etc. Projects are integrated with several 3rd party Softwares, so you must have in-depth knowledge of consuming data provided by RESTful and Web APIs. You must be able to write optimized SQL queries for fast data retrieval. You must be able to produce clean, robust, and accurate code that meets the specification. Ability to analyze problems and identify potential solutions and preventive measures. Strong organizational skills to include multi-tasking and time management skills. 8 hour shift Toronto, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) C#: 2 years (required) ASP.NET: 2 years (required) SQL: 2 years (required) CSS: 1 year (preferred) HTML5: 1 year (preferred) JavaScript: 1 year (required) MVC: 1 year (preferred) Web Forms: 1 year (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID291:
Photoshop (higher skills, 2+ years experience) Basic InDesign knowledge Basic Illustrator knowledge HTML5 (comfortable level) CSS3 (comfortable level) WordPress (1-2+ years experience, portfolio examples required) Basic Design knowledge Responsive Design (comfortable level) Team player mindset Willingness to learn new skills On-site parking Monday to Friday WordPress: 1 year (required) Adobe Photoshop: 1 year (required) Responsive Design: 1 year (required) HTML5 and CSS3: 1 year (required) No 
ScrapedJobID292:
Modelling and developing robotic processes Updating and maintaining standards around RPA best practices Mentoring and guiding peers via code reviews, dev sessions and pair-programming Investigating and documenting better practices/alternative solutions that could be used in future development Minimum 3 years of experience in a software development or automation role Bachelors Degree or equivalent Experience with RPA Software (e.g. UI Path, Automation Anywhere, BluePrism) Experience architecting and developing workflow based solutions or functionality Experience with web development technologies preferential Comfortable developing on Microsoft Windows in any of Visual Basic, VBA, .NET, SQL, PowerShell, JSON Able to work with APIs from Google Cloud Platform, Microsoft Azure, etc Database experience, SQL, SQL Server and relational databases and spreadsheets Experienced in the Software Development Lifecycle including Waterfall and Agile methodologies Experience with using Git or related products (GitHub) Willingness to learn and work with minimum supervision Must be able to multitask and willing to work on multiple projects at a given time Strong written and verbal communication skills Comfortable interacting with business stakeholders and clients Strong analytical and problem-solving skills 
ScrapedJobID293:
Web development (4+ years) Angular or React development (4+ years) TypesScript (2-3 years) Java development (4+ years) Strong CSS skills Attention to detail Disciplined Strong verbal and writing skills Experience with: SpringBoot, NgRx, RxJS, Material Design Secret security clearance Relational Database experience Strong UX design skills Knowledge of git Knowledge of SAFe Agile process Military domain knowledge Overtime pay Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Angular: 3 years (required) TypeScript: 2 years (required) Java: 3 years (required) Government of Canada Security Clearance (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID294:
Build and maintain scalable web applications with PHP Integrate applications or sites with third party libraries or APIs. Work with our UX team to define requirements and plan project architecture Work with our managed application services team to support deployments Collaborate with the rest of the development team to solve problems and make things better Work with a wide range of web services to display static and dynamic content A degree or diploma in computer science or a related field or comparable accreditation is an asset 3+ years experience in web or application development, or a related field Strong familiarity with PHP You should have deep expertise in at least one programming language or framework You should have excellent troubleshooting and problem-solving capabilities You have some experience with Git or other version control systems Ability to work in multiple projects and manage multiple tasks with minimum or little supervision You should have excellent communication skills Experience communicating with clients one-on-one, in groups, and in writing 
ScrapedJobID295:
Build reusable components/modules for static websites with responsive design. Work with API endpoints for dynamic content updating. Ensure UI/UX of developed pages with near pixel-perfect design. Develop and optimize front-end UI to ensure the application is rendered consistently in cross-browser environments; Deploy code and database changes to staging and live server environments 
ScrapedJobID296:
Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID297:
Development, analysis, and testing of web applications and supporting services Integration and deployment of applications and tools Document and maintain a library of processes and guides Meet all SLA requirements through managing and supporting the team through Service Desk Support all existing applications and services Assist with all campus management systems and student portal(s) used by Navitas UP North
America including, but not exclusive to, application client installation and configuration, user
training, documentation, and troubleshooting Contribute to Navitas projects as required Perform other duties as assigned A Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or similar field 2+ years in a development role Experience in Web Services standards and technologies (XML, SOAP, WSDL, REST, JSON etc.) Working knowledge of version control systems like GitHub Solid analytical, problem solving and decision-making skills WordPress, Drupal HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, PHP MSSQL, MySQL Apache Legal authorization to work in the U.S. and/or Canada Experience in AWS Experience in administering Linux (Debian, Ubuntu) is desirable for this role General working knowledge of networks and servers Experience working in a distributed office environment, domestically or regionally 
ScrapedJobID298:

ScrapedJobID299:
You will be primarily involved in two different projects: an international Real Estate Portal that is quickly gaining popularity all over the world; an eBook store with a large inventory, basically a Django app that serves several stores within the same application (+ Solr, Redis and a bunch of interesting technologies). More details about the projects will be provided to selected candidates during the interview process. Work on existing projects written in Python and Django. The scope will usually include front-end (CSS/Javascript and AJAX/XHTML) and back-end (Django, Python, PostgreSQL and general server software). We take quality seriously and you should expect to be involved in well written code bases following standards such as PEP-8 and good software engineering practices. Strong hands on experience with Python, experience with Django is important, but we might still be willing to consider candidates with strong Python skills and none or little knowledge with Django. Strong web development experience: we expect that you know well XHTML, CSS and Javascript. Hands on experience with jQuery is a big plus Track record of delivering completed projects, preferably web-based Good SQL knowledge and databases, PostgreSQL is a plus You should be very familiar with Linux (we use Ubuntu) and working directly on a server through SSH when required Experience using version control software, Git is a plus Understanding of code best practices and standards. We also expect that you follow PEP-8 style guide and use tools like Pyflakes and Pylint very often Easy-going personality. You will actively participate in design discussions and code review Your expected hourly rate Any important details about your availability that we should be aware of. Note that this is a full-time position (8 hours per day / 40 hours per week). We are usually flexible on the number of hours in the beginning, depending on the candidate. Samples of Python code that you have written and are really proud of [OR] any links to accounts such as github, google code, bitbucket or stackoverflow would be great too. A list of some projects that you have previously been involved in and that are currently online 
ScrapedJobID300:
Develop and document Web site requirements. Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Develop Web site architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Web site Create and optimize content for the Web site using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Web site graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products. Write, modify, integrate and test software code for C to C e-commerce, Internet and mobile applications Collect clients’ information, data processing and prepare the preference report to management for strategy adjustment. Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of website and related APP. A university degree in a relevant field of computer science, communication, or completion of a college program in computer science, graphic arts, web design from an accredited university is required Master’s degree in a relevant field will be an asset. 3+ years of work experience as web designer and developer, or related experience as a computer programmer, software system developer, graphic designer is required. Candidates with both of IT education background and related work experience will be given a priority. Exceptional time management skills, attention to details, team player and leadership skills. Ability to multi- task, prioritise workload and work independent is a must 
ScrapedJobID301:
Communication Energy and Stress Team Work Quality Orientation Problem Solving Accountability and Dependability Operating Equipment Ethics and Integrity Website and software application designing, building or maintaining. Using scripting or authoring languages, management tools, content creation tools, applications and digital media Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related technical discipline A minimum of two (2) years of Software Development (web). Preferences will be given to candidates with data governance, data migration or with the financial sector experience. Minimum two (2) years of experience with web development (Angular, Javascript, CSS) Minimum two (2) years of experience with C#, shell script, and web API Minimum two (2) years of experience with MS SQL 2008+, Oracle and Teradata would be considered a strong asset Good working knowledge of Agile Development would be an asset Good working knowledge of GIT or TFS would be an asset Attention to detail with the ability to self-manage project deadlines Strong work ethic and positive team attitude. Manual dexterity required to use desktop computer and peripherals. Work is of a repetitive nature Can work from home, however Candidate are preferred to be in the Moncton region. Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Vision care Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Do you live in the Moncton region? Javascript: 3 years (required) Angular: 3 years (required) CSS: 3 years (required) C#: 3 years (required) Web API: 3 years (required) MS SQL: 3 years (required) Oracle: 3 years (preferred) Teradata: 3 years (preferred) Data Migration: 2 years (required) No 
ScrapedJobID302:
Assurance Dentaire Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vision Horaires flexibles REER Collectif Travail à Distance 8 Heures Du Lundi au Vendredi DEC (Souhaité) Node.js: 2 ans (Souhaité) React.js: 2 ans (Obligatoire) TypeScript: 2 ans (Souhaité) JavaScript: 2 ans (Souhaité) Yes 
ScrapedJobID303:
Own Plooto’s website development and our pre-PQL experience Create and optimize web and landing pages for speed, performance, accessibility, mobile-friendliness, and our health score Leverage analytics tools (e.g. Hotjar) to understand how visitors behave on our site, identify frictions and improve the UX Install tracking pixels to help Marketing track and attribute leads Create and update landing pages to support paid campaigns and drive conversions Optimize web pages, conduct SEO site audits, and drive actionable insights Continuously improve our front-end by ensuring industry best development practices. Live and promote our leadership principles. 2-3 years of front-end web development using JavaScript, CSS, and HTML Experience using Hubspot or another similar CMS An analytical mindset and familiarity with data platforms such as Google Analytics, Mixpanel, Segment A drive towards understanding customer behaviour through A/B testing, user conversions and events Ability to evaluate a websites current state and provide recommendations Excellent knowledge of the latest website development trends, techniques to improve rendering and other website functionalities An advocate about best UX practices Culture: We’re a purpose-driven meritocratic culture where bias, tenure, and egos are replaced with debate, data, and facts so we can spend as much time as possible on impactful work to create real value for our customers. Plus, we provide regular social events by our awesome Social Committee, live and virtual coffee chats and more! Growth: We’re a fast-paced FinTech company with numerous opportunities to learn, grow and take on new challenges. You’ll have an immediate impact. Additionally, all Plootonians can participate in the employee stock option plan from day 1. Benefits: Day 1 access to comprehensive medical and health, including 100% drug coverage. We offer flexibility through WFH options and generous time off (vacation, sick, etc.) Security: Plooto is trusted by over 6,000 SMBs and their finance teams. Our customers can discover and transact with over 150K customers and suppliers in North America through our B2B network. 
ScrapedJobID304:
Proven strong experience across the stack –with an even focus on front and back-end development. Designing, developing and testing UI for mobile and web applications Experience with major CMS such as Drupal, Joomla, Jekyll, Storyblok is an asset Demonstrated experience in front-end web development Deep understanding and application of SEO Solid knowledge of PHP and MySQL is required Email Marketing experience and best practices Hands on experience with responsive design Good understanding of web security best practices Familiarity with frameworks such as Bootstrap and Laravel is a definite asset Excellent communications skills, both with technical and non-technical people Be able to work as part of a team but be a confident independent worker Have great listening skills, ask all the right questions! Always be looking out for opportunities to grow, both personally and as a team Take pride in the work you do Thrive in an evolving, collaborative environment that values impact over output Be enthusiastic about web technology, scalability, efficiency, and code quality Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Discounted or free food Extended health care Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Vars, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) English (required) 
ScrapedJobID305:
You demonstrate BDO's core values through all aspect of your work: Integrity, Respect and Collaboration You understand your client’s industry, challenges, and opportunities; client describe you as positive, professional, and delivering high quality work You identify, recommend, and are focused on effective service delivery to your clients You share in an inclusive and engaging work environment that develops, retains & attracts talent You actively participate in the adoption of digital tools and strategies to drive an innovative workplace You grow your expertise through learning and professional development. 5+ years of experience in Javascript with recent focus on React and Typescript Experience with HTML5 and CSS3 Experience and familiarity with GraphQL as well as RESTFul API design and interaction Experience with unit testing and end to end testing Experience with CI / CD Show ability to mentor and teach newer developers Demonstrated ability and flexibility to manage time and priorities effectively Apply initiative and creativity when approaching challenges Able to communicate effectively within a development team and with clients High attention to detail and commitment to quality A deep understanding of Agile methodologies and frameworks such as Scrum and Kanban We enable you to engage with the firm's strategic plan, and be a key contributor to the success and growth of the firm. We help you be the best professional you can be in our services, industries and markets. Achieve your personal goals outside of the office and make an impact on your community. 
ScrapedJobID306:
3 years or more experience in front-end programming Mastering HTML5 and CSS3 in responsive web Mastering CSS frameworks such as Bootstrap or Fundation Good knowledge of PHP Creative and curious Rigorous and strategic Analytical skills Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously Ability to express ideas clearly and accurately Collaborative and proactive Ability to solve problems Organized and have excellent work techniques Develop and integrate Web features related to the established user experience Design and implement web pages using best practices in UX/UI, SEO and mobile Participate in creating landing pages for digital campaigns Provide estimates for web development efforts in collaboration with multiple teams Diagnose and solve technical problems Work in collaboration with a multidisciplinary team (web strategist, graphic designer, backend developer) Participate in the realization of functional tests Identify possible solutions for moderately complex situations, evaluate them and make a decision in partnership with the team Keep up to date on Web and emerging technologies. Support the start of production. 
ScrapedJobID307:
Building web applications for various Liquidity and Capital Stress testing Defining the architecture for new web developments Managing each initiative given by management from start to end, meaning: Work with users and business analysts to understand user needs and translate requirements into systems Propose designs and implement the project accordingly Review and design the architecture for the new systems Estimate effort and ensure timely delivery Ensure agile and continuous delivery methodology is followed Ensure code is well tested Ensure that release management / change management processes are followed Be responsible for the 2nd and 3rd level of support Assist the support team in the rollout of releases Give clear and consistent reports to the clients and management Assess risks and develop contingent strategies Collaborate with others teams (networking, systems, quality insurance, support, architects, others development teams..). Rely on IT best practices to improve quality of development Participate as a motivated, proactive and highly contributing member of the global team Manage several streams of work concurrently Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Good written and verbal communication skills Strong knowledge of programming design patterns Team player Dynamic, detail oriented, fast learning capacity and able to work in a high-pressure environment Previous significant experience as a developer in an investment banking environment (plus) BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent Degree in finance (plus) French spoken and written (plus) Full stack C# / Angular HTML5, CSS3 and ES6 Experience with RESTful services Working in an Agile development team TDD/BDD and its practical implementation commonly used design patterns and multi-threading Dependency Injection An understanding of version control SVN &amp; GIT An understanding of continuous integration and continuous delivery Other object-oriented design languages and methodologies (Java, C/C++) (plus) Test automation tools (plus) Python (plus) Excel / VBA development (plus) MS SQL Server database (plus) Join an international group of IT Consulting Service, committed to the digital transformation of its customers for 20 years. Join a Canadian group with more than 100 consultants, working in an agile and pragmatic way with large companies (Finance, Insurance, Telecommunications, Services, Distribution, Public sector) by combining consulting services / technological expertise / innovation / ability to deliver and deploy projects Join dynamic teams, where the role of the employee is at the center of attention, with the desire to create spaces allowing everyone to flourish Have the opportunity to access the different communities to contribute to development and to innovate, all with a strong team spirit and entrepreneurship 
ScrapedJobID308:
Meeting with stakeholders to discuss website UX and functional needs Building the website front-end from provided designs Manage the website back-end including database and server integration. A large part of management is of a customer Insights engine created within WP Maintain website uptime (working with internal IT team), run frequent maintenance, and keep versions (i.e. WordPress, PHP, and Plugins) updated Monitor and optimize website security and performance Bachelor's degree in computer science or a similar field Proven work experience as a WordPress developer and site manager - expert level required Knowledge of front-end technologies including CSS3, JavaScript, HTML5, JSON, and jQuery Ability to convert comprehensive layout and wireframes into working HTML pages, optimized for both mobile and desktop screens Strong understanding of PHP back-end development Knowledge of how to interact with RESTful APIs and formats (JSON, XML) Experience working with debugging tools such as Chrome Inspector and Firebug Good understanding of website architecture and aesthetics best practices, and observing trends to discover innovative new ways to grow our experience Experience in managing web hosting and security to ensure uptime and site performance, including CDN management Good understanding of content marketing and how it is delivered only, including working with multiple formats. (i.e downloads, videos) Ability to manage projects (we use Monday.com) Good communication skills Experience with Google Cloud marketing tools (i.e. Google Analytics, Tag Manager) BONUS: Experience with HubSpot, CRM (email marketing), SEO best practices Proficiency in Google Workspace products will help you smoothly communicate with team members as well as boost your own productivity Knowledge of Google Cloud can also aid you Make them rave Be data-driven Think one step ahead Drive purposeful impact Do the right thing 
ScrapedJobID309:

ScrapedJobID310:
Write maintainable, testable, and performant software in collaboration with our world class team Participate in code review and performing extensive testing to ensure high quality software Research new technology and tools and share those findings with the team Communicate clearly and effectively with all members of our team Experience programming in .net or C# Graduated from a Computer Science, Software Engineering, or similar program Experience creating either web or native mobile applications Experience developing eCommerce solutions Strong command of important programming and computer science concepts Fundamental knowledge of core web principals (HTTP, the DOM, SSL, web servers) Great interpersonal skills - we work very closely together as a team and require a lot of communication Proactive personality and a desire to deliver your best work 
ScrapedJobID311:
Write well designed, testable, efficient code by using best software development practices Create website layout/user interface by using standard HTML/CSS practices Proficiency in Javascript (JQuery, Node.js etc.) Experience in PHP Frameworks (Laravel, Codeigniter, Symphony) Integrate data from various back-end services and databases Gather and refine specifications and requirements based on technical needs Create and maintain software documentation Be responsibile for maintaining, expanding, and scaling our site Stay plugged into emerging technologies/industry trends and apply them into operations and activities Cooperate with web designers to match visual design intent Proven working experience in web programming, primarily in PHP. Top-notch programming skills and in-depth knowledge of modern HTML/CSS A solid understanding of how web applications work including security, session management, and best development practices Adequate knowledge of relational database systems, Object Oriented Programming and web application development Hands-on experience with network diagnostics, network analytics tools Aggressive problem diagnosis and creative problem solving skills Strong organizational skills to juggle multiple tasks within the constraints of timelines and budgets with business acumen Ability to work and thrive in a fast-paced environment, learn rapidly and master diverse web technologies and techniques. 8 hour shift PHP: 4 years (preferred) Laravel: 2 years (preferred) JavaScript: 2 years (preferred) API integration: 2 years (preferred) HTML + CSS: 2 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID312:

ScrapedJobID313:
AWS Angular NodeJS / ExpressJS MS SQL Redis You have a product first mentality You have a strong desire to learn and grow You pride yourself on how efficiently you're able to deliver on requirements You are quick to understand complex logic You try to understand the underlying business requirements, rather than just the technical details You want to do things the right way, not necessarily the easy way You seek out ways to leverage industry standards, frameworks, and tools (where it makes sense), rather than always having to reinvent the wheel Deliver on features required to move the business forward Collaborate with other engineers, design and product to define clear deliverables and establish project milestones Take ownership of features from end to end by going through design, implementation, testing, and maintenance phases Contribute to engineering best practices Identify opportunities to improve existing code or architecture Stay up to date with best practices and emerging technologies 4+ years of experience building REST APIs 4+ years of experience working with relational databases (MSSQL is a plus) 2+ years of experience with NodeJS 2+ years of experience building single page applications Experience with devops automation (e.g. CI/CD, Terraform, etc.) Experience with a Public Cloud Provider (e.g. AWS, Azure, GCP) Care about quality, both in your product design and codebase Strong understanding of ES6 and frontend frameworks (Angular and TypeScript are a plus) Belief in automated tests and taking ownership over the quality of your code Experience working collaboratively, participating in code reviews and being a great teammate 
ScrapedJobID314:
A web designer's job may involve managing more than one web design brief at a time and allocating the relevant amount of time according to the value of the job. Typical activities include: meeting with clients, project co-ordinator for account managers to discuss the marketing objectives and requirements of the job; Write the programming code, either from scratch or by adapting existing website software and graphics packages to meet business requirements Test the website and identify any technical problems Upload the site onto a server and register it with different search engines. Have skills in website and web application programming and graphic design have creativity and imagination be adaptable and able to pick up new techniques have good interpersonal and communication skills keep up to date with advances in computer technology and how this affects the business environment interpreting the client's business needs and developing a concept to suit their purpose; estimating the time required to complete the work and providing quotes for clients; developing design briefs by gathering information and data through research; thinking creatively to produce new ideas and concepts; using innovation to redefine a design brief within the constraints of cost and time; presenting finalized ideas and concepts to clients or account managers; working with a wide range of media, including photography and videography; proofreading to produce accurate and high-quality work; contributing ideas and design artwork to the overall brief; developing interactive design, UI and UX commissioning printers, illustrators, photographers, and videographers; working as part of a team with graphic designer, copywriters, photographers, stylists, illustrators, other designers, account executives, web developers and marketing specialists. Demonstrating illustrative skills with rough sketches or Adobe XD keeping abreast of emerging technologies and programming languages, such as HTML5, CSS, PHP, Mysql, Wordpress, J Query, BootStripe, Javascript. keeping abreast of emerging technologies in new media, particularly design programs such as Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop, Indesign, Acrobat, Dreamweaver and Flash; 2 years or more related experience Minimum: College Diploma Preferred: Associates Degree or Higher Language: English, Chinese Mandarin and Cantonese will be an asset. Overtime pay Dental care Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking 8 hour shift Overtime No 
ScrapedJobID315:
Hands-on experience developing front-end development cycle Styling and theming of Adobe Experience Manager components Creation of web based sites, from Sketch/Photoshop designs in Adobe Experience Manager Provides input to the technology leadership, project management and account teams to define deliverables and timelines Provides support and mentoring to the more junior members of the team Experiment with and evaluate new technologies Primary focus on front-end development skill set; HTML, CSS (SASS), JavaScript (ES6), Bonus- Photoshop, Sketch, Sightly/ HTL Must have experience; AEM templates, theming, components, authoring, AEM stylesystem and policies GIT, Responsive Design Principles, Accessibility Standards WCAG 2.1, AA Page speed optimization 5+ years development experience, preferably in agency world/faced-paced environment Working knowledge within Agile methodology (JIRA, KANBAN, Sprints) Experience configuring, troubleshooting and maintaining AEM environments Adobe Campaign / Email creation Able to work through ambiguity Self-governed Attention to detail Strong analytical and critical thinking skills Able to take initiative 
ScrapedJobID316:
You will be embraced by a massive community of like-minded individuals You will level up your skills and experience what true mastery feels like You will get your fingerprints on really cool stuff Casual and flexible work environment, including the opportunity to work fully remote Competitive company-paid benefits plan Generous professional development budget Half day Fridays in the summer and extended holiday break in December An Ottawa office that offers collaborative workspaces, an in-office pool table, golf simulator, large kitchen and more! Primarily develop in full stack JavaScript/Node.js (we’re proud to have a fully JS platform!) Be a part of a work culture that encourages learning, growth, and collaboration, believing that it is with great people that we achieve great things Get to learn and experiment with different technologies, learning technologies and design patterns that are tried and true as well as newer emerging ones Collaborate in peer design and code reviews, write automated tests, and participate in daily scrums Work with additional technologies to assist the DevOps team in delivery service-oriented architecture, including Linux, Docker, JVM and more 3+ year degree/ diploma in engineering, programming or computer science or equivalent work experience as a developer An intermediate to senior understanding of Node.js, JavaScript and SQL backed by at least 1-2 years of professional experience with those technologies Strong understanding of middleware, asynchronous functions, streams and functional programming concepts in Node.js/ JavaScript Familiarity with the OWASP Top 10 web application security risks Capable of working well within a team and desire to provide a strong product experience Comfortable with receiving constructive criticism and compromising on proposed solutions Strong communication and self organization skills DevOps experience deploying an application in a Linux environment with tools such as Kubernetes and Docker Intermediate to senior understanding of Express, LESS, Bootstrap, and Backbone Familiarity with core i-Sight technologies, processes, and standards such as gitflow style branching, semver style versioning, GitHub, JIRA, OSX, Agile, Scrum, etc. 
ScrapedJobID317:
This group performs some or all of the following duties: Consult with clients to develop and document Web site requirements Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Develop Web site architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Web site Create and optimize content for the Web site using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls May lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Web site graphics, content, capacity and interactivity May research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products. Copy of portfolio or relevant work examples Cover letter Link to web portfolio Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID318:
Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Do you have experience working on the backend? Web Design/development: 7 years (required) React: 3 years (required) HTML/CSS/JS: 5 years (preferred) Java: 3 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID319:
Overtime pay Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift No weekends Do you have valid work permit in Canada? Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID320:
We provide growth opportunities within our well-established local business. We believe in creating lasting relationships built on honesty and respect. We value collaboration and open communication. We have a hard working environment that fosters growth while understanding the need for a healthy work/life balance. We create exceptional products. And of course a competitive benefits package. 
ScrapedJobID321:

ScrapedJobID322:
8 hour shift Monday to Friday Full Stack development: 6 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID323:
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience is required. Minimum one year of experience as a web developer is required. Good knowledge of English Language. Solid knowledge of programming applications. Proficient in JavaScript, HTML, CSS, PHP, JQuery and MySQL. Dedicated team player, Organized, Initiative, Dependability. Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment. Solid ability in both written and verbal communication. Knowledge of programming language and technical terminology. Able to develop ideas and processes and clearly express them. Able to solve complex problems. Excellent written and oral communication and Effective interpersonal skills. Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements, Prepare mock-ups and storyboards, Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements, Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website, Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software, Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products, Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity, Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code, Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls 
ScrapedJobID324:
Develop fast, flexible, and well-designed web services to power consumer facing websites Build efficient data sharing systems, involving internal and external API’s & services Design high performance database schemas, and write efficient SQL Analyze technical specification documents and build integrations to match Evaluate sources of technical data, photos, and videos, and create new web services to expose them Support front-end developers by building required server-side components, and designing clear API’s Work closely with analysts and dev-ops personnel to continuously add new features and refine existing systems. Expert knowledge of PHP & SQL Experience with REST, JSON, and SOAP/XML based web services Strong understanding of object-oriented programming, and software architecture concepts Experience with revision control systems such as GIT Solid understanding of Apache, Mysql, and Linux web hosting environments Good code testing & debugging skills, with a strong attention to detail A positive and professional attitude, strong personal organization skills, and the ability to work within a diverse team environment Experience with the rust programming language Experience with PHP or Python frameworks, such as Laravel, Django Experience with front-end web development Familiarity with JS, CSS, and build & automation tools Familiarity with network architecture, hosting infrastructure, and database replication Experience or interest in the following would also be considered an asset: automotive industry, intranet and CRM applications The chance to work at an innovative, award winning agency. We know when to work hard and play hard. We work in a space where our creative minds run free. We have each other’s back, through thick and thin. Our clients trust and believe in creativity. You’ll find yourself challenged to go beyond your comfort zone. The hours are flexible and you get generous time off during the winter holidays. We’re humbled by the number of talented people who apply to work with us every day. And we thank each and every one of you. Truly. If you have sent us your resume, we have received it. We’ll reach out directly to those we’d like to meet for an interview. Creating meaningful work means embracing different perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate based on age, colour, ability, national origin, race, religion, sex, or sexual orientation. Not only are these provisions protected by provincial and federal law, embracing difference is what makes Cossette what it is—and we wouldn’t have it any other way. We pride ourselves on our inclusive and accessible workplace. If you need any accommodations during the interview process to make it work for you, let us know. 
ScrapedJobID325:
Translate application requirements and use cases into functional applications Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable C# code Provide tier-3 support to services team when required. Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of the applications Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to these problems Help maintain code quality, organization, and automatization Specific proficiency in:
C#, MVC 4+, Visual Studio
Entity Framework
Solid understanding of object-oriented programming
Relational database experience (MSSQL, MySQL) a PLUS
Skill for writing reusable libraries
Strong code debugging skills
PHP
Amazon Web Services AWS
Standalone web server (Apache) C#, MVC 4+, Visual Studio Entity Framework Solid understanding of object-oriented programming Relational database experience (MSSQL, MySQL) a PLUS Skill for writing reusable libraries Strong code debugging skills PHP Amazon Web Services AWS Standalone web server (Apache) 2+ years experience of demonstrable relevant experience Proven hands-on Software Development experience including a working experience in C# web development Object Oriented analysis and design using common design patterns. Computer Science degree preferred 
ScrapedJobID326:
You are active in the local web design and dev community. You enjoy mentoring and coaching people, have great communication skills, are organized, and are interested in growing as a leader. You completed a relevant study in recent years and hoping to grow your industry experience under the supervision of a recognized industry professional Extended health care No 
ScrapedJobID327:
Dental care Disability insurance Flexible schedule Life insurance Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID328:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience 3-5 years experience in web technologies such as JavaScript, Typescript, React/Angular, HTML5, and CSS3 3-5 years experience in designing responsive web interfaces with cross-browser compatibility Ability to work effectively in a team environment Ability to communicate technical concepts clearly and effectively Ability to manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables Knowledge of Adobe Photoshop and/or other design tools Knowledge of the whole web stack, including protocols and web server optimization techniques 
ScrapedJobID329:
Design, build, test and deploy new features for our web application Produce easy to read and maintain code Participate in sprint planning sessions with the team Participate in story evaluation sessions with the team Demonstrate your work to the product’s stakeholders Review peer code and architecture 4+ years experience as a front-end developer In depth knowledge of JavaScript, including ES6 In depth knowledge of CSS3 and semantic HTML Experience with modern JavaScript frameworks, especially React and React Hooks Familiarity with modern UI/UX, Accessibility, Responsive Design Understanding of WAI-ARIA, WCAG standards, Microdata/Microformats, SVGs Tools and Processes: GIT, Docker, NPM, Continuous Integration, JIRA, GSuite Experience or appreciation for Agile mindset and methodology Have deployed code to production that is utilized by thousands of users Experience working with automation and continuous integration tools Experience working with APIs and single page applications Experience with unit tests, integration tests, performance tests and tuning to enable high performance / low latency experiences Experience working fully remote with a distributed team Experience working for a SaaS company Experience working with startup and small teams Must be legally eligible to work in Canada as an employee Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English Remote work Flexible work hours Comprehensive benefits package (health, dental, vision care) An amazing rewards and recognition platform; we’ll help you achieve not just your career goals, but your personal goals as well! 
ScrapedJobID330:
The successful candidate who joins our development team will be handling a set of internal mobile or web projects, as well as client sites / projects for our registration system (web forms expertise is a strong asset) Report directly to our Development Manager and work closely as a team in the development of future and ongoing custom developed systems Take ownership of assigned tasks and deliver requirements within tight deadlines Learning all in house web based systems and providing internal support to staff as required Dealing with / and creating custom database report queries Our ideal candidate will have minimum 3-5 years experience Hybrid Office / Work from home environment 3 - 5 years progressive experience iOS / Android / Flutter Node / Angular HTML5 / CSS / Javascript (jQuery) / Bootstrap Database: MySQL (or similar SQL experience) Legacy systems (Classic ASP / ColdFusion - not required but willing to pick up if need be) Regardless of your familiarity or experience with the required skills, you should be motivated to learn more as your tasks progress. Be able to provide examples of previous development projects Have no problem facing tight deadlines on a daily basis Are excited to research solutions when faced with technical challenges You are a good communicator and can express your ideas both verbally and written as well as in technical and non-technical terms for end users / clients to understand You are able to multitask, and to deal with tight deadlines on a daily basis. You are a team player and have a strong work ethic. You are open to new ideas, concepts and learning new skills Ability to work overtime as project deadlines require 
ScrapedJobID331:
Develop fast, flexible, and well-designed web services to power consumer facing websites Build efficient data sharing systems, involving internal and external API’s & services Design high performance database schemas, and write efficient SQL Analyze technical specification documents and build integrations to match Evaluate sources of technical data, photos, and videos, and create new web services to expose them Support front-end developers by building required server-side components, and designing clear API’s Work closely with analysts and dev-ops personnel to continuously add new features and refine existing systems. Expert knowledge of PHP & SQL Experience with REST, JSON, and SOAP/XML based web services Strong understanding of object-oriented programming, and software architecture concepts Experience with revision control systems such as GIT Solid understanding of Apache, Mysql, and Linux web hosting environments Good code testing & debugging skills, with a strong attention to detail A positive and professional attitude, strong personal organization skills, and the ability to work within a diverse team environment Experience with the rust programming language Experience with PHP or Python frameworks, such as Laravel, Django Experience with front-end web development Familiarity with JS, CSS, and build & automation tools Familiarity with network architecture, hosting infrastructure, and database replication Experience or interest in the following would also be considered an asset: automotive industry, intranet and CRM applications The chance to work at an innovative, award winning agency. We know when to work hard and play hard. We work in a space where our creative minds run free. We have each other’s back, through thick and thin. Our clients trust and believe in creativity. You’ll find yourself challenged to go beyond your comfort zone. The hours are flexible and you get generous time off during the winter holidays. We’re humbled by the number of talented people who apply to work with us every day. And we thank each and every one of you. Truly. If you have sent us your resume, we have received it. We’ll reach out directly to those we’d like to meet for an interview. Creating meaningful work means embracing different perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate based on age, colour, ability, national origin, race, religion, sex, or sexual orientation. Not only are these provisions protected by provincial and federal law, embracing difference is what makes Cossette what it is—and we wouldn’t have it any other way. We pride ourselves on our inclusive and accessible workplace. If you need any accommodations during the interview process to make it work for you, let us know. 
ScrapedJobID332:
Translate application requirements and use cases into functional applications Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable C# code Provide tier-3 support to services team when required. Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of the applications Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to these problems Help maintain code quality, organization, and automatization Specific proficiency in:
C#, MVC 4+, Visual Studio
Entity Framework
Solid understanding of object-oriented programming
Relational database experience (MSSQL, MySQL) a PLUS
Skill for writing reusable libraries
Strong code debugging skills
PHP
Amazon Web Services AWS
Standalone web server (Apache) C#, MVC 4+, Visual Studio Entity Framework Solid understanding of object-oriented programming Relational database experience (MSSQL, MySQL) a PLUS Skill for writing reusable libraries Strong code debugging skills PHP Amazon Web Services AWS Standalone web server (Apache) 2+ years experience of demonstrable relevant experience Proven hands-on Software Development experience including a working experience in C# web development Object Oriented analysis and design using common design patterns. Computer Science degree preferred 
ScrapedJobID333:
You are active in the local web design and dev community. You enjoy mentoring and coaching people, have great communication skills, are organized, and are interested in growing as a leader. You completed a relevant study in recent years and hoping to grow your industry experience under the supervision of a recognized industry professional Extended health care No 
ScrapedJobID334:
Dental care Disability insurance Flexible schedule Life insurance Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID335:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience 3-5 years experience in web technologies such as JavaScript, Typescript, React/Angular, HTML5, and CSS3 3-5 years experience in designing responsive web interfaces with cross-browser compatibility Ability to work effectively in a team environment Ability to communicate technical concepts clearly and effectively Ability to manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables Knowledge of Adobe Photoshop and/or other design tools Knowledge of the whole web stack, including protocols and web server optimization techniques 
ScrapedJobID336:
Design, build, test and deploy new features for our web application Produce easy to read and maintain code Participate in sprint planning sessions with the team Participate in story evaluation sessions with the team Demonstrate your work to the product’s stakeholders Review peer code and architecture 4+ years experience as a front-end developer In depth knowledge of JavaScript, including ES6 In depth knowledge of CSS3 and semantic HTML Experience with modern JavaScript frameworks, especially React and React Hooks Familiarity with modern UI/UX, Accessibility, Responsive Design Understanding of WAI-ARIA, WCAG standards, Microdata/Microformats, SVGs Tools and Processes: GIT, Docker, NPM, Continuous Integration, JIRA, GSuite Experience or appreciation for Agile mindset and methodology Have deployed code to production that is utilized by thousands of users Experience working with automation and continuous integration tools Experience working with APIs and single page applications Experience with unit tests, integration tests, performance tests and tuning to enable high performance / low latency experiences Experience working fully remote with a distributed team Experience working for a SaaS company Experience working with startup and small teams Must be legally eligible to work in Canada as an employee Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English Remote work Flexible work hours Comprehensive benefits package (health, dental, vision care) An amazing rewards and recognition platform; we’ll help you achieve not just your career goals, but your personal goals as well! 
ScrapedJobID337:
The successful candidate who joins our development team will be handling a set of internal mobile or web projects, as well as client sites / projects for our registration system (web forms expertise is a strong asset) Report directly to our Development Manager and work closely as a team in the development of future and ongoing custom developed systems Take ownership of assigned tasks and deliver requirements within tight deadlines Learning all in house web based systems and providing internal support to staff as required Dealing with / and creating custom database report queries Our ideal candidate will have minimum 3-5 years experience Hybrid Office / Work from home environment 3 - 5 years progressive experience iOS / Android / Flutter Node / Angular HTML5 / CSS / Javascript (jQuery) / Bootstrap Database: MySQL (or similar SQL experience) Legacy systems (Classic ASP / ColdFusion - not required but willing to pick up if need be) Regardless of your familiarity or experience with the required skills, you should be motivated to learn more as your tasks progress. Be able to provide examples of previous development projects Have no problem facing tight deadlines on a daily basis Are excited to research solutions when faced with technical challenges You are a good communicator and can express your ideas both verbally and written as well as in technical and non-technical terms for end users / clients to understand You are able to multitask, and to deal with tight deadlines on a daily basis. You are a team player and have a strong work ethic. You are open to new ideas, concepts and learning new skills Ability to work overtime as project deadlines require 
ScrapedJobID338:

ScrapedJobID339:
Teach a class of beginners (in collaboration with 1-2 other instructors and the Lead Instructor) with the goal of ensuring they graduate ready for junior level roles in Web Development Act as coach/mentor to students as they work their way through the course Care profoundly about every student's success Present lectures on HTML, CSS, JavaScript, GitHub, NodeJS, EJS, React, MongoDB and more Communicate regularly with the Administration Team and Lead Instructor to provide ongoing updates on the students' process and feedback Follow each student independently and ensure that they develop a mastery of the subject matter Experience teaching (as a TA), coaching, managing or supporting junior staff or managing projects Experience in the field of Web Development, have graduated from a Web Development Bootcamp and/or have an educational background in Web Development Outgoing, personable, friendly and empathetic Comfortable explaining difficult concepts because of your ability to dissect and disseminate them into bite-sized, understandable ideas Well-versed in both front-end and back-end development Strong active listening skills and ability to motivate Ability to help all students equally - both those that are excelling and those who are falling behind, with patience, kindness and empathy Lifelong learner who loves sharing their learnings and experiences with others Loves the idea of helping people lead better lives through education Fixed amount of $17,500 CAD for the entire duration of the contract (divided into monthly instalments) Fully remote work Work with an amazing and fun team Possibility to extend your contract and teach more courses 
ScrapedJobID340:
Position: Part-time or permanent Start date: As soon as possible Salary: To be discussed Work schedule: Part-time position is 20 hours a week, permanent position is 40 hours/week, flexible Place of work: 1241 Cascades St., Chateauguay, Quebec, Canada J6J 4Z2. Remote option also available Develop and maintain clean, efficient, secure, and well-engineered back-end code that conforms with accepted standards; Produce detailed specifications for each new feature or enhancement; Communicate and collaborate effectively with team members; Proactively identify opportunities for process and software improvements and make constructive suggestions for change; Identify new technologies that can improve product development and the user experience; Build and maintain unit tests; Design and create web services for front-end use and integration with other systems; Ensure that customer issues and technology failures are detected, isolated, and resolved rapidly, and prevented from happening again; Create and adhere to timelines for multiple projects and stakeholders. College diploma or a bachelor’s degree in computer sciences or a related field; 6 or more months of experience developing PHP-based applications; Experience using with one or more modern back-end frameworks, such as Symfony, Laravel, Zend, CakePHP; Good database skills and experience with MySQL or similar DBMS; Experience using Linux (we mainly use Ubuntu and CentOS); Experience with GitHub or equivalent code repositories; Experience using APIs; Professional proficiency in French and English, both oral and written; Knowledge of Agile / Scrum; It's a plus if you also have experience with… Collaboration tools, such as Confluence, Jira, and Google Docs; Docker Jenkins ElasticSearch Postman Concept of Test Driven Design (TDD) Have a sense of initiative, and be self-directed and self-motivated; Strong analytical and problem solving skills; Ability to work on several projects at the same time; Ability and willingness to learn other technologies and new ways of doing things; Ability to adapt and master a mix of rapidly changing environments; Ability to work independently or in a team; Be a good negotiator while keeping an open mind; Be critical while being constructive; Pay attention to details (visual, functional, and others) and be able to suggest corrections or improvements; Be organized and know how to manage your time well; Demonstrates responsibility and commitment; Have a positive attitude. Knowledgeable and highly-skilled team; Training possibilities (on-line and in-person); Great work-life balance; Competitive salaries and advantages; Medical benefits; On-site gym; Team activities & Happy Hours; Sports Leagues; Cafeteria service; Free parking and coffee. Do you live in the Greater Montreal area? English and French (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 Remote interview process Personal protective equipment provided or required Social distancing guidelines in place Virtual meetings Sanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place 
ScrapedJobID341:

ScrapedJobID342:
Be a part of a team of developers to design and program high-performance, scalable multi-tiered applications and database solutions Recommend and implement system designs based on long-term IT organization strategy Work closely with business and systems analysts, and QA to develop alternative solutions to meet business needs Analyze production system problems and recommend solutions Investigate and solve production problems with minimal guidance Research and recommend technologies to the team and management to help keep our tech stack up to date Mentor junior team members in good coding practices and new technologies At least 3 years of experience with Microsoft .NET Framework / .NET CORE At least 3 years of experience with Microsoft SQL Server and Transact SQL Experience creating backend .Net web services (RESTful APIs) development using C# Understanding of functional and object-oriented programming concepts A mentality of striving to achieve releases early and adding additional functionality to the releases or pushing code early. Highly motivated team player as well as a strong individual contributor Effective verbal and written communications, with an ability to effectively convey information, concepts, and ideas to others Degree or diploma in Computer Science or a related field Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID343:

ScrapedJobID344:
Review existing solutions, projects, and infrastructure to provide recommendations for enhancements and structural improvements. Develop, maintain, and optimize pipelines and engineering projects to ensure continuous operation and improvement. Mature, scale, and automate existing systems and infrastructure. Debug, trace, and profile existing code to ensure uptime and maintainability. Collaborate on new products and pipelines to create technical requirements and develop a solution that meets business functionality. Work with application developers, users, operational leadership, and subject matter experts to understand current and future operational goals. Contribute to all parts of the software development and deployment lifecycle, including design, development, documentation, testing and operations. Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field, or equivalent experience. 2+ years’ experience in Software Engineering or Web Development roles. Ability to develop and debug in Python, PHP, or similar programming language. Comfortable with Git and remote service such as GitHub for version control. Experience working with MySQL or similar relational database systems. Experience with Docker. Experience with AWS or similar cloud service. Experience with CI/CD Pipelines such as CircleCI, Jenkins and GitLab CI. Experience with developing and maintaining large-scale data ETL pipelines. Experience in assessing, developing, troubleshooting, and enhancing RESTful API systems for performance optimization, increased scalability and security, and development standards. Ability to prioritize, communicate well, design for repeatability and scalability, exude ownership, and dig beneath the hood with technology. Ability to translate business requirements into technical specifications. Flexibility to both improve what we have in motion and to innovate on new capabilities. Experience with AWS Lambda or similar serverless computing is a plus. Experience with NoSQL databases such as MongoDB is a plus. Experience in IaC tools such as Terraform or CloudFormation is a plus. Proficiency with front-end development in HTML/CSS and JavaScript frameworks such as React, Vue, or Angularis a plus. Experience with Cloud Networking is a plus. Experience working in an agile Scrum environment is a plus. A consulting and services company which is into product engineering for fortune 500 companies and startups Dental care Extended health care Vision care Monday to Friday Python: 4 years (preferred) PHP: 2 years (preferred) Git: 2 years (preferred) MySQL: 2 years (preferred) Docker: 2 years (preferred) AWS: 2 years (preferred) CI/CD Pipelines- CircleCI, Jenkins and GitLab CI: 2 years (preferred) ETL pipelines: 2 years (preferred) RESTful API: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID345:
Craft scalable JavaScript and Python code to integrate with customer websites, apps, and APIs Flex your Javascript muscle to design/develop single page web apps that use Redux Work with Django in a microservices architecture Implement APIs over HTTP and gRPC Strong computer science fundamentals demonstrated through a degree in computer science or engineering, plus work experience in the field Experience with JavaScript and single page web applications (HTML5, CSS3) Python development Linux, git Exceptional attention to detail and focus on quality We work in tight-knit teams to maximize speed and cultivate an ownership mentality. We cherish curiosity and an obsession for details because we know these details are invaluable over the long run. We promote an environment where ideas are challenged. The best ideas win! We're hyperfocused on our achievements and our ability to execute on our promises. We act with urgency. It's not always about us. We give back to our community to ensure it can grow. We love to compete and have fun. Our game nights are legendary. 
ScrapedJobID346:
2+ years of experience with HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Experience with frontend frameworks (Blazor, Angular). Experience with a public Cloud platform. Experience with Microsoft development stack and Azure cloud is an asset. Strong, effective and clear communication skills in English or French, with an ability to adjust messaging appropriate to the audience. Lead the way: Deloitte is not only leading the profession, but reinventing it for the future. We’re also committed to creating opportunity and leading the way to a more sustainable world. Serve with integrity: Deloitte has earned the trust of employees, clients, regulators, and the public for 175 years. Upholding that trust is our single most important responsibility. Take care of each other: We look out for one another and prioritize respect, fairness, development, and well-being. Foster inclusion: We are at our best when we foster an inclusive culture and embrace diversity in all forms. We know this attracts top talent, enables innovation, and helps us deliver well-rounded client solutions. Collaborate for measurable impact: We approach our work with a collaborative mind¬set, teaming across businesses, geographies, and skill sets to deliver tangible, measurable, attributable impact. 
ScrapedJobID347:
Find Solutions | Create technical solutions that fit the requirements presented to the team using the latest front-end technologies. Test, debug, and optimize web application performance. Create | Follow pre-existing programming paradigms and write clean re-usable code that is maintainable and follow any existing and/or new frameworks. Collaborate | Work together with design, creative, technology and project management. Discuss technical solutions with clients and provide innovative ideas to solutions. A builder | Entrepreneurial thinker coupled with strong technical skills. Open and collaborative | We are close-knit and supportive and we're working with a lot of unknowns – you champion encouraging team environments. Optimistic and focused | Dig in and figure out how to work around problems. You place an importance on the details and can manage your time across many projects. Ego-less | We all wear the hats that need wearing, it's a mentality that makes the team successful. 2+ years of experience in a similar role. Experience working with Agile methodology. Knowledge of LESS/SASS and client-side scripting languages and JavaScript frameworks such as React and jQuery. Experience with AODA an asset. Ability to clearly express ideas and ask intelligent questions. An enterprising approach and a desire to find creative solutions. Curiosity and passion for learning about testing strategies, tools, and automation. 
ScrapedJobID348:
You are a team player and fierce collaborator, though can also work independently You are proactive and self-directed You maintain a high awareness of industry issues and trends, particularly in regards to accessibility, usability, and emerging technologies You understand major browsers and browser development tools, and are familiar with testing and debugging across multiple browsers, platforms, and devices, including smart phones and tablets You have great communication skills – both written and verbal You are knowledgeable and experienced with web development methodologies (Agile and Waterfall) Develop clean, efficient, maintainable, modular (JavaScript/HTML/CSS/ PHP) code Provide accurate timing estimates on work Contribute to documentation (instructional, pitch and technical specification) Collaborate and guide other non-technical staff, particularly designers, on how they can help with the process Discuss technical solutions with clients and provide innovative new ideas and solutions Constantly seek to develop yourself by experimenting with new technologies and assess what could be useful for the team Conduct code reviews with fellow team members Consistently meet deadlines and have the ability to prioritize multiple projects Minimum 2-6 years’ web development experience in an agency or in-house setting Experience with WordPress a must, preferable to have experience with other content management systems as well (e.g., HubSpot, Adobe Experience Manager, Joomla, Drupal, Umbraco, Webflow, Contentful, ContentStack) Knowledge of email marketing platforms such as Marketo, Silverpop, HubSpot, Oracle Marketing Cloud (Eloqua), Salesforce Pardot Fluency in Adobe Creative Suite, Microsoft Office/Apple software (Word, PowerPoint, Keynote, Excel) and wireframing software (Figma, InVision, Sketch, Adobe XD, etc.) Experience working in B2B or business marketing in complex categories a plus 
ScrapedJobID349:
4+ years of modern JavaScript framework experience such as React, Vue, and Angular Exposure and working knowledge of the latest ES6+ features Experience consuming REST-style APIs in addition to single page application (SPA) experience Experience with build tools such as Webpack, Grunt, Gulp Experience with Vanilla CSS in addition to CSS framework such as Buefy, Vuetify, Bootstrap Server-side node.js experience Experience with CSS and SASS/SCSS Experience with CSS3/Sass features Comfortable working with a package manager such as NPM Mid-level experience with Git features: branching, merging, pull requests, etc Knowledge and syntactical proficiency of HTML5 spec Experience with GraphQL is considered an asset but not a requirement Ability to excel in a team environment Task oriented with an aptitude for complex, large scale projects Positive attitude Exceptional attention to detail A competitive starting salary Extended health, dental and vision benefits Training by successful managers (who have excelled in the job themselves) is provided at the onset and throughout your journey with Spring Financial 
ScrapedJobID350:
We have a 35.5 working hour week, each Friday we finish early so you can make the most of your weekend! Opportunity for international travel Health benefits Personal learning and development plan. Our ethos is learning - invest in your development. Structured review process: We believe it is important to get feedback, discuss your career and progression on a regular basis. Pension contributions 15 days paid holiday plus public holidays 
ScrapedJobID351:

ScrapedJobID352:
Use React and Material-Ui programming language in order to create user-friendly web pages Maintain and improve company website Work in a multidisciplinary team with other professionals such as back-end developers and web designers Build high-quality mockups and design different prototypes Provide high-quality graphics and visual elements Optimize our web applications for maximum speed Always stay consistent with our brand guidelines Make suggestions for better solutions to problems Keep abreast of the latest and emerging technologies Attend training and educations An interest in Ai modeling and data curation Excellent knowledge of browser troubleshooting and debugging practices and techniques Knowledge of some SEO principles 3-5 years of experience with markup languages Strong copywriting skills 3-5 years of experience with React,JavaScript, CSS and jQuery Knowledge of graphics software such as Adobe Suite, Photoshop etc. Sense of ownership and pride in your performance and its impact on company’s success Critical thinker and problem-solving skills Team player Good time-management skills Great interpersonal and communication skills BA in Computer Science or similar relevant field Bonus pay Flexible schedule Profit sharing 8 hour shift Overtime Bachelor's Degree (preferred) React: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID353:
Collaborate with your colleagues to implement and support user-facing web sites. Contribute to the development of modern, performant, and accessible web sites. Take responsibility for technical problem solving, including creatively meeting product objectives and developing best practices. Explore new technologies and processes to align with our customers' needs. Participate in planning to help map out and estimate development effort. 5+ years of web development experience. Well-versed with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and a modern JavaScript framework (React, Vue, Angular). Proficient knowledge of a back-end language as well as API’s (GraphQL, REST). Familiar with code versioning tools, such as Git. Interest in and aptitude for learning new technologies and skills. BS in Computer Science, related discipline, or equivalent degree. DevOps and understanding of CI/CD pipelines. Cloud service platforms (Azure, AWS). Scrum and agile based methodologies. Static site generators (GatsbyJS, Next.js, hugo). 
ScrapedJobID354:
Manage the marketing materials to meet high quality standards. Establish website strategies to support Veem goals. Set and implement strategies to grow qualified, profitable external traffic to our products and services, maximize sales and revenue, and meet other business objectives through various marketing strategies. Build landing pages. Recommend the suite of tools, technologies, automation and processes necessary for scaling our website efforts. Execute digital marketing strategies to support company sales lead generation, marketing and branding initiatives to include but not limited to the development and implementation of the following: SEO/SEM, Content Marketing, Marketing database campaigns, Web/online survey campaigns, Multiple call-to-action landing pages, Social media engagement. Implement high-end marketing pages with rich UI. You will bring a fundamental understanding of WordPress to your work and build high profile marketing pages. You will collaborate with our team to ensure that the goals are being met and that the delivery is of the highest standard. Convert designs into pixel-perfect responsive web pages. Work closely with our designers on implementing designs into code. Measure and optimize overall web page performances. Hands-on troubleshooting, debugging and fixing of issues during development and post-release. 3+ years as a WordPress Developer in a professional setting. Experience using Wordpress Engine as a managed hosting platform. Experience with HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, PHP, and MySQL. Ability to develop cutting edge WordPress themes & plugins that are efficient and seamless across environments. Experience working in other web development languages. Excellent troubleshooting and debugging skills Full-stack developer experience (we have other development projects that could be a fit). Startup experience (preferably in a company that grew substantially within the time worked) Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefits Package (Health, Dental, Medical, Vision) Group RRSP Plan (after 3 months) 3 weeks vacation Friday afternoon unwind 
ScrapedJobID355:
Creating Big Solutions - We are tackling interesting technology challenges as we get both the excitement and responsibility of building something from nothing. We’re Just the Right Size Team - We aren’t a megacorp nor are we a small ‘cowboy’ shop. We are just the right size for individuals that want to make a big impact, and want stability but don’t want to be a number. An Enjoyable Work Life - Though we take our work seriously, we believe a balance between concrete and time-bound project goals and a relaxed working environment that allows time for iteration and mental ‘white space’ is most conducive to great work Merit-based Compensation Package - Competitive pay based on a combination of market standards and your experience, an impact-weighted quarterly profit-sharing bonus program, and fully funded comprehensive health benefits plan Being the primary architect of the websites for Worksite Safety and it’s house of brands Collaborating with the Marketing team to launch AB/multivariate testing and integrate results in the CMS Collaborating with the customer facing and UI/UX teams to uncover areas of improvement Working with Marketing and Design on campaign related projects such as landing page designs and email marketing templates Meticulously developing ecommerce and landing pages for pixel perfect alignment to the prototype, cross-platform functionality, and page load time optimization A strong track record of success building modern web applications using the usual suspects (HTML, JS, CSS) Familiarity with CSS frameworks, specific experience with TailwindCSS an asset Enough PHP expertise to integrate CMS functionality into front-end templates Able to build UI using JavaScript frameworks (Vue.js/React.js) An understanding of accessibility standards, or a willingness to learn Comfortable with writing, editing, and maintaining Unit/Feature tests Eager to research and learn in a self-directed way Experience with Wordpress and Woocommerce an asset Experience with user interface design an asset 
ScrapedJobID356:
Extensive experience with JavaScript Exposure to modern ECMAScript features will be needed (e.g. Promises, async/await, classes, etc.) Experience with TypeScript Extensive experience building SPA web applications (JavaScript, DOM, CSS, etc. ) Extensive Exposure to one or more web dev frameworks (React, Vue, Angular, Ember) Knowledge of various state-management frameworks/techniques/approaches Experience working with browser JS APIs (e.g. DOM, postmessage, localstorage, etc.) Experience working with iframes You have experience working with design patterns and building composable software Knowledge of the node ecosystem and JavaScript tooling (e.g. babel, webpack, rollup, etc.) A version control tool and process (e.g. git and git-flow) Continuous delivery of cloud-based software 5+ years of experience in architecting Help build our Agent UI; focusing on composability and quality architecture Help modernize some of the legacy UIs we have into modern frameworks and architecture Work with other development teams; assisting them with using any cross-team architecture and in-house frameworks we develop Work with product and UX teams to field requests and build generic solutions that benefit all our customers/stakeholders Help with continuous delivery, tooling, scripts, etc. Involved in all aspects of software development from design to deployment Working with a talented, passionate team of developers Working with a modern tech stack (Cloud-based microservices platform, State-of-the-art webapp pipeline) Great culture (Weekly tech talks, meetups, workplace events/celebrations, movie outings, etc.) Team committed to work-life balance Ability to work from home or remotely as needed Annual budget for technical conferences and career development Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance Telehealth coverage Flexible work schedules and work from home opportunities Development and career growth opportunities Open Time Off 401(k) matching program Adoption Assistance Infertility treatments 
ScrapedJobID357:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls 
ScrapedJobID358:
Write, document, and maintain code Work with team members to review/analyze software requirements and functional specifications, evaluate technologies, and create implementation plans Work with the support team and customers as part of the product development lifecycle Validate and troubleshoot technical issues, both within the application code and outside of it Perform functional and regression testing, both manually and using automation tools, in multiple environments Participate in special projects and perform other duties as required Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience in software development Extensive experience designing and implement UI designs across a multitude of web platforms (desktop, tablet, mobile) and browsers Experience with UI design HTML5 and related technologies (CSS, Javascript APIs) Cross platform JavaScript (ECMAScript current and ES.Next. JavaScript Design Patterns) Front-end JavaScript frameworks and libraries (Vue.js) Ability to work with server side programming stacks (LAMP, GoLang) Familiarity with MS Windows development (.Net) Familiarity with build tools (Gulp, Webpack, Grunt, or like tools) Troubleshooting and analysis skills; Familiarity with QA tooling (Selenium, Jasmine, or like tools) Experience with working with data stores (SQL and noSQL) Familiarity with server side Linux, docker, as well as Apache or the like Proficient with Git or a similar source version control system Understanding of agile web software development methodologies, values, and procedures. Excellent communication (verbal and written), planning and time-management skills 
ScrapedJobID359:
Completion of University or College in Computer Science or related field 2+ years experience in software development or technical support role Proficiency in HTML/XHTML, XML/XSL, CSS and one of Java, C#, .NET, or batch processing Experience working on web applications, XML web services and/or web servers is an asset Understanding of relational data modeling and SQL proficiency in MS SQL Server or other DBMS Understanding of core programming concepts, theories and patterns Experience working with issue tracking tools and source control systems. The ability to handle multiple priorities and escalate to the reporting manager as necessary A strong team player with the ability to work with various teams including business analysts, QA and customer support Has strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills Willingness to adapt to business processes and driven to help improve them. Ability to communicate clearly and accurately in English, both verbal and written Experience with document management and production is an asset Experience working with SQL Server Integration Services is an asset Experience using JIRA, MS Sharepoint is considered an asset Experience working in a highly regulated business environment is an asset Configuration of Doxim’s digital document processing applications, IE. ECM, API setup, e-Notification, and document archiving. Assist clients in API portal integrations with Doxim products. Responsible for building and maintaining robust small and mid-sized statement composition projects. Communicate effectively with internal and external stakeholders to ensure that implementation meets agreed upon specifications. Apply your knowledge of the software development lifecycle and development best practices to produce high quality output in your projects. Understanding of the roles and responsibilities of the various members of a project team. Interpret customer requirements documentation and convert requirements into efficient and easily maintainable document design layouts. Working with project teams to define customer requirements and generate product solutions. Be an eager and collaborative member of a project team, with a firm understanding and appreciation for client commitments, and a proactive attitude towards identify and acting upon risk. Strong interpersonal skills to build relationships with internal stakeholders, to understand requirements, propose solutions, provide application support and provide some basic training. 
ScrapedJobID360:
A bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or similar A minimum of 1-2 years of proven work experience in software development Demonstrated experience in: NET; C#, ASP.NET Core SQL Server or MySQL Angular/React/Typescript; NodeJS Bootstrap/CSS; Cloud (Azure, AWS) Full stack web development Distributed scalable web systems and Web security/authentication; Demonstrated experience in solution development, facilitation of decision making, and team work Experience in all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Are client-delivery focused, and committed to working as a flexible extension to our clients to earn a place as their trusted advisor Possess superior written and verbal communication skills Have a natural curiosity towards gaining new understanding and broadening your knowledge base Are skilled in managing and prioritizing multiple projects and competing deadlines Have strong analytical and problem-solving skills. 
ScrapedJobID361:
Small dedicated teams with lots of freedom on how you get your work done Work from home and/or from our fancy new office! Full health benefits Never work on your birthday! Minimum 1 year experience with jQuery / Javascipt Minimum 1 year experience with Drupal Minimum 1 year experience with HTML5 Minimum 1 year experience with CSS (CSS3 preferred) Experience with Git is mandatory Experience with Sass/Compass an asset Experience with Bootstrap.js an asset Experience with node.js an asset Experience with Zen theme an asset Experience with Twitter Bootstrap an asset Computer science or equivalent post-secondary education Ability to work remotely Self-motivated Exceptional organizational skills French and English an asset 
ScrapedJobID362:
Dental care Disability insurance Flexible schedule Life insurance Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID363:

ScrapedJobID364:
Design, develop, and lead features with high quality Rapidly ideate and prototype proof-of-concepts Assess new technologies, tools, and infrastructure to stay on the forefront of innovation Collaborate with teams both, locally and globally Embrace lean and agile software development principles Degree in Computer Science or related field 2-3 years of professional development experience Experience with Web UI development (HTML/CSS/JavaScript/TypeScript/jQuery) Experience with JavaScript framework (Angular/Node.js/react/redux) Strong sense of drive, urgency, and ownership 
ScrapedJobID365:
Job Description Java Developer Hands on software development experience working on Multi-tier Web based applications Excellent core Java skills Experience with Sprint Boot RESTful services Java Messaging MQ JMS Good SQL skills with experience in any of the RDBMS databases Good knowledge of design patterns with excellent problem-solving skills Professional precise communication skills with client interaction Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID366:
Creating/modifying the look, layout, feel, functionality and features of front-end web portals and Power BI dashboards. Interfacing front end GUIs with data from Microsoft SQL Server database and/or AWS Redshift data tables. Work with clients and project managers to support user interface design and user experience design of web portals. Determine appropriate architecture, and other technical solutions, and make relevant recommendations. Develop and maintain robust Webstyle guides for all consumer and business-facing products. Operate within a team environment delegating workload with other individuals and external partners. Work within an agile development framework in defining and prioritizing sprint plans. 6 years experience in relevant field. Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field, or significant equivalent experience. Three years minimum experience with HTML/XHTML and CSS. Three years minimum experience with developing data analytic graphical interfaces and infographic dashboards (UI/UX design). Extensive experience in development using the Python web framework Django. Experience in programming and systems development and design. Experience in web development using MVC framework. Experience trouble shooting and resolving technical issues. Strong proficiency in Python/SQL. Comfort in collaborative development using source code control (git). Experienced with Power BI. Knowledge of SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) packages. Experienced with Amazon AWS architecture and cloud-based solutions. Knowledge of browser compatibility across multiple platforms and devices. 
ScrapedJobID367:
Implement useful user interfaces to help our users do what they need to do. Propose novel solutions for fixing bugs so that they never happen again. Write automated tests, follow good software practices to build robust software, and help us iteratively improve the way we do things. Have several years of experience coding front-end applications. Experience with specific languages is nice-to-have but not required. Are able to take a design, empathize with how the user will experience it, and recommend changes that can both improve that experience and make it easier to build and maintain. Possess a strong ability to take an idea for a product and turn it into code. Display strong communication skills so you can collaborate easily with your teammates. Have Typescript or static typing experience. Are familiar with Web Components, Shadow DOM. Have Python experience (even better if you have Django or some other ORM). Have experience with the UNIX toolchain; most of our code runs in a Linux environment and it's useful to know how to work with these. Are comfortable taking the lead on your responsibilities, driving them forward, and helping other developers do the same. A very competitive compensation package. We want the best! A great health benefits program. The opportunity to work fully remote, with a budget to set up your perfect home office. Paid coaching and mentorship of your choice to grow your skills and career. A place where you will be free to be yourself, where you will be able to express your creativity, where you will be listened to, and where you will have a chance to play a part in redefining work. Work with a team that wants you to succeed, managers that want you to grow, and a company that values its people. TypeScript and Web Components for the client-side, implemented via LitElement. Python and Django for the server-side. Anything that you think will help us do better. We’re not hard-set on any specific technology and are always happy to explore new options. 
ScrapedJobID368:
2 ans d’expérience solide en développement logiciel De l'expérience en développement web (C#, ASP.NET Core) Une connaissance du développement Web front-end en utilisant JavaScript ainsi que les frameworks front-end modernes tels que Angular, React ou Vue.js La conception et le développement de solutions orientées objet n'ont plus de secret pour toi Connaissance et compréhension solides des systèmes de bases de données relationnelles et du langage SQL Un horaire flexible de 37,5h/semaine La possibilité de travailler dans le confort de ta maison, quand le projet le permet évidemment (en télétravail à 100% jusqu’à nouvel ordre, et en moyenne à 50% après la pandémie) Un régime de retraite et un programme d’assurances complet Des congés supplémentaires à Noël! Un stationnement gratuit Événements sociaux. Que dirais-tu de tir à l'arc, de lancer de la hache, ou de jeux vidéo en équipe en télétravail? Et bien plus! A solid 2 years of experience in software development To have enjoyed some experience in web development (C#, ASP.NET Core) To have a knowledge of front-end web development which include but aren’t limited to HTML5, CSS and JavaScript languages or JavaScript framework like Angular, React or Vue.JS Designing and Developing object-oriented solutions hold no secrets for you as you’ve been there and done that Knowledge of Relational Databases and SQL language A flexible 37.5 hours/week schedule Ability to work in your comfy clothes from home, well, when the project allows for it of course (working 100% remotely until further notice, and an average of 50% after the pandemic) A comprehensive group insurance plan and retirement savings plan Extra days off at Christmas! Free parking Fun social events. Archery anyone? Or when working remotely, playing video games as a team? And much more! 
ScrapedJobID369:
Core Java Multithreaded development Understands and uses OO concepts Automated Unit and Integration testing experience Maven, Git, Teamcity Able to communicate clearly Swing development experience (plus) Web development with JavaScript (React) (big plus) Financial industry experience specifically with execution and/or order management systems is a plus SQL is a plus Distributed caching (plus) 
ScrapedJobID370:
Are an accomplished storyteller who understands how to break through the clutter with engaging content Are a quick study when it comes to the adoption and mastery of software and technology Strong knowledge of User experience (UX) and user interface (UI) design Are knowledgeable with Google Analytics (or related). How else do you know if you are reaching your goals? Have 5+ years of experience in web development, digital marketing, ideally within a charitable organization Have solid knowledge of HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript. REACT and JSON is a plus. Have experience working with content management systems like Luminate Online, Team Raiser, and Raiser’s Edge Have strong knowledge of testing protocols Champion the growth of our overall digital marketing efforts. Be an ace web developer with expertise in Wordpress. Bring a creative and innovative approach to attracting new donors with outside the norm ideas Be able to look at data and web analytics and make sound/logical decisions based on what they see Think critically about strategy as well as be comfortable making suggestions to improve any area of the business Have strong interpersonal skills, ability to work well in a team, build off the ideas of others, and be open to constructive feedback on their work Identify and suggest new innovative strategies to increase the number of donors, as well as build on existing initiatives Work closely with leadership in the creation and delivery of all marketing strategies, including (but not limited to) creative ideas regarding our existing websites, current marketing channels and social media Act as an Ambassador throughout the Community, positively representing the Hospital and the Foundation Maintain and optimize Foundation website and execute a strategy to optimize CMS Develop and measure mass email communication templates to donors and stakeholders Participate in the development of policies, rules and controls to ensure the data entered and contained in the donation (RE/RE NXT) database is integrated with online tools Implement data standards on contact information to ensure all e-blasts communication material meet the personal information & privacy regulations and mailing standards Assist in the preparation of an annual plan of measurable goals and strategies to maximize the fundraising initiatives and campaigns Casual dress Company events Hybrid working from home/office arrangements Competitive health benefits and pension package 
ScrapedJobID371:
Challenge the status quo through innovative thinking and technology developments to create life-changing accessible experiences for those who need it Build web apps with your knowledge of programming and architecture principles, including scaling Design and build UI features that deliver a consistent, repeatable and superior customer experience Prioritize accessibility, user experience, and ethics in design and quality of data when implementing code Understand how software is used in the field and keep ahead of the latest and emerging technologies Maintain a “We win as a team” mentality to uphold a positive, inclusive and coaching culture Experience with full-stack web development with 2 or more years of practical experience Familiarity with the most recent tools and libraries and understanding of underlying principles Willingness to work with our stack (below) and a drive to suggest improvements JavaScript, TypeScript, CSS, HTML, Sass NodeJS, MongoDB, Angular Webpack, Rollup Jasmine, puppeteer TSLint/ESLint, Git Docker, K8S, AWS Ability to communicate complex ideas clearly, and to listen carefully to the needs and experiences of others Demonstrable problem-solving ability Excellent written and verbal communication skills People before process, team spirit Understanding of web accessibility Prior experience building scalable applications for the cloud Experience designing and building UI features that deliver a consistent, repeatable and superior customer experience Knowledge of any of the following: AWS services, K8S, Terraform, Salt/Puppet/Chef/Ansible Competitive salary Healthcare benefits effective from first day of employment 3 weeks of vacation to start Stock options Passionate group of coworkers who are performance driven and aligned to the company’s success Growth opportunity as the company scales Fully remote 
ScrapedJobID372:
Develop and maintain modular front-end components within a library used by all of our products; Develop new application modules (micro-frontends) for our web platforms; Participate in the continuous evolution of our application platforms; Support and maintain our current solutions. Participation in the agile scrum development process; Pair programming, code review; Collaboration with other teams (Back-end developers, integrators, designers, content managers, mobile developers) Main technologies: Javascript Fundamentals + ES6 React (intermediate level) Experience in the development of applications or application modules (SPA with SSR) Experience with “States management” (Context API, Redux, etc.) Experience with recent React developments (hooks, Suspense, etc.) Node + npm (yarn) Git or equivalent versioning system HTML; CSS / SCSS. SASS / SCSS Angular 2.x Java Spring & Spring Boot Hibernate MySql Elasticsearch, MongoDB, Redis Application servers (Tomcat, Apache, Nginx) REST and / or micro-service oriented architecture Work in a Cloud context (Amazon Web Services or equivalent) You are comfortable with HTML and CSS, responsiveness and compatibility issues between different web browsers. You have demonstrated, through past experiences, good problem-solving skills, autonomy, versatility, resourcefulness, attention to detail, an ability to work under pressure and in a team. You are comfortable designing and configuring distributed systems. You have good verbal and written communication skills in French and a working knowledge of English. Work in a cloud context (Amazon Web Services or equivalent). Experience with agile methodologies. 3 years of experience in the field. Located in Griffintown near public transportation Hybrid work: In the office and teleworking Full group insurance from day 1 Unlimited virtual medical clinic for you and your family Flexible hours Computer equipment provided for your home and office Beautiful work environment, open and modern ambiance Social activities, Team dinners, and more! 
ScrapedJobID373:
Building digital products like websites, micro sites, web applications, interactive visualizations and apps for a broad range of clients Maintaining code from planning to building through testing, deployment and updates Delivering either just the front end or the CMS portion of a project in collaboration with another developer, or delivering the whole project Working closely with UX and creative directors, designers, developers, and other specialists to estimate and deliver projects Motivated to learn about your craft Passionate about clean, maintainable code Interested in a user’s actual experience as much as code passing tests A visual thinker who cares about quality and design Obsessed with performance Confident in communicating your ideas and able to collaborate and discuss work with designers 3+ years’ working experience Ability to accurately turn prototypes and mockups into living interfaces and ask the right questions as they’re designed Deep knowledge of CSS and SASS Ability to work with common CMS systems and frameworks depending on the need – common platforms like WordPress or Squarespace, or spinning up a lightweight custom solution Good JavaScript knowledge – you can traverse the DOM, plus you know when a library is useful vs. when it’s not Comfortable with Git and the command line Experience with automation and build systems, ideally Gulp, Webpack An eye for details Front end framework skills Headless CMS skills e.g., Gatsby Data visualization skills UI design 
ScrapedJobID374:
Implementing custom integration application using C# .NET. Implementing XML, JSON data transformation applications using C# .NET. Implementing Webservices (SOAP, REST and ASP .Net Web API) using C# .NET. Keeping yourself and the team up to date with emerging technological trends Identifying areas of our platform that need refactoring for performance, design, reliability or scalability reasons. Assisting to implement software development processes among our development teams. Working as a team with other developers and helping continuously improve team dynamics Performing peer code reviews for other team members. Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or a comparable university level program Minimum 5 years’ experience developing production web applications (any platform) Minimum 5 year developing applications in C# and .NET required Minimum 5 years using .Net Fundamentals SDLC basics, Development patterns, Knowledge of common libraries, IO, Formatting, data conversion Minimum 5 years developing applications using ASP .Net ASP .Net Web basics (Request, Response, Page lifecycle, Register JS scripts, Validation, Forms etc.), Web . Config configuration and security Minimum 5 years developing Custom integration applications using File based Import, XML based import, JSON based import, Web API, Webservices Minimum 5 years developing applications using WCF Data Contracts, Service Contracts, Message, Configuration, Error handling, Security, Authentication, Building Clients Minimum 5 years developing applications using ASP .Net Web API Data Models, Controllers, Routing, Configuration, Error handling, Security, Authentication, Building Clients Strong object oriented design and programming knowledge using C# and .NET 4.5, ADO, NHibernate, Entity Framework, Dependency Injection (e.g. Ninject, Autofac, etc.) Experience with unit testing Strong knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server (programming with T-SQL) Table Joins, SQL Server basic functions, SQL Server embedded functions/variables, Stored Procedures and functions, Query Optimization, Profiler, Execution Plan knowledge Strong knowledge of the Microsoft Windows Server platform, including IIS, WCF and MSMQ Experience with performance profiling and monitoring tools (ANTS, Microsoft, Dynatrace, New Relic, Lean Sentry, DataDog etc.) Working knowledge of source control like Team Foundation Server, GitHub and Azure Dev Ops Experience working with Microsoft Azure, service bus etc. Application deployment and support experience Experience working in a team environment Excellent verbal and written communication skills Building on excellence: More than well-established, we’ve been excelling for more than 30 years and we’re still growing in an international market with immense potential. We offer elite solutions in an industry that is rapidly adopting technology and innovation to drive efficiency, reliability, sustainability and competitive advantages. And we deliver those on all fronts. Variety: If you are looking for a job with the “same old daily routine”, this is not it. You will be working across all phases of the application life cycle on a variety of solutions tailored to diverse customer environments. You’ll get to face new challenges and flex a lot of different muscles. Rewards & balance: We combine competitive compensation with a generous benefits package. We’re likeminded professionals collaborating in a relaxed work place with a family-like atmosphere. We empower professional development, promote personal growth and reimburse for educational opportunities. We’re involved in our community and embrace volunteerism. We like that mix - and you will too. The respect and recognition you deserve: As a key member of an elite team, you’ll be respected as a driver of excellence for a ground-breaking solution. Unlike others who bury key contributors in the underbelly of a corporate cubicle culture, we proudly give our people the props they deserve. That’s one of the many reasons why we have one of the lowest turnover rates in our industry. 
ScrapedJobID375:
Design, build and test web-based applications and edit site content for various components using content management system CMS. Create and manage web pages, add edit content and upload remove documents using CMS. Maintain website standards and comply with predefined design guidelines. Utilize best practices in web screen design and learn about different middleware platforms to source and update data through web screens as specified in functional requirements Work closely with design, business, and technical counterparts 4+ years of experience working on Mobile Frontend Development 3+ years of professional hands-on React JS/React Native Development experience Must be bilingual (Proficiency in French and English) Proficiency in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React Native, AngularJS, React JS and jQuery. Proficiency in Cross-browser and device testing and understanding of web performance optimization (WPO) and Search engine optimization (SEO) principles Strong communication and organizational skills with an ability to thrive in a fast-paced production deadline-driven environment both internal and client facing Ability to solve complex development problems and produce the highest quality code while striving to push the technical boundaries of online applications Cloud certifications with any major cloud provider: Google, AWS or AZURE for Cloud Platform and Infrastructure Banking industry experience Competitive benefits, including a fair and balanced parental leave policy. Fantastic opportunities to develop your career across industries, local and global clients Performance Achievement and Career Mentorship – our performance management process that focuses on your strengths, progress and career possibilities. Opportunities to get involved in corporate citizenship initiatives, from volunteering to doing charity work. 
ScrapedJobID376:
Are an accomplished storyteller who understands how to break through the clutter with engaging content Are a quick study when it comes to the adoption and mastery of software and technology Strong knowledge of User experience (UX) and user interface (UI) design Are knowledgeable with Google Analytics (or related). How else do you know if you are reaching your goals? Have 5+ years of experience in web development, digital marketing, ideally within a charitable organization Have solid knowledge of HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript. REACT and JSON is a plus. Have experience working with content management systems like Luminate Online, Team Raiser, and Raiser’s Edge Have strong knowledge of testing protocols Champion the growth of our overall digital marketing efforts. Be an ace web developer with expertise in Wordpress. Bring a creative and innovative approach to attracting new donors with outside the norm ideas Be able to look at data and web analytics and make sound/logical decisions based on what they see Think critically about strategy as well as be comfortable making suggestions to improve any area of the business Have strong interpersonal skills, ability to work well in a team, build off the ideas of others, and be open to constructive feedback on their work Identify and suggest new innovative strategies to increase the number of donors, as well as build on existing initiatives Work closely with leadership in the creation and delivery of all marketing strategies, including (but not limited to) creative ideas regarding our existing websites, current marketing channels and social media Act as an Ambassador throughout the Community, positively representing the Hospital and the Foundation Maintain and optimize Foundation website and execute a strategy to optimize CMS Develop and measure mass email communication templates to donors and stakeholders Participate in the development of policies, rules and controls to ensure the data entered and contained in the donation (RE/RE NXT) database is integrated with online tools Implement data standards on contact information to ensure all e-blasts communication material meet the personal information & privacy regulations and mailing standards Assist in the preparation of an annual plan of measurable goals and strategies to maximize the fundraising initiatives and campaigns Casual dress Company events Hybrid working from home/office arrangements Competitive health benefits and pension package 
ScrapedJobID377:
Challenge the status quo through innovative thinking and technology developments to create life-changing accessible experiences for those who need it Build web apps with your knowledge of programming and architecture principles, including scaling Design and build UI features that deliver a consistent, repeatable and superior customer experience Prioritize accessibility, user experience, and ethics in design and quality of data when implementing code Understand how software is used in the field and keep ahead of the latest and emerging technologies Maintain a “We win as a team” mentality to uphold a positive, inclusive and coaching culture Experience with full-stack web development with 2 or more years of practical experience Familiarity with the most recent tools and libraries and understanding of underlying principles Willingness to work with our stack (below) and a drive to suggest improvements JavaScript, TypeScript, CSS, HTML, Sass NodeJS, MongoDB, Angular Webpack, Rollup Jasmine, puppeteer TSLint/ESLint, Git Docker, K8S, AWS Ability to communicate complex ideas clearly, and to listen carefully to the needs and experiences of others Demonstrable problem-solving ability Excellent written and verbal communication skills People before process, team spirit Understanding of web accessibility Prior experience building scalable applications for the cloud Experience designing and building UI features that deliver a consistent, repeatable and superior customer experience Knowledge of any of the following: AWS services, K8S, Terraform, Salt/Puppet/Chef/Ansible Competitive salary Healthcare benefits effective from first day of employment 3 weeks of vacation to start Stock options Passionate group of coworkers who are performance driven and aligned to the company’s success Growth opportunity as the company scales Fully remote 
ScrapedJobID378:
Develop and maintain modular front-end components within a library used by all of our products; Develop new application modules (micro-frontends) for our web platforms; Participate in the continuous evolution of our application platforms; Support and maintain our current solutions. Participation in the agile scrum development process; Pair programming, code review; Collaboration with other teams (Back-end developers, integrators, designers, content managers, mobile developers) Main technologies: Javascript Fundamentals + ES6 React (intermediate level) Experience in the development of applications or application modules (SPA with SSR) Experience with “States management” (Context API, Redux, etc.) Experience with recent React developments (hooks, Suspense, etc.) Node + npm (yarn) Git or equivalent versioning system HTML; CSS / SCSS. SASS / SCSS Angular 2.x Java Spring & Spring Boot Hibernate MySql Elasticsearch, MongoDB, Redis Application servers (Tomcat, Apache, Nginx) REST and / or micro-service oriented architecture Work in a Cloud context (Amazon Web Services or equivalent) You are comfortable with HTML and CSS, responsiveness and compatibility issues between different web browsers. You have demonstrated, through past experiences, good problem-solving skills, autonomy, versatility, resourcefulness, attention to detail, an ability to work under pressure and in a team. You are comfortable designing and configuring distributed systems. You have good verbal and written communication skills in French and a working knowledge of English. Work in a cloud context (Amazon Web Services or equivalent). Experience with agile methodologies. 3 years of experience in the field. Located in Griffintown near public transportation Hybrid work: In the office and teleworking Full group insurance from day 1 Unlimited virtual medical clinic for you and your family Flexible hours Computer equipment provided for your home and office Beautiful work environment, open and modern ambiance Social activities, Team dinners, and more! 
ScrapedJobID379:
Building digital products like websites, micro sites, web applications, interactive visualizations and apps for a broad range of clients Maintaining code from planning to building through testing, deployment and updates Delivering either just the front end or the CMS portion of a project in collaboration with another developer, or delivering the whole project Working closely with UX and creative directors, designers, developers, and other specialists to estimate and deliver projects Motivated to learn about your craft Passionate about clean, maintainable code Interested in a user’s actual experience as much as code passing tests A visual thinker who cares about quality and design Obsessed with performance Confident in communicating your ideas and able to collaborate and discuss work with designers 3+ years’ working experience Ability to accurately turn prototypes and mockups into living interfaces and ask the right questions as they’re designed Deep knowledge of CSS and SASS Ability to work with common CMS systems and frameworks depending on the need – common platforms like WordPress or Squarespace, or spinning up a lightweight custom solution Good JavaScript knowledge – you can traverse the DOM, plus you know when a library is useful vs. when it’s not Comfortable with Git and the command line Experience with automation and build systems, ideally Gulp, Webpack An eye for details Front end framework skills Headless CMS skills e.g., Gatsby Data visualization skills UI design 
ScrapedJobID380:
Implementing custom integration application using C# .NET. Implementing XML, JSON data transformation applications using C# .NET. Implementing Webservices (SOAP, REST and ASP .Net Web API) using C# .NET. Keeping yourself and the team up to date with emerging technological trends Identifying areas of our platform that need refactoring for performance, design, reliability or scalability reasons. Assisting to implement software development processes among our development teams. Working as a team with other developers and helping continuously improve team dynamics Performing peer code reviews for other team members. Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or a comparable university level program Minimum 5 years’ experience developing production web applications (any platform) Minimum 5 year developing applications in C# and .NET required Minimum 5 years using .Net Fundamentals SDLC basics, Development patterns, Knowledge of common libraries, IO, Formatting, data conversion Minimum 5 years developing applications using ASP .Net ASP .Net Web basics (Request, Response, Page lifecycle, Register JS scripts, Validation, Forms etc.), Web . Config configuration and security Minimum 5 years developing Custom integration applications using File based Import, XML based import, JSON based import, Web API, Webservices Minimum 5 years developing applications using WCF Data Contracts, Service Contracts, Message, Configuration, Error handling, Security, Authentication, Building Clients Minimum 5 years developing applications using ASP .Net Web API Data Models, Controllers, Routing, Configuration, Error handling, Security, Authentication, Building Clients Strong object oriented design and programming knowledge using C# and .NET 4.5, ADO, NHibernate, Entity Framework, Dependency Injection (e.g. Ninject, Autofac, etc.) Experience with unit testing Strong knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server (programming with T-SQL) Table Joins, SQL Server basic functions, SQL Server embedded functions/variables, Stored Procedures and functions, Query Optimization, Profiler, Execution Plan knowledge Strong knowledge of the Microsoft Windows Server platform, including IIS, WCF and MSMQ Experience with performance profiling and monitoring tools (ANTS, Microsoft, Dynatrace, New Relic, Lean Sentry, DataDog etc.) Working knowledge of source control like Team Foundation Server, GitHub and Azure Dev Ops Experience working with Microsoft Azure, service bus etc. Application deployment and support experience Experience working in a team environment Excellent verbal and written communication skills Building on excellence: More than well-established, we’ve been excelling for more than 30 years and we’re still growing in an international market with immense potential. We offer elite solutions in an industry that is rapidly adopting technology and innovation to drive efficiency, reliability, sustainability and competitive advantages. And we deliver those on all fronts. Variety: If you are looking for a job with the “same old daily routine”, this is not it. You will be working across all phases of the application life cycle on a variety of solutions tailored to diverse customer environments. You’ll get to face new challenges and flex a lot of different muscles. Rewards & balance: We combine competitive compensation with a generous benefits package. We’re likeminded professionals collaborating in a relaxed work place with a family-like atmosphere. We empower professional development, promote personal growth and reimburse for educational opportunities. We’re involved in our community and embrace volunteerism. We like that mix - and you will too. The respect and recognition you deserve: As a key member of an elite team, you’ll be respected as a driver of excellence for a ground-breaking solution. Unlike others who bury key contributors in the underbelly of a corporate cubicle culture, we proudly give our people the props they deserve. That’s one of the many reasons why we have one of the lowest turnover rates in our industry. 
ScrapedJobID381:
Design, build and test web-based applications and edit site content for various components using content management system CMS. Create and manage web pages, add edit content and upload remove documents using CMS. Maintain website standards and comply with predefined design guidelines. Utilize best practices in web screen design and learn about different middleware platforms to source and update data through web screens as specified in functional requirements Work closely with design, business, and technical counterparts 4+ years of experience working on Mobile Frontend Development 3+ years of professional hands-on React JS/React Native Development experience Must be bilingual (Proficiency in French and English) Proficiency in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React Native, AngularJS, React JS and jQuery. Proficiency in Cross-browser and device testing and understanding of web performance optimization (WPO) and Search engine optimization (SEO) principles Strong communication and organizational skills with an ability to thrive in a fast-paced production deadline-driven environment both internal and client facing Ability to solve complex development problems and produce the highest quality code while striving to push the technical boundaries of online applications Cloud certifications with any major cloud provider: Google, AWS or AZURE for Cloud Platform and Infrastructure Banking industry experience Competitive benefits, including a fair and balanced parental leave policy. Fantastic opportunities to develop your career across industries, local and global clients Performance Achievement and Career Mentorship – our performance management process that focuses on your strengths, progress and career possibilities. Opportunities to get involved in corporate citizenship initiatives, from volunteering to doing charity work. 
ScrapedJobID382:
Proficiency in a web development language, such as Python, Golang, PHP or Ruby Experience with Javascript, preferably Angular, TypeScript, ES6 or other common JS frameworks Experience with relational databases and SQL, preferably MySQL Linux experience Background or interest in web engineering at scale Ideally, a Github page with contributions to open source software Tertiary Degree in Computer Science / Engineering (or related) 
ScrapedJobID383:
At least 3 years of professional experience in software engineering, including some experience with consumer web apps Experience developing, and implementing product features and improvements .Net experience preferred Familiarity with backend engineering techniques Excited to explore technologies, develop new skills, and share knowledge Flexible, pragmatic, and oriented toward finding solutions Experience working with microservice architecture a plus Familiarity with GraphQL a plus Ability to work with a distributed team (Toronto, New York City, Salt Lake City, Ukraine) Communicative, collaborative, and open-minded, with a track record of working cross-functionally 
ScrapedJobID384:
A profound respect for user privacy and information security. Experience with contributing to the complete development lifecycle of a project from initial planning, through development, and into customer support. A critical eye for detail while understanding that perfect is the enemy of good. Consideration for code quality with an ability to deliver appropriate and effective feedback to teammates. A willingness to make “someone else’s problem” into “your problem”. A strong understanding of how servers and clients interact, API design, and efficient database design. Experience working in any modern server-side language, with bonus points for Go (which is what we use). Demonstrate abilities in other server-side languages and we trust that you will learn Go just fine. Experience building web applications with JavaScript. Familiarity with Typescript and modern frameworks like React (both of which we use) are certainly nice, but not required. The most important part of this job is approaching new challenges with curiosity and the drive to fix root causes, not paper over symptoms. We provide mentorship opportunities to those who want it, and support professional development on the job, with a budget to back it up. If you bring a desire to do the right thing for our customers, a sense of ownership over the product you work on, and a focus on shipping quality code, we want to hear from you. To assist with designing, building, deploying, and support new and existing features in key areas including our client web application, command-line tool, integrations, security reporting, billing system, developer tooling, and more. To write a lot of Go and/or Typescript with robust unit and integration tests. To document the decisions you make when creating new features so the rest of your team members can follow along. To keep security and privacy front of mind in all aspects of your work. A collaborative group where the team succeeds as a whole. We understand that balance is important in life and deeply value our supportive and flexible work environment. Remote-first environment with flexible working hours to accommodate work-life balance Competitive salary, a comprehensive benefits package, and RRSP or 401K match program Employee Stock Options Program Flexible vacation and time off including additional personal and sick days Wellness programs, Employee Assistance Program and an annual wellness allowance Paid parental leave programs Professional development and peer recognition opportunities Company swag and a free family 1Password subscription (and a discount for friends!) 
ScrapedJobID385:
Simplifying complex problems Both verbal and written communication Collaborating with key stakeholders from business and other technology team Education in Computer Science or relevant experience. The ability to extend existing and build new (SOAP, REST)-based web services and applications with JavaScript, Python, and Django. Strong front-end development skills in AngularJS, Angular, React, jQuery, HTML5, and CSS3 4+ years of professional experience as a Developer Proven skills in design/architecture of large complex applications Had direct interaction with APIs and participate in the planning of API development Experience in productionizing NodeJS servers Experience with version control systems (GIT and TFS), including code merging and branching Prioritizing your well-being (Wellness Program, flexible health benefits, employee assistance) Promoting balance (flexible schedules, generous time off, and work from home options) Supporting your financial health (employee share purchase plan, pension plans, discount on staff insurance) Helping you grow in your career (education assistance, internal mobility) Caring about the community and the causes you believe in (donation matching, team volunteering) 
ScrapedJobID386:
This group performs some or all of the following duties: Consult with clients to develop and document Web site requirements Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Develop Web site architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Web site Create and optimize content for the Web site using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls May lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Web site graphics, content, capacity and interactivity May research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products. Copy of portfolio or relevant work examples Cover letter Link to web portfolio Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID387:
8 hour shift Java: 3 years (preferred) JavaScript: 3 years (preferred) Node.js: 4 years (required) React: 4 years (required) Angular: 4 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID388:
How to work with Data Intensive Systems How to use queue-based systems like Redis, Kafka, and Pulsar Kubernetes Fundamentals around Deployment and various architecture patterns How to work with Machine Learning models The basics of building and training Machine Learning models React Experience – 1-5 years NodeJS Experience – 1-5 years Cloud Experience – 1+ years Experience with any testing framework Some familiarity with Python Familiarity with Containerization concepts Significant Python Experience Experience with Three.js Experience with Charting/Visualization packages, either in JavaScript or Python. (d3.js, plotly.js, matplotlib, etc.) Experience with distributed systems and Microservices development Experience with Kubernetes Test Driven Development Experience Experience building ETL pipelines Performance Profiling experience, especially in Python 
ScrapedJobID389:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls XML Visual Basic VB Script PHP Object-Oriented programming languages MySQL Java JavaScript HTML DHTML C++ Basic Objective-C Python Basic security clearance Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Tight deadlines Spreadsheet Oracle MS Windows Internet JavaOS Networking software Networking hardware Networking security Intranet Servers File management software Security software Programming software HTML editing software Programming languages Software development MS Office Desktop applications Multimedia software Computer-aided design (CAD) C# .NET Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID390:
4+ years experience writing software, preferably in web-development. 2+ years experience working with Ruby on Rails with an advanced/expert understanding of the framework. Knowledge of Bootstrap, CSS, and JavaScript. 2+ years of experience working on the delivery of large, cross-functional projects. Experience leading and/or mentoring junior developers. Experience working in each stage of the software development lifecycle, i.e., requirements gathering to maintain the application in production environments. Strong software development fundamentals including data structures and algorithms. Strong understanding of unit testing and system/integration testing. Willingness to spend time researching solutions and working with new technologies. Sharp analytical abilities and design skills. Highly adaptable - a typical day can require multiple context-switches given the nature of a startup. Experience working with AWS services, e.g. RDS, ECS, API Gateway, Lambda, CloudFormation. We make heavy use of AWS in our infrastructure. Experience with RSpec or any other test framework relevant to Ruby on Rails. Experience coding in Kotlin. Experience developing integrations with external services (e.g., Microsoft Teams apps, Zoom apps, Slack apps). Experience or interest in machine learning. Experience working in a startup. Being based out of the Greater Toronto Area would be an asset. Start date: As soon as possible. Employment type: Full-time. Location: Remote (our tech & product team is mainly located in Toronto, Canada). Compensation: $100k-$125K CAD, depending on experience. 15 paid vacation/personal/sick days. 10 additional paid vacation days per year after 2 years at Pavestep. Your birthday off. Your significant other’s birthday off. Every 4th Friday of the month off. Every 2nd Friday of the month is half day. No work communications during off-hours $65 CAD monthly education allowance. $650 CAD annual technology allowance. Annual company retreats. Coverage/reimbursement for healthcare/dental/insurance. Step 1: Complete the application. Step 2: 30-minute introductory call. Step 3: 1-hour technical interview with collaborative “whiteboard” session. Step 4: 15-minute behavioural interview. Step 5: Offer letter! Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Work from home Monday to Friday How many years of work experience do you have using Ruby on Rails? How many years of software development experience do you have? How many years of experience do you have leading/mentoring junior developers? Do you have any experience developing application integrations with Zoom, Slack, Microsoft Teams, and/or Microsoft Outlook? Do you have any experience with Kotlin? Yes 
ScrapedJobID391:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls 
ScrapedJobID392:
Design, build, test and deploy new features for our web application Produce easy to read and maintain code Participate in sprint planning sessions with the team Participate in story evaluation sessions with the team Demonstrate your work to the product’s stakeholders Review peer code and architecture 4+ years experience as a front-end developer In depth knowledge of JavaScript, including ES6 In depth knowledge of CSS3 and semantic HTML Experience with modern JavaScript frameworks, especially React and React Hooks Familiarity with modern UI/UX, Accessibility, Responsive Design Understanding of WAI-ARIA, WCAG standards, Microdata/Microformats, SVGs Tools and Processes: GIT, Docker, NPM, Continuous Integration, JIRA, GSuite Experience or appreciation for Agile mindset and methodology Have deployed code to production that is utilized by thousands of users Experience working with automation and continuous integration tools Experience working with APIs and single page applications Experience with unit tests, integration tests, performance tests and tuning to enable high performance / low latency experiences Experience working fully remote with a distributed team Experience working for a SaaS company Experience working with startup and small teams Must be legally eligible to work in Canada as an employee Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English Remote work Flexible work hours Comprehensive benefits package (health, dental, vision care) An amazing rewards and recognition platform; we’ll help you achieve not just your career goals, but your personal goals as well! 
ScrapedJobID393:
Generate revenue through design and production of digital advertising products. Produce innovative visual concepts and presentations to support sales initiatives, pitches and RFPs. Collaborate with agencies and clients to provide premium creative ad solutions and guidance. Ensure digital ad formats meet creative and technical specifications. Work on integrated campaigns involving Sales, Marketing and Editorial teams Passion for digital design and media 3 to 5 years of experience in a digital design/development role Proficient in HTML5/CSS3 and Adobe Creative Suite Practical knowledge of Javascript, Jquery Experience with ad servers such as Google Ad Manager Familiarity with creative platforms, e.g. Celtra or Sizmek Demonstrated ability to work on multiple projects under tight deadlines Must include a portfolio with application 
ScrapedJobID394:
Expert with PHP, SQL Databases and Apache, Linux JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, & CSS Hands-on experience with content management systems: WordPress, WooCommerce Drupal, or Joomla or PHP Framework Laravel Able to setup a complete development environment (production, staging, dev) Understand domain registration, DNS and SSL encryption Experience with CDN, proxies and implemented caching strategies Implement code and performance optimizations Experience working with third-party API integrations & OAuth for CRM software (e.g. Hubspot and Zoho) Bonus if candidate can code with SEO in mind Able to take ownership of the development, optimization and maintenance of the Accuenergy website Can identify, troubleshoot and solve development issues Able to complete projects fast and error-free Help deliver marketing initiatives to completion Proactively engaging management of issues, timeline status and any associated risks Able to adapt to new roles and responsibilities as needed You can work independently or in a team with minimal supervision Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, web development or related experience PHP: 2.5 years JavaScript: 2.5 years HTML/CSS: 2.5 year Web Development: 2.5 year Dental care Discounted or free food Extended health care On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (required) PHP: 2 years (preferred) JavaScript: 2 years (preferred) HTML/CSS: 2 years (preferred) Web Development: 2 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID395:
Be Better Every day: We push ourselves and each other to learn, improve, and get better every day Make it Happen: We act, we do, we work hard to make the right things happen Always remember the Data: It supports the decisions and conclusions we make Embrace the journey, together: We learn from the lows, we celebrate the highs, and we always make sure to enjoy ourselves with laughter and fun along the way Collaborative: We love creating win-win situations between our teammates, customers, and stakeholders. Accountability: We own an “it’s on me” mentality to grow ourselves and the business. A graduate of a college level (or better) program in Software Development, Computer Science, Engineering or a related field At least 4 years into your journey as a software developer An excellent communicator who is into collaborating and sharing ideas A positive person who inspires those around you A fan of boating, sailing, or just H2O generally! Analytical by nature - you use data to draw conclusions and make decisions Excited about the idea of building your own code and being responsible for what happens Fired up about researching, learning and staying up to date with news, trends and innovations Comfortable with some or all of our tech stack (see below), with demonstrable projects using some of these technologies Backend: Python, Django, PostgreSQL Frontend Web: Vue, PHP Frontend Mobile: Java, Objective-C/Swift Other Frameworks: MapBox, Facebook, Firebase Design: Figmac, Invision Cloud: AWS, GCP Code management: GitHub Team/Agile Comm tools: Slack Develop and design software solutions Architect, develop, test, and implement database driven mobile and web apps Successfully deliver mission critical products and features and consistently meet deadlines Casual dress Flexible schedule On-site parking Stock options Work from home Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Software development: 4 years (preferred) Python development: 1 year (preferred) Native Mobile development: 1 year (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID396:
Regular exposure to business stakeholders and executive management, as well as the authority and scope to apply your expertise to many interesting technical problems. Regular exposure to business stakeholders and executive management, as well as the authority and scope to apply your expertise to many interesting technical problems. The position requires constant communication with colleagues. Experience in planning and delivering software platforms used across multiple products and organizational units. Deep expertise and hands on experience with Web Applications and programming languages such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery and API's. Strong grasp of security principles and how they apply to E-Commerce applications. Proven working experience in web programming Top-notch programming skills and in-depth knowledge of modern HTML/CSS Familiarity with at least one of the following programming languages: PHP, ASP.NET, Javascript or Ruby on Rails A solid understanding of how web applications work including security, session management, and best development practices Adequate knowledge of relational database systems, Object Oriented Programming and web application development Hands-on experience with network diagnostics, network analytics tools Basic knowledge of Search Engine Optimization process Aggressive problem diagnosis and creative problem solving skills Strong organizational skills to juggle multiple tasks within the constraints of timelines and budgets with business acumen Ability to work and thrive in a fast-paced environment, learn rapidly and master diverse web technologies and techniques. BS in computer science or a related field 
ScrapedJobID397:
Simplifying complex problems Both verbal and written communication Collaborating with key stakeholders from business and other technology team Education in Computer Science or relevant experience. The ability to extend existing and build new (SOAP, REST)-based web services and applications with JavaScript, Python, and Django. Strong front-end development skills in AngularJS, Angular, React, jQuery, HTML5, and CSS3 4+ years of professional experience as a Developer Proven skills in design/architecture of large complex applications Had direct interaction with APIs and participate in the planning of API development Experience in productionizing NodeJS servers Experience with version control systems (GIT and TFS), including code merging and branching Prioritizing your well-being (Wellness Program, flexible health benefits, employee assistance) Promoting balance (flexible schedules, generous time off, and work from home options) Supporting your financial health (employee share purchase plan, pension plans, discount on staff insurance) Helping you grow in your career (education assistance, internal mobility) Caring about the community and the causes you believe in (donation matching, team volunteering) 
ScrapedJobID398:
Participate in the entire development lifecycle, focusing on coding, debugging, and optimizing. Work closely with front-end developers and interdependent teams across our studios. Implement security and data protection. Design and integrate data storage solutions & maintain server infrastructure. Deploy the game application on iOS and Android + adapt it to new platforms. Around 3 years of web or mobile development experience or related experience Understanding of HTML5, CSS3, NodeJS, and Javascript Knowledge of server infrastructure; cloud providers; Android and iOS development tools; bug tracking software (e.g. Jira); and source control software Automated testing and database experience A degree in Computer Science or equivalent A collaborative spirit Excellent communication and problem-solving skills + plenty of flexibility Curiosity and a willingness to continue learning (new tools, new techniques – anything to develop best practices and bring about innovative ideas) Your CV, highlighting your background and skills 
ScrapedJobID399:
Ability to quote on projects Effectively meet client objectives and needs through the use of website design tools Ability to work with cross-functional partners and team members Open and willing to accept constructive feedback from clients and implement solutions to effectively action against feedback Very responsive and attentive throughout the entire timeline of client projects, providing updates to the team Ability to validate functional requirements of each project and provide key recommendations Loves to stay up to date with the latest technology and software to keep ahead of website development trends and changes A minimum of 2 years experience as a website designer or related position Completed or currently completing a business or technology degree at an educational institution Expert in WordPress and related content-management systems Experienced in writing codes: HTML5, CSS3, PHP, JavaScript Experienced with mobile-responsive and cross-browser designs Established background in graphic design tools such as Adobe Creative Suite Extremely detail-oriented and organized Ability to work well under pressure, juggle tasks and work efficiently against tight deadlines Great decision making skills and avid problem-solver Excellent writing, speaking and communication skills Yes 
ScrapedJobID400:
Bachelor's Degree At least 5 years of IT industry experience Experience in one or more front-end frameworks such as: Angular, Vue or React Experience in one or more back-end languages such as: Java, C# or Python Experience in public cloud platforms such AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Experience in Microservices implementations using Docker, Kubernetes and OpenShift Experience in using API Gateways 3 weeks of paid time off to start Extended health care including vision and dental Work from home Flexible schedule Company events Group RRSP matching Ongoing training and development Yes 
ScrapedJobID401:
requirements analysis; systems analysis; systems engineering; programming; testing; configuration management of developed software; system and network management, including security aspects; life cycle engineering; operational support; research; writing of reports, user manuals, technical support documents, briefing notes, presentations, procurement and project related documentation; development and conducting of training sessions; giving briefings to technical staff, end users, and management; and other consultation as required. Design, develop and code enhancements and features to software systems. Provide operational support. Support testing, debugging and fix development. Write and review system documentation. Design and development experience in a Windows environment. Experience with design, programming and troubleshooting in C# and/or Java. Experience in telecommunications/networking systems design. Experience with TCP/IP inner workings (protocol level), of TCP/IP based protocols I applications and of protocol standards. Current Secret Clearance issued by the Government of Canada Experience with HTML (Javascript, dynamic html, ajax) and of web development environments. Experience with VMWare, Mercurial, Visual Studio and Eclipse. Knowledge and experience programming features tightly coupled to SQL based databases. Knowledge, expertise and experience with scripting languages (e.g. peri, python). Experience with reverse engineering of protocols, file contents or applications. Experience with load build processes and deployment tools. 
ScrapedJobID402:
Building digital products like websites, micro sites, web applications, interactive visualizations and apps for a broad range of clients Maintaining code from planning to building through testing, deployment and updates Delivering either just the front end or the CMS portion of a project in collaboration with another developer, or delivering the whole project Working closely with UX and creative directors, designers, developers, and other specialists to estimate and deliver projects Motivated to learn about your craft Passionate about clean, maintainable code Interested in a user’s actual experience as much as code passing tests A visual thinker who cares about quality and design Obsessed with performance Confident in communicating your ideas and able to collaborate and discuss work with designers 3+ years’ working experience Ability to accurately turn prototypes and mockups into living interfaces and ask the right questions as they’re designed Deep knowledge of CSS and SASS Ability to work with common CMS systems and frameworks depending on the need – common platforms like WordPress or Squarespace, or spinning up a lightweight custom solution Good JavaScript knowledge – you can traverse the DOM, plus you know when a library is useful vs. when it’s not Comfortable with Git and the command line Experience with automation and build systems, ideally Gulp, Webpack An eye for details Front end framework skills Headless CMS skills e.g., Gatsby Data visualization skills UI design 
ScrapedJobID403:
Design, develop, and lead features with high quality Rapidly ideate and prototype proof-of-concepts Assess new technologies, tools, and infrastructure to stay on the forefront of innovation Collaborate with teams both, locally and globally Embrace lean and agile software development principles Degree in Computer Science or related field 2-3 years of professional development experience Experience with Web UI development (HTML/CSS/JavaScript/TypeScript/jQuery) Experience with JavaScript framework (Angular/Node.js/react/redux) Strong sense of drive, urgency, and ownership 
ScrapedJobID404:

ScrapedJobID405:
Baccalauréat en informatique ou génie logiciel AGILE/ Scrum Maîtrise de: Typescript, Javascript, CSS (Sass,LESS) Connaissances de frameworks tels que: Angular, React, Vue, etc. Connaissance d'outils de test tels que: Jest, Karma, Jasmine, Protractor, Puppeteer, etc. Expérience avec: Node.js, NPM, Git (BitBucket), Jira State management: Redux, flux pattern, etc. Expérience avec les concepts de programmation réactive: Rxjs Avoir des connaissances avec Docker Build tools comme: Rollup, Webpack, etc. Progressive web applications Web components Web accessibility Software engineering experience Bachelor's degree in software engineering or related fields AGILE/ Scrum Expert with: Typescript, Javascript, HTML, CSS (Sass,LESS) Knowledge of frameworks such as: Angular, React, Vue, etc. Knowledge of testing tools such as: Jest, Karma, Jasmine, Protractor, Puppeteer, etc. Experience with: Node.js, NPM, Git (BitBucket), Jira State management: Redux, NgRx, flux pattern, etc. Experience with Docker Build tools such as: Rollup, Webpack, etc. Progressive web applications Web components Web accessibility We are looking for a curious leader who will inspire our development team. Someone able to take a step back and have a global vision of the projects. A person who is not afraid to give his opinion, while respecting that of others. A passionate developer, who likes to grow with the other members of the team. 
ScrapedJobID406:

ScrapedJobID407:
Work within a cross-functional team (including designers, product managers, architects and other developers) to deliver compelling products and services to our customers Design, write, test, and deploy high quality scalable code Implement our technical roadmap as we scale our services and build new products Maintain standards of security, reliability, performance, and quality Work out loud by sharing your experiences and expertise, helping to improve and enhance processes Take ownership of your work and work autonomously when necessary Participate in code reviews, and apply software development best practices Work with the following technologies: JavaScript + React A degree in Computer Science or Engineering, and at ample experience in developing and maintaining software or an equivalent level of education or work experience, and a track record of substantial contributions to software projects with high business impact You are proficient in at least one programming language, ideally: React or other modern JS frameworks (Angular, Node, Vue), and have a desire to learn other languages You have experience in software design: you know how to analyze and design features, drive discussions, and propose technical solutions You have been a solid contributor in teams that have worked on medium-to-large sized projects that had an impact on business; an understanding of SaaS software development practice is considered an asset You know how to apply best practices to ensure high-quality code (i.e. automated tests; code reviews) Open Communication: clearly conveys thoughts, both written and verbally, listening attentively and asking questions for clarification and understanding Collaboration and Teamwork: works with others to deliver results, meaningfully contributing to the team and prioritizing group needs over individual needs Self Development: is personally committed to, and actively works to continuously improve Problem Solving: uses an organized and logical approach to find solutions to complex problems. Looks beyond the obvious to understand the root cause of problems Resilience, Tolerance for Change/Ambiguity: can effectively cope with change, finding ways to advance work and projects Tenacious. You are determined to succeed, and you are motivated by the success of customers, colleagues and the community. Curious. You are always learning and seeking ways to make things better. Conscientious. You keep your promises, taking your commitments to others seriously, and you have strong integrity. Humble. You lead with humility and empathy, respecting and learning from the perspectives of others. 
ScrapedJobID408:
Adobe Illustrator Adobe Photoshop Corel Draw Adobe Dreamweaver Adobe Premiere Pro Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls XML PHP MySQL Java JavaScript HTML CSS COM / COM+ / DCOM / MTS / ActiveX C++ J# JQuery Python Word processing software Oracle Linux JavaOS Mail server software Image editing software Web service design Programming languages Website creation and management software SharePoint C# .NET API Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID409:
Bachelor degree in computer science, software engineering or similar majors or equivalent experience Minimum 3 years of overall software development experience on modern languages (Ruby, Python, etc) Minimum 2 years’ experience with modern MVC frameworks (Rails, Django, ExpressJS, or Laravel) and development of complex applications in production Minimum 1 year experience with React or similar SPA framework Excellent written and verbal communication skills Experience with backend and front-end automated testing frameworks such as RSpec, Minitest, Jasmine, Enzyme or other similar frameworks Familiar with RESTful API design and best practices Experience with Postgres, MySQL or other SQL databases Ability to implement professional UI/UX designs with pixel-perfect quality Experience in Agile development, CI concepts and Git HTML5, CSS3, Sass Strong knowledge of software development best practices, software architecture, software development patterns, object oriented design, algorithms and data structures Excellent written and verbal communication skills DevOps experience deploying to and maintaining a web application on cloud environments such as Heroku, AWS, Azure or GCloud Previous experience working in a remote team Permanent full-time Remote (within Canada) You get to work with fantastic, transformative clients that are having an enormous impact in their global organizations leading the transformation of work A collaborative virtual team that is committed to helping organizations make better decisions A competitive compensation package including health benefits, salary, and vacation Dental care Extended health care Work from home Monday to Friday On call Software development: 3 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID410:
How to work with Data Intensive Systems How to use queue-based systems like Redis, Kafka, and Pulsar Kubernetes Fundamentals around Deployment and various architecture patterns How to work with Machine Learning models The basics of building and training Machine Learning models React Experience – 1-5 years NodeJS Experience – 1-5 years Cloud Experience – 1+ years Experience with any testing framework Some familiarity with Python Familiarity with Containerization concepts Significant Python Experience Experience with Three.js Experience with Charting/Visualization packages, either in JavaScript or Python. (d3.js, plotly.js, matplotlib, etc.) Experience with distributed systems and Microservices development Experience with Kubernetes Test Driven Development Experience Experience building ETL pipelines Performance Profiling experience, especially in Python 
ScrapedJobID411:
Bonus pay Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site parking Vision care Day shift No weekends web development: 5 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID412:

ScrapedJobID413:
Dental care Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Work from home Yes 
ScrapedJobID414:
Develop and implement solutions that primarily focus on web technologies, mobile (native/hybrid), J2EE platforms, API, Service Oriented Architecture and integration technologies. Fully participate in application detailed design, estimation, and documentation. Participate in code and design reviews. Provide technical and design support for other team members (e.g. QA, BA’s) Be available to support after hour activities (e.g. deployments, incident investigation) when necessary Engage in ongoing skills development and knowledge acquisition Be cognizant of security, organizational risk, PCI, and business at all stages of the software delivery lifecycle Application detailed design, development, testing and documentation for client group applications Participation on project activities and progress reporting to development lead and functional manager Provide 3rd level support to application support team for incident and problem resolution Be a self-driven member of a cross functional development team to deliver solutions for business requirements Play an active role and take ownership of optimization and performance activities Post-secondary education, preferably in Computer Science or related field with 1-2 years practical experience in Information Systems ideally Experience with the software development life cycle via Agile programming practices (such as Scrum or Kanban) Web application development experience with the understanding of object oriented design patterns service-oriented architectures, including web services (REST, JSON, JMS, SOAP, XML) Knowledge of Spring/J2EE based delivery, SOA and architectural experience or industry certification Knowledge and experience regarding the practical application of security/risk concepts, standards and regulations in the financial industry Experience designing and delivering web based solutions integrating to legacy back-end environments Development experience in the following is an asset: Adobe Experience Manager (core framework) Web 2.0, AJAX and Single Page Applications Apache CXF, Tomcat, Websphere, IHS Cordova, Angular.js, node.js, BootStrap Java EE, JUnit, Spring, XML, MQ Series/JMS Web application firewalls, AppDynamics Atlassian suite, Maven, Jenkins, Bitbucket (Git) API Gateways management, microservices RHEL/Scripting/Commands Experience with portals and web content management 
ScrapedJobID415:
Collaborate within the professional services team, UX, and project teams to help develop solutions. Guide other engineers on Front end development approaches and techniques. Learn the latest technologies and standards to ensure we are always using the best techniques possible. You will contribute to all phases of the development lifecycle with well-written, designed, testable, and efficient code. You will build applications that are responsive, high-performing, and accessible. You will ensure designs are in compliance with specifications while preparing and producing releases of software components. Bachelor’s degree and at least 4 years of Web application development experience using React. Strong web development experience including HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Experience with modern Javascript frameworks like, React,Vue.js Familiar with development tools such as git, npm, babel, and sass. Strong technical expertise with Liferay DXP 7.0 including implementing themes and templates. Experience with REST APIs and services Java development experience is an added advantage Excellent communication skills with the ability to interact with multiple stakeholders and team members in the project Willing to learn Liferay portal. 
ScrapedJobID416:
8 hour shift Java: 3 years (preferred) JavaScript: 3 years (preferred) Node.js: 4 years (required) React: 4 years (required) Angular: 4 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID417:
Active participation in the full Software Development Lifecycle, from the conceptual stage to implementation including participation in sprint planning sessions, SCRUM stand-ups, design, code, review & retrospectives Participate in, and lead project and team meetings interacting and collaborating with team members and other departments as appropriate Create and maintain software documentation Working on all levels of code from database interaction and core business logic up through data delivery and web interface Write high quality and well-documented code according to accepted standards based on user requirements Testing code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability Working on bug fixes and improving web interface performance Continuously discovering, evaluating, and implementing new technologies and industry trends to enhance the web interface and maximize development efficiency A bachelor's or college degree in computer science or equivalent Ability to research, organize and present verbal and written ideas in a clear and concise manner Ability to manage a project, motivating a team, while executing tasks in a team-oriented, collaborative, high-pressure environment Problem diagnosis and solving skills Ability to learn rapidly and master diverse technologies and techniques React AngularJS Android app development CSS responsive design programming User Interface design patterns HTML Jira, BitBucket, Git JAVA/Spring Node.JS/Express PostgreSQL Objective C for XCode with experience in magical records AWS Workforce management scheduling logic or event management software Casual dress Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Stock options Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday What is your residency status (work permit, permanent resident or citizen)? Where are you located (city and country)? What is your salary expectation? How many years of experience to you have as a full stack developer? You will need to do a quick video introducing yourself and a code test to advance in the process. Will this be a problem? Would you be willing to relocate to Ottawa? DCS / DEC (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID418:
To work with some of the best professionals in the business - for a firm that values individual intellect as much as teamwork State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential Participation in Design and code reviews Knowledge sharing with our global team. Collaborate across various Technologies group Architectures and drive the platform Front to Back Strategy Extend your technical knowledge with challenging projects and the use of new technologies. Enjoy access to experts in the wide range of technologies at Morgan Stanley. Learn more about the Financial Industry through our business stakeholders and industry activities and events. Work in an open environment where everyone can express their views and make significant contributions. At least 3 years of relevant experience College or Bachelor degree with a strong development program Core Java, Design Patterns, Spring, Hibernate, SQL, Web Services, XML, Linux Knowledge of distributed systems Knowledge of Spring/MVC Tuning / Performance Analysis Agile Development Methodologies Prior experience in Compiler Optimization or Interpreter Development Web Development (Angular, JavaScript, HTML5) Python Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID419:
Develop custom internal web-based applications and be part of small development team Post secondary diploma/degree in related field Strong OOP background Solid understanding of application life cycle Must have experience with Laravel, SQL Experience with RESTful API Know MSSQL and have experience in ORM Creative individual Be results oriented, self-motivated and a team player Experience in Beanstalk, apache2, nginx, Linux configurations and vagrant Experience in non relational databases, elastic search preferably Experience with Laravel Nice to have AngularJS, Bootstrap Portfolio Any collection of work or contribution on GIT hub 
ScrapedJobID420:
Adobe Photoshop Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls MySQL Java Computer Internet access Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Repetitive tasks Attention to detail Tight deadlines .NET Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Client focus Organized 
ScrapedJobID421:
Play an active role in developing execution strategies and analyze and develop software products, including design, coding, test automation and operations, while applying best practices in development, data and security Document technical solutions and practices to ensure product sustainability, develop documentation, and prepare and deliver training for peers and consumers Provide technical support for IT operations. Analyze, diagnose, follow up on and resolve critical and complex system problems Co-create with business partners and architects to gain a complete understanding of business intentions and objectives, and standardize solutions accordingly Lead software installation and testing as well as application rollout Work location: Currently on a regular telework basis due to the pandemic. To be located in Montreal or Lévis according to the selected candidate's preference. The hybrid work mode applies to the position Number of jobs available : 2 Bachelor’s degree in a related field A minimum of four years of relevant experience For vacant positions available in Quebec, please note that knowledge of French is required Knowledge of Web technologies Knowledge of various databases (Oracle, DB2) Knowledge of Batch applications Knowledge of Liferay DXP Knowledge of JavaScript 
ScrapedJobID422:
Troubleshoot Software Development issues Create Build and Run Book Documentation, Knowledge Base Articles and Training Videos Capture all configurations within Release Notes Provide Daily Reports of tasks and activities To design and develop the corporate website ensuring strong functionality and optimization To design and develop relational database systems and their web interfaces Responsible for integrating the SQL Server, Access or Oracle databases with the company website Responsible for the design of company web pages Including graphics, animation and functionality To develop web page infrastructure and application related to pages with more advanced graphics and features To assist the Company Director in the planning of overall company strategy regarding web development and search engine optimization To monitor web server and site technical performance Code, test and troubleshoot web development issues utilizing the appropriate hardware, database, and programming technology Maintain and modify websites Make approved changes by amending flow charts, develop detailed web programming logic, and coding changes Test and develop web programming modifications Write new web programming code using prescribed specifications Evaluate simple interrelationships between web applications such as whether a contemplated change in one part of a program would cause unwanted results in a related part Analyze performance of web sites and take action to correct deficiencies based on consultation with users and approval of supervisor Confer with users to gain understanding of needed changes or modifications of existing websites Resolve questions of websites intent, data input, output requirements, and inclusion of internal checks and controls Write and maintain web programming documentation Analyze websites programming solutions compatibility against multiple web browsers such as Internet Explorer, Safari, Google Chrome and Firefox Maintain confidentiality with regard to the information being processed, stored or accessed Document web programming problems and resolutions for future reference Assist personnel of other departments as a computer resource Provide on-the-job training to new department staff members Provide computer orientation to new company staff Other duties as assigned College Diploma / University Degree in any IT related field 3 to 5 years of web development experience Customer Service and problem resolution skills Proper phone mannerism Ability to Collaborate and work well with associates Effective Organization and Reporting skills (reports of work progress, research and client communication/collaboration) Business reading, writing, and arithmetic skills required Knowledge of company web development procedures and web programming languages Ability to process computer data and to format and generate reports Ability to implement and troubleshoot web programming changes and modifications Knowledge of computer flow charts and of web programming logic and codes Ability to write technical instructions in the use of web applications and/or program modifications Ability to investigate and analyze information and to draw conclusions Ability to learn and support new systems and web site applications Quality Assurance Testing and Validation Experience Work with users requires interpersonal skills Development experience (any language ie Asp Dot Net, Javascript, Java, PHP, Ajax, CSS, HTML, Wordpress) Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft Access Database, Oracle and MySQL IIS Server, Apache Web Server Experience MAC OS X, Linux and Unix Experience 
ScrapedJobID423:
Collaborate with other developers and engineers to design, build, and maintain applications Build serverless applications using AWS Cloud Write and debug code Troubleshoot software issues Provide on-call support as necessary Work in a cloud computing environment; understand the philosophy and methodology of cloud computing; understand and master Amazon Web Services (AWS) You have a Bachelor’s degree in computer science, software engineering, or a related field You have experience writing code in JavaScript (React JS, Node JS, Angular) You have experience using SQL to update and retrieve data You have experience with database management and security a plus You have demonstrated experience with AWS Services a plus You have good analytical skills You have good communication skills You are bilingual. Competitive salary with bonus potential Incentive programs to recognize when sales targets are met (applies to branch network employees only) A minimum of 3 weeks paid vacation (prorated to your start date) Flexible Health and Dental Benefits Access to Dialogue, which will allow you to virtually consult healthcare professionals Employer Sponsored Pension Plan Personal days and sick days Tuition Assistance Programs Paid volunteer day and organized volunteering events across the country Ongoing Learning and Development Training Referral Incentives up to $5000.00 
ScrapedJobID424:
Design, code, test, debug, maintain, and document programs primarily in C# Analyze, architect, develop, design and implement solutions for our clients based on industry needs. Solve, design and write code for existing clients and products. Take ownership of codebase and suggest design improvements for refactoring. Work with stakeholders to implement client requested features and extend our product functionality. Assist in architecture of new product components. Work within Agile teams and attend standups where you will report findings and your currently active tasks. Work with front end developers to build high quality client solutions Create RESTFUL web services for web based applications Work with multiple products and projects. Communicate openly and optimally with team lead, project management members and any other partners within the project team Skills, Experience and Qualifications 5+ years of hands-on .NET development experience (C# preferred, .NET Core Experience Preferred) 7+ years of practical development experience Demonstrated ability with design patterns including but not limited to proven, Serverless and Micro Services 4+ years of product design 4+ years of database experience. 3+ Experience crafting and deploying secure WebAPIs Phenomenal problem-solving skills, extensive experience debugging and evaluating existing code Experience with MS SQL Server, T-SQL Experience with high availability web applications. Experience with SPAs like Angular, Vue.js. Experience with ASP.NET MVC. Experience with Agile team 
ScrapedJobID425:
Teach our 12-week Web Development Diploma program Deliver lectures and mentor the next wave of engineering talent by providing expert technical guidance to students who are building exciting projects using the most cutting-edge technologies Co-create BrainStation's full-time Web Development Program that will positively impact the lives and careers of hundreds of individuals across our campuses Actively work on writing and researching new content to teach the most up to date skills in development to our students Apply BrainStation's "Agile Education" methodologies to the program to continuously improve the educational experience for students Constantly improve your own skills, and apply these skills in collaboration with other BrainStation Educators in order to build the digital platform and tools needed to effectively deliver educational material Define the education experience of the future 2+ years experience in a web engineering role Deep expertise working with core web technologies HTML, CSS, JavaScript Experience or a familiarity with React, Node/Express, and databases (relational and MongoDB) Strong public speaking abilities Experience teaching/mentoring others A self motivated, empathetic, and approachable demeanor A proven ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines A strong work ethic with the utmost integrity and desire to excel and succeed A sincere passion for education and creating positive learning experiences for others Comprehensive Health & Wellness Benefits Package Retirement Planning Parental Leave Program New Device Allowance Socials, Outings & Retreats Culture of Learning & Development Flexible Working Hours Work from Home Flexibility 
ScrapedJobID426:

ScrapedJobID427:
Writing clean HTML markup, good formatting, semantic markup Writing clean CSS, commented and efficient Onsite changes Implementation of SEO best practices Build websites to specifications Implementation of Responsive Design Legally able to work in Canada Bachelor's Degree / Certificate in Computer Science or related field Experience in website development Familiarity with CSS, HTML and PHP Familiarity with Bootstrap Strong organizational skills Strong attention to detail Good communication skills Good critical thinking skills Responsive Design JQuery Advanced Custom Fields Wordpress - Demonstrate understanding hooks and hierarchy Working locally (Calgary AB) Ensure your professional resume is up to date and highlights some of the key points we are looking for. Create an engaging cover letter for us to read. If you don’t include a cover letter, you will NOT be considered for this role. Video cover letters are given extra attention. Apply through our website (https://www.podmarketinginc.com/careers/) 
ScrapedJobID428:
Improve existing tech for reliability, performance and scalability. Coordinate with team members to discover the best solution for the clients. Conceptualize new features that we could offer exclusively. Document your code and assist in its build and deployment to production. Rapidly learn and become productive using multiple development stacks. 1-3 years of Experience in Software Development Frontend – Java/HTML/CSS platform Education: B.E. or B.tech or M.tech in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent fields. BSc+ Strong English proficiency both spoken and written. Strong hold on Data structures and Algorithms. Experience with Styled-Components, SASS. Experience with React, Vue, or Angular. Strong hold on Programming languages – Java and Spring Boot. Should have experience with Messaging formats - RabbitMQ/Kafka. Should have experience in Cloud-based technologies, distributed programming andObjectOrientedProgramming constructs. Oracle Database. French language knowledge. Hours: 9:00 AM - 5:30 PM Eastern Standard time. Wage: $65,000 - $75,000/year. 2 Weeks of Vacation. A great environment and the right tools to do great work. 
ScrapedJobID429:
Web Application Development Prepare functional specifications Schedule, conduct and participate in design reviews Prepare design note(s) per group standards based on an approved set of requirements Prepare work estimates for assigned tasks Completes all work according to schedule requirements Provide ongoing feedback on deliverables Write well documented & high performing code including source code documentation that meets organizational standards Solicit code reviews for work and participate in code reviews of others’ work Create and run unit tests. Deliver automated tests to QA for inclusion in a regression test bed when appropriate Test on multiple configurations Acquire knowledge necessary to perform job assignments (technology, product and process) Provide timely and complete information and document reviews to the publications group Provide timely and complete information to the QA group to facilitate formal testing Share technical information with the team and to a wider audience when Appropriate Excellent English-speaking skills are of critical importance Successful candidates will have demonstrated the following characteristics: Familiarity with Agile SCRUM software development methodology a plus Bachelor’s degree plus 0-2 years of experience in software development  
ScrapedJobID430:
Financial markets intrigue you You enjoy solving complex problems You are looking to work collaboratively with an experienced team You continuously look for ways to innovate Machine learning excites you You are looking to grow your career in a fast-paced start up On a journey of constant and never-ending improvement Data-driven in all aspects of our business Transparent and operate with integrity Managing risk in our products and for our employees Rapidly growing and looking for the right people to build top-notch trading strategies and technologies Help design, implement and refine our integrative UI used internally for analyzing trades and collecting and reporting data Assist with designing and structuring system architecture in a highly scalable manner using massive data sets Implementing new trading logic into our algorithms and improve upon existing logic under direction of quantitative researchers Develop and direct software system validation and automated testing methods including unit, integration, acceptance and algorithm backtests SQL Python Javascript and HTML React Common development tools; git, Jira, Confluence, Slack etc. Agile methodologies and workflow You enjoy learning from the markets Ability to work creatively and independently to solve complex problems Exceptional attention to detail and desire to understand issues deeply Understand when to spend time researching a problem on your own and when to ask for help Thrive in a collaborative, fast-paced environment Strong communication skills and work ethic Startup Culture – We are a fast paced, high growth start-up where every team member plays a fundamental role to our success. Want to create an impact and work in a rapidly growing start-up? You’ve come to the right place. Competitive Compensation – In addition to competitive base salaries with tons of opportunity to grow with us, we offer ESOP and profit sharing. Training and Development – We allocate a training budget for each team member to ensure we are striving for constant, never-ending improvement as individuals and as a team. Four Weeks Vacation – Right off the bat you’ll have four weeks vacation, with an opportunity for more. Work hard, play hard. 
ScrapedJobID431:
2+ years working with Angular; 2+ years working with PHP Laravel; Good understanding of relational databases, preferably MySQL; Proficient with HTML5 and SCSS; Experience with Linux; Experience in developing and using APIs, in special with RESTful design pattern; Experience working collaboratively using Git (Bitbucket or GitHub); Strong understanding of UI/UX best practices; Familiar with AWS Amazon products; Experience in the following would be a Plus: Docker, Ionic, PWA, Notifications, Redis, NodeJS, Tests, ServerLess approach Extended health care Work from home 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID432:
Develop new user-facing features Optimize application and website for mobile use and maximum speed Review/improve current features and code Test features and designs to ensure responsiveness and efficiency Collaborate with CTO and Head of Marketing to keep improving on design Write SOP's and code libraries for future team members Support in on-boarding of additional team members as required Knowledge of front-end languages and libraries (e.g. HTML/ CSS, JavaScript, XML, jQuery). Experience using React Native library Understanding of key design principles Familiarity with databases (e.g. MySQL, MongoDB), web servers (e.g. Apache) and UI/UX design Strong understanding of SEO Familiarity with gamification for both the website and app Desire to challenge the status-quo and develop new ideas or approaches that haven't been considered Keen to both learn and teach - leadership comes from all levels of the organization but we also always have blind spots we can improve on Willingness to try new approaches or accept ideas from other members on the team Experience leading projects/roadmap design is a bonus Ability to be both autonomous in your role and collaborative in the team when required Competitive salary Personal electric scooter for the duration of summer STM Metro Pass for Winter season Company laptop Coffee & snacks Monthly team activities and events Health & Dental Insurance 
ScrapedJobID433:
Build and setup storefronts using our proprietary platform. Manage communications with all team members during the implementation process, including external clients. Ensure that all deliverables are high quality, and on time. Initiate extra activities and other management interventions wherever gaps are identified, or issues arise. Experience working with ecommerce platforms like Magento, Shopify, BIGcommerce, or similar. Basic coding skills with JavaScript, CSS and HTML. Basic web design skills and familiarity with Adobe Creative Suite and/or other web design tools. Experience working with project management tools. Knowledge and understanding of the training industry would be preferred. Post-secondary education, particularly tech-related, is an asset. Potential for meaningful career growth 100% company-funded medical and dental benefit premiums Friendly, fun, and collaborative company culture Flexible paid time off program Life insurance Disability insurance Mental Health Benefits Program Employer matched RRSP contributions Casual dress environment 
ScrapedJobID434:
Adobe Illustrator Adobe Photoshop Corel Draw Adobe Dreamweaver Adobe Premiere Pro Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls XML PHP MySQL Java JavaScript HTML CSS COM / COM+ / DCOM / MTS / ActiveX C++ J# JQuery Python Word processing software Oracle Linux JavaOS Mail server software Image editing software Web service design Programming languages Website creation and management software SharePoint C# .NET API Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID435:
Investigating and correcting client custom work in TSQL/SSIS/SSRS/C#. Investigating and correction of integration solutions using various technologies such as SQL Server, WCF Services and Web APIs in C#, JSON, SML and Microsoft SQL Server Data tools. Thorough unit testing of development work. Engage with the Support Team Members, Team Leads, Managers, account managers, Technical Solutions Expert, Clients and Management. Development of new client requirements. Comparing technical specification and updating of technical specification where required. Investigating and correcting of Qlik dashboards. BSC Computer Science or relevant qualification. Advanced T-SQL (Minimum 4 years' experience). Intermediate level SSRS, SSIS. Intermediate C#. Understanding of RESTful Web services / Web API's / WCF Services and JSON. Experience in a customer facing role. Understanding of N-Tier systems: Presentation, application and database layers that form large systems. Experience in Qlikview / QlikSense dashboard development. Client support. Power BI experience. Database design, development. Knowledge of SSAS. Integration or dashboard/reporting experience. Administration Knowledge of SQL Server. Ability to document technical specifications, processes and procedures. Good understanding of different development methodologies. Excellent communication Skills – written and oral. Positive attitude, team player. High attention to detail. Quality conscious, analytical, assertive, ability to multitask. Self-starter and quick learner. Professional and presentable. Own It! Do the right thing Embrace Ideas Win together Think Beyond 
ScrapedJobID436:
Development, analysis, and testing of web applications and supporting services Integration and deployment of applications and tools Document and maintain a library of processes and guides Meet all SLA requirements through managing and supporting the team through Service Desk Support all existing applications and services Assist with all campus management systems and student portal(s) used by Navitas UP North
America including, but not exclusive to, application client installation and configuration, user
training, documentation, and troubleshooting Contribute to Navitas projects as required Perform other duties as assigned A Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or similar field 2+ years in a development role Experience in Web Services standards and technologies (XML, SOAP, WSDL, REST, JSON etc.) Working knowledge of version control systems like GitHub Solid analytical, problem solving and decision-making skills WordPress, Drupal HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, PHP MSSQL, MySQL Apache Legal authorization to work in the U.S. and/or Canada Experience in AWS Experience in administering Linux (Debian, Ubuntu) is desirable for this role General working knowledge of networks and servers Experience working in a distributed office environment, domestically or regionally 
ScrapedJobID437:
Has a working understanding of design patterns and architecture; understands what makes software testable and maintainable and includes these principles in the work Develops software solutions by studying information needs; conferring with project stakeholders; studying client systems’ flow and work processes; identifying and investigating problem areas Documents and demonstrates solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments, and clean code Updates job knowledge by studying the latest development tools and programming techniques; participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; participating in professional organizations Employs technical expertise to lay the groundwork for effective project management Assists Project Manager to determine operational feasibility through analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development, and solution proposal Provides technical background input while collaboratively generating project estimates/ rough orders of magnitude with the Project Manager Adapts leadership style to leverage team members’ motivations and strengths while helping them to overcome weaknesses Supports and develops software developers by providing advice, coaching, and educational opportunities Works collaboratively with others to achieve goals Makes informed decisions quickly and takes ownership of technology choices, project pace, and direction Strong Javascript development experience. Strong Javascript Framework experience such as AngularJS, BackboneJS, ReactJS. Strong HTML, CSS and SASS development experience. Responsible and accountable – You can own a task, and deliver it with high precision, independently, even on a short timeline. Eye for quality – You enjoy working on quality products and aim for a good user experience. Pro minimum viable product – You believe in iteration based on data. You believe in building the smallest version of a feature to prove it first, even when it means being scrappy. Problem solver – excellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skills, as well as the capacity to think creatively under pressure. Team player – You work well with a team and are good at giving and receiving feedback. You enjoy celebrating wins with your team! *nix friendly – accustomed to developing software in a *nix environment (Mac, Linux, Unix, BSD) Education – Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, or equivalent working experience Phonegap / Cordova experience Experience working as a third party JS vendor, facing issues such as cross-domain communication Experience building responsive websites and web apps Experience working on single-page applications Experience working cloud based architectures, particularly AWS Experience with Silex / Laravel Git experience Work in a scrum environment Sane working hours (with flexible scheduling). The team is small and agile, so you will have a direct impact on the product, but big enough that you are never alone. While our office in Montreal is available to everyone, a flexible work from home program is currently the norm. Health care and dental coverage for all full time employees (Blue Cross) National telemedicine service, paid for by the company for full time employees enrolled in benefits programs. Generous compensation and stock options. Everyone at Salesfloor is agile, engaged and ready to contribute to impact the growth of our business. Seasoned employees, new hires and founders all work together and help each other every day. Founders and leadership team have a proven track record for successful start-ups and previous exits. 
ScrapedJobID438:
Set up and maintain test environments Develop programs for web-based client automated testing, based on User Stories or Test Cases Create, execute and maintain automation test suites Analyze automated test failures and escalation to respective development teams Collaborate with members of the QA team to improve QA practices Follow established QA standards and practices in all aspects of the QA Testing Lifecycle Follow established coding and development standards and practices in all aspects of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) Stay abreast of trends in software, web and mobile testing practices including conducting research into current and emerging technologies and issues in support of testing efforts Adapt to and learn new practice and technologies May provide guidance to activities of new and/or less experienced Automated Test Developers Create and maintain specifications and documentation Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related technical experience Minimum 3 years of experience with automated testing tools in Web Applications Proficiency in an object-oriented programming/scripting language such as Java, C#, JavaScript Experience as a Test Automation Developer using - JUnit, TestNG Test Framework Experience with web testing tools (e.g. Selenium, JMeter) Experience using and configuring CI build tools such as Jenkins Experience using source control systems such as GIT Knowledge of testing methodologies and test plan management tools Ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams Strong analytical skills Demonstrates TVO's values: we value bold thinking, we embrace change, we thrive with diverse voices, we honour our commitments, we're better together 
ScrapedJobID439:
Program and design (with UI/UX in mind) user-facing features for our existing applications Develop and/or revamp completely new front-end web interfaces Build reusable components/FE libraries to be reused across many projects Discuss and decide with the team on the trade offs between usability and functionality Take initiatives, be proactive and present potential solutions 3-5+ years of professional web development experience A good understanding of the web fundamentals and internet protocols. Experience implementing complex application with one of the major front-end frameworks (preferably React.js) Familiarity with state management pattern, routing, and Single Page Application Expertise in HTML, CSS/SASS and JavaScript Good knowledge of object-oriented JavaScript A Passion for User Interface and Usability Ability to accurately estimate development work based on provided requirements Ability to prioritize and manage workload effectively Strong attention to detail Good team player Gitlab or version control experience. Testing experience. 
ScrapedJobID440:
Develop custom components of e-commerce websites using a variety of frameworks Research and improve user experience on e-commerce platforms and in-browser design tools Analyze functional and technical requirements Work as part of a team to development timelines A minimum of 3-5 years of experience with web applications development A degree or diploma in Computer Science, or equivalent experience Experience with HTML(5), CSS(3), JavaScript, SQL, Backend Development Languages (PHP, Java, Clojure etc.) Strong familiarity with software architectures, including data structure, data flow chart, user stories, user flow diagram and API services Direct experience with Shopify’s eCommerce Platform and Liquid templating language Knowledge of JavaScript Frameworks (i.e. Vue.js) Familiarity with CMS systems Specific experience developing backend systems with Clojure Familiarity with Cloud Services such as Microsoft Azure, AWS, GCP Experience integrating external API driven services such as Coupa, ShipStation, TaxJar etc. Knowledge of order management systems and order life cycle Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Tuition reimbursement Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID441:

ScrapedJobID442:
or equivalent experience School or educational institution/establishment Write, modify, integrate and test software code Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications XML Visual Basic VB Script Object-Oriented programming languages MySQL Java JavaScript JSP HTML CSS XML Technology (XSL,XSD,DTD) SQL Soap Ajax JQuery C# .NET ASP.NET Python React Native React.js Angular.js Model-View-Controller (MVC) TCP/IP Internet Database software Extranet Intranet Communication software Project management software HTML editing software Web service design Data analysis software Enterprise Applications Integration (EAI) Business diagram software API Business intelligence Remote work available Group Insurance Benefits 
ScrapedJobID443:

ScrapedJobID444:

ScrapedJobID445:

ScrapedJobID446:
This position is not remote Possesses a strong creative point of view and takes initiative to drive projects forward Ambitious in marketing Interested in learning about many industries Exhibits exceptional communication skills Collaborative, creative problem solver with an entrepreneurial spirit Constant curiosity and passion for design; keeps a finger on the pulse of the industry A degree in Graphic Design or an equivalent degree in a field of study related to the job Proven ability to produce high-quality creative work and an acute understanding of design, including typography and layout Strong time management skills Experience using illustrator, photoshop, and Canva Branding experience (icon development, logo development) Follow projects from concept to final approval ensuring the integrity of the creative concept is kept in focus throughout Execute top-quality design work in line with Brand Vision’s standards Use effective time management and organizational skills to maintain effective workflow and meet deadlines Design emails, social posts, site banners, print and ad materials Work effectively with outside suppliers such as photographers and printers when required Designing Websites and landing pages Creating Social Media posts (From researching, coming up with content and copywriting, to making the designs according to the correct branding and identity) Designing branding elements such as logos, posters, brochures, etc. Website mockups and wireframes Video editing using various different platforms and tools Wix / Squarespace Figma Canva WordPress Shopify Adobe Suite Video Editing TikTok Bonus pay Commission pay On-site parking 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID447:
Develop web site architecture and determine hardware and software requirements, including content, capacity and interactivity Consult with consultants and clients to research, develop and document web site requirements Research, evaluate and pilot with a variety of interactive media software products Design, arrange and organize information related to appearance, layout and flow of the web site Optimize and develop content for the web site including graphics, database, animation, etc. Enable security and quality controls related to web-site related code Develop and assist in developing a web-based data platform that includes data visualizations from survey data. Develop, and maintain front-end platform of the company’s Natural Language Processing tool. Including, but not limited to the visualization of topic models from data collected from clients, charting of data distribution, ad-hoc requirements. Consult with consultants and clients to research, develop and document web site requirements Research, plan, prepare, design, write, modify, integrate and test web-site related code Monday to Friday Master's Degree (required) Google Cloud Platform – VM, SQL database, App engine: 2 years (preferred) Flask: 2 years (required) designing dashboards in D3 for decision making: 3 years (required) Web development frameworks (eg Ruby, Django, or ASP.net): 3 years (preferred) RDBMS, including SQL – required, PostgreSQL – ideal: 3 years (preferred) UI/UX best practices: translate wireframes to code: 3 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID448:
4+ years experience writing software, preferably in web-development. 2+ years experience working with Ruby on Rails with an advanced/expert understanding of the framework. Knowledge of Bootstrap, CSS, and JavaScript. 2+ years of experience working on the delivery of large, cross-functional projects. Experience leading and/or mentoring junior developers. Experience working in each stage of the software development lifecycle, i.e., requirements gathering to maintain the application in production environments. Strong software development fundamentals including data structures and algorithms. Strong understanding of unit testing and system/integration testing. Willingness to spend time researching solutions and working with new technologies. Sharp analytical abilities and design skills. Highly adaptable - a typical day can require multiple context-switches given the nature of a startup. Experience working with AWS services, e.g. RDS, ECS, API Gateway, Lambda, CloudFormation. We make heavy use of AWS in our infrastructure. Experience with RSpec or any other test framework relevant to Ruby on Rails. Experience coding in Kotlin. Experience developing integrations with external services (e.g., Microsoft Teams apps, Zoom apps, Slack apps). Experience or interest in machine learning. Experience working in a startup. Being based out of the Greater Toronto Area would be an asset. Start date: As soon as possible. Employment type: Full-time. Location: Remote (our tech & product team is mainly located in Toronto, Canada). Compensation: $100k-$125K CAD, depending on experience. 15 paid vacation/personal/sick days. 10 additional paid vacation days per year after 2 years at Pavestep. Your birthday off. Your significant other’s birthday off. Every 4th Friday of the month off. Every 2nd Friday of the month is half day. No work communications during off-hours $65 CAD monthly education allowance. $650 CAD annual technology allowance. Annual company retreats. Coverage/reimbursement for healthcare/dental/insurance. Step 1: Complete the application. Step 2: 30-minute introductory call. Step 3: 1-hour technical interview with collaborative “whiteboard” session. Step 4: 15-minute behavioural interview. Step 5: Offer letter! Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Work from home Monday to Friday How many years of work experience do you have using Ruby on Rails? How many years of software development experience do you have? How many years of experience do you have leading/mentoring junior developers? Do you have any experience developing application integrations with Zoom, Slack, Microsoft Teams, and/or Microsoft Outlook? Do you have any experience with Kotlin? Yes 
ScrapedJobID449:
8 hour shift Are you eligible to work in Canada? English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID450:
A bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or similar A minimum of 1-2 years of proven work experience in software development Demonstrated experience in: NET; C#, ASP.NET Core SQL Server or MySQL Angular/React/Typescript; NodeJS Bootstrap/CSS; Cloud (Azure, AWS) Full stack web development Distributed scalable web systems and Web security/authentication; Demonstrated experience in solution development, facilitation of decision making, and team work Experience in all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Are client-delivery focused, and committed to working as a flexible extension to our clients to earn a place as their trusted advisor Possess superior written and verbal communication skills Have a natural curiosity towards gaining new understanding and broadening your knowledge base Are skilled in managing and prioritizing multiple projects and competing deadlines Have strong analytical and problem-solving skills. 
ScrapedJobID451:
Develop web site architecture and determine hardware and software requirements, including content, capacity and interactivity Consult with consultants and clients to research, develop and document web site requirements Research, evaluate and pilot with a variety of interactive media software products Design, arrange and organize information related to appearance, layout and flow of the web site Optimize and develop content for the web site including graphics, database, animation, etc. Enable security and quality controls related to web-site related code Develop and assist in developing a web-based data platform that includes data visualizations from survey data. Develop, and maintain front-end platform of the company’s Natural Language Processing tool. Including, but not limited to the visualization of topic models from data collected from clients, charting of data distribution, ad-hoc requirements. Consult with consultants and clients to research, develop and document web site requirements Research, plan, prepare, design, write, modify, integrate and test web-site related code Monday to Friday Master's Degree (required) Google Cloud Platform – VM, SQL database, App engine: 2 years (preferred) Flask: 2 years (required) designing dashboards in D3 for decision making: 3 years (required) Web development frameworks (eg Ruby, Django, or ASP.net): 3 years (preferred) RDBMS, including SQL – required, PostgreSQL – ideal: 3 years (preferred) UI/UX best practices: translate wireframes to code: 3 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID452:
4+ years experience writing software, preferably in web-development. 2+ years experience working with Ruby on Rails with an advanced/expert understanding of the framework. Knowledge of Bootstrap, CSS, and JavaScript. 2+ years of experience working on the delivery of large, cross-functional projects. Experience leading and/or mentoring junior developers. Experience working in each stage of the software development lifecycle, i.e., requirements gathering to maintain the application in production environments. Strong software development fundamentals including data structures and algorithms. Strong understanding of unit testing and system/integration testing. Willingness to spend time researching solutions and working with new technologies. Sharp analytical abilities and design skills. Highly adaptable - a typical day can require multiple context-switches given the nature of a startup. Experience working with AWS services, e.g. RDS, ECS, API Gateway, Lambda, CloudFormation. We make heavy use of AWS in our infrastructure. Experience with RSpec or any other test framework relevant to Ruby on Rails. Experience coding in Kotlin. Experience developing integrations with external services (e.g., Microsoft Teams apps, Zoom apps, Slack apps). Experience or interest in machine learning. Experience working in a startup. Being based out of the Greater Toronto Area would be an asset. Start date: As soon as possible. Employment type: Full-time. Location: Remote (our tech & product team is mainly located in Toronto, Canada). Compensation: $100k-$125K CAD, depending on experience. 15 paid vacation/personal/sick days. 10 additional paid vacation days per year after 2 years at Pavestep. Your birthday off. Your significant other’s birthday off. Every 4th Friday of the month off. Every 2nd Friday of the month is half day. No work communications during off-hours $65 CAD monthly education allowance. $650 CAD annual technology allowance. Annual company retreats. Coverage/reimbursement for healthcare/dental/insurance. Step 1: Complete the application. Step 2: 30-minute introductory call. Step 3: 1-hour technical interview with collaborative “whiteboard” session. Step 4: 15-minute behavioural interview. Step 5: Offer letter! Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Work from home Monday to Friday How many years of work experience do you have using Ruby on Rails? How many years of software development experience do you have? How many years of experience do you have leading/mentoring junior developers? Do you have any experience developing application integrations with Zoom, Slack, Microsoft Teams, and/or Microsoft Outlook? Do you have any experience with Kotlin? Yes 
ScrapedJobID453:
8 hour shift Are you eligible to work in Canada? English (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID454:
A bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or similar A minimum of 1-2 years of proven work experience in software development Demonstrated experience in: NET; C#, ASP.NET Core SQL Server or MySQL Angular/React/Typescript; NodeJS Bootstrap/CSS; Cloud (Azure, AWS) Full stack web development Distributed scalable web systems and Web security/authentication; Demonstrated experience in solution development, facilitation of decision making, and team work Experience in all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Are client-delivery focused, and committed to working as a flexible extension to our clients to earn a place as their trusted advisor Possess superior written and verbal communication skills Have a natural curiosity towards gaining new understanding and broadening your knowledge base Are skilled in managing and prioritizing multiple projects and competing deadlines Have strong analytical and problem-solving skills. 
ScrapedJobID455:
Work with agile teams as they perform feature level design, development, testing, performance Provide front-end architecture and aesthetic guidance and leadership. Maintain and extend Complete front-end development and code reviews, including new application builds, Collaborate with team to innovate, develop, research, recommend, communicate, and maintain Build, plan, and manage rolling out changes; provide mentoring and best practices for Front End Participate in building and applying processes for our Agile and SDLC practices Translate mock-ups and wireframes into clean, maintainable code Support for deployment and maintenance applications Perform other job-related duties as assigned 4+ years of Front-End UI Architecture Design - Development Experience 2+ years experience in .Net platform in developing web applications Demonstrated ability building websites using HTML5/CSS/JavaScript/Bootstrap/SASS/Compass Extensive expertise using script frameworks: AngularJS (Nice to have: ReactJS / Redux Ability to build responsive, cross-browser, highly-performant, and accessibility compliant Proficient in using built-in browser tools like Chrome Developer Tools Experience in NPM, node and other similar build tools. Experience with browser-based debugging and performance testing software Experience evaluating component libraries and choosing the best toolkit for the job Experience in automated testing of UI in a micro-service environment Strong working experience with version control (Git) and branching strategies Strong experience with publishing and consuming REST APIs Have a deep understanding of modern web development techniques and how to apply new Experience with Agile Software Development Must possess excellent communication skills and must be a quick learner with organized Degree in Computer Science, User Experience Design, or equivalent experience 
ScrapedJobID456:
Create Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements of the store. Make and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics database, animation and other software to make it appealing to clients. Study and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products, Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code. Candidate must be at least 2 years to less than 3 years’ experience in web developer job or related occupation. Must be at least Secondary (high) school graduate or equivalent. Must be able to perform the job with minimal supervision. Must be able to read, write and speak in English Organized, Client focus, Team player, Effective interpersonal skills, Initiative, Judgement, Dependability 
ScrapedJobID457:
Experience in Java or Java 8 J2EE Spring and Service Oriented Architecture SOAP REST. Must have knowledge or experience in Spring Boot Microservices Experience in web development web services SOAP REST. Basic Knowledge on HTML JavaScript CSS Familiar with design patterns. Ability to work both independently and as a team player. Experience and understanding of software source control systems preferably GitHub. Good hands on experience in Maven projects Java: 8 years (preferred) SOA: 1 year (required) Microservices: 1 year (required) No 
ScrapedJobID458:

ScrapedJobID459:
Flexible work schedule. Never have the feeling of being late again! Unlimited paid time off. Want a few extra vacation days for your overseas trip? No problem. Need to extend your weekend staycation? Just let us know! Birthday and work anniversary celebrations. We love to celebrate you! We’ll gift you gift cards or dinner for these special occasions. We promise not to make you awkwardly stand there while we sing “happy birthday” to you. Remote work options available. Work where you work best (though this may vary on the type of role and responsibilities). Many of our team members are working from home 80-90% of the year (permanent work-from-home opportunities available). Drop-And-Go Offices available. Prefer a change of scenery or tired of hearing your roommate's daily 9am Zoom calls? We have frequently sanitized, recently renovated, and pet-friendly offices in the GTA! Casual dress code in effect and come and go as you please! Free healthy snacks. Just let us know what snacks or coffee/tea keep you fueled, and we’ll stock them for the kitchen. Office gym. Eat too many of those snacks? Our employee-only office gym at our head office in Mississauga is available for you 24/7. It’s no Globo gym but it’ll do! Paid time off to volunteer. Are you involved in a local non-profit or do you enjoy pro-bono consulting? Outgivers get paid time off to give back to the community. Recognition programs. Convert your daily or weekly peer-to-peer brownie points for gift cards, trips, food, and more! Lead team meetings, check in with your team of Junior to Intermediate Web Developers and support them as required Work on actual development and coding of projects Present updates to stakeholders and executives, making recommendations and working in cross-functional teams Implement architecture and strategy Facilitate conversations that search for the best possible web development solutions and how to implement them with your team Use your knowledge and skills in Node.js, Postgres, DevOps, AWS, and azure You love being a Developer and mentor to Junior Devs You have team leadership experience or a passion for leadership and willing to take on the managerial aspect of the role You have strong listening and presentation skills, and can lead stakeholder meetings to discuss progress, updates, and strategic brainstorming You thrive under pressure and tight timelines, with an ability to shift priorities based on client or operational needs. You have experience working on "production-grade applications", so should have proven experience creating something that has already been deployed and has users You should be proficient in Node.js, Postgres, DevOps, AWS, and azure You’re looking for the next chapter of your career and want to be challenged in a fun and supportive environment! Exhibit our 4 core values. Our 4Gs – grit, growth, gratitude, and greatness – are what drives us all to keep growing and learning as Outgivers Bonus points Project management and/or ecommerce experience A desire to work in an exciting, fast-paced, global company with remote team members around the world Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Discounted or free food Extended health care Flexible schedule On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday What is your preferred start date? What is your expected salary range? (Optional) Link to any external links (ex. portfolio, website CV, previous projects, etc) Yes 
ScrapedJobID460:

ScrapedJobID461:

ScrapedJobID462:
Strive to achieve a 50-50 ratio between team management and software development tasks Take an active role in understanding technical requirements and devise solutions for achieving them Work closely with other members in the Engineering team to develop architecture and create implementation plans Support the web development team in carrying out tasks on a routine basis Lead and mentor other developers towards best practices and high development standard Review, test and enhance existing features Performance tuning, testing, and documentation 5+ years of professional experience with developing web applications Ability to develop comprehensive and well designed solutions for complex problems Enjoy mentoring and leading a team of developers and be accountable for their results Detail-oriented with the ability to learn new technologies and libraries through self-study Strong understanding of frontend frameworks such as React (preferred) or similar frameworks Extensive experience with developing web application backends using Flask (preferred), Django, Rails, Express, or equivalent frameworks Experience developing, optimizing and debugging complex SQL databases Past experience with using software development tools and methods (source control, unit testing, bug tracking, continuous integration, etc.) Experience deploying software on cloud platforms (e.g. GCP, AWS, Microsoft Azure) Day shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID463:
Define and drive the technical vision for our web development teams focused on enhancing our customer experience Find ways to coach and level-up the technical skills of those developers using your knowledge and expertise Be the champion for the architecture of our web platform, ensuring we are following best-practices and avoiding as much technical debt as possible Look out and advocate for opportunities to improve our technical processes to enable the best performance out of our teams as possible Build strong relationships with developers and peer technologists in across the organization. Work collaboratively across practices, levels, and organizational structure to find the right solution. The solution of choice may be to reuse an existing enterprise standard, but it could also be to innovate our processes and technology Lead by example in building great software. Get hands-on with the code only at key moments, such as building a proof of concept, tackling a gnarly bug or feature, or a hotfix for a high-priority issue in the production environment Foster a culture of continuous inclusivity and improvement. You have 8+ years of first-hand knowledge and experience with a variety of web technologies (namely React, NodeJS) and architectures, including legacy systems, cloud computing, high-demand operational settings, and microservices architectures. The breadth of your experience is more important than specific technologies. You are a thought leader for innovation and will champion the optimization and maturing of technology practices in collaboration with key stakeholders. You excel at knowledge transfer, both inbound and outbound. You know what questions to ask when drilling down into unfamiliar technology. You can translate the implications of high-level constraints and decisions stakeholders verbally and in writing. You are comfortable making decisions in the face of ambiguity. Your technology choices, designs, and architectures use as much data as is practical from a variety of sources. You communicate clearly and effectively to both technical and non-technical audiences alike. You can present complicated solutions in a simple and logical way. Your diagrams are crisp and clean. Your documents are organized, clear, and concise. You’re passionate about building rock solid software and opinionated about what good looks like. You have a hunger to learn and are open to change, which is evident in your constant hunt to improve yourself, our team, and our products. 
ScrapedJobID464:
Aptitude in software development fundamentals Previous experience with web development or a strong desire to ramp up quickly on it (React, Node JS), A pragmatic viewpoint to deliver the simplest technical solution that meets the requirements, and not to use technology for the sake of it An openness to write code that conforms to the best practices and policies of a large software organization, not just your personal preferences A desire to take ownership and pride in everything you do and stand by what you deliver Readiness to hit the ground running – you may not know how to solve everything right off the bat, but you will put in the time and effort to understand so that you can The internship will be for a period of 12 or 16 months. Co-op or internship program enrollment is mandatory Currently enrolled in a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field Coding across the entire stack – UI, Services and Data Unit testing, test-driven development and test automation engineering in a real-world SaaS environment Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) using Amazon Web Services (AWS) A technology toolbelt that includes leading edge languages and tools with knowledge on when and why to use them How to work as an individual contributor on a large software team How an SDLC (software development life cycle) works in industry and scales to large teams releasing multiple interrelated software component multiple times per day How to get your code into production to be used by real customers How to adopt industry best practices in all of your projects - TDD (test driven development), CI/CD (continuous integration and continuous delivery), IaC (Infrastructure as Code), linting, static code analysis Software and system architecture best practices, such as a microservice architecture and serverless computing, that allows a complex business application to scale to millions of users in a cost-effective manner An agile development environment delivering software features to production every day Team lunches, team events, flexible work environment A relentless desire to continuously improve 
ScrapedJobID465:
Design on-brand creative solutions for a variety of uses, such as landing pages, email, social media graphics, brand campaigns, banner ads and photography Design, code and manage, engaging and responsive landing pages. Handling the entire process from wireframes, to mockups, to the HTML & CSS coding Create, and manage both English and French landing pages Create graphics, design layouts for email, as well as the HTML/CSS coding of email Work within pre-formatted email templates, as well as designing and coding new templates to create efficiencies wherever possible. Design & manage visual assets for all marketing campaigns online as well as offline. Work within established brand guidelines, standards and timelines to create creative collateral related to digital strategies and tactics. Create and manage workflow processes to ensure an efficient workflow between project stakeholders and the design team. Occasional designs for formats such as print, video and PPT documents Other projects as needed Good understanding of search engine optimization principles. Knowledge of AODA best practices Criminal Background Check Fully vaccinated against Covid-19 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Web design: 4 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID466:
Responsible for the design, development, unit testing, systems testing, release, deployment and maintenance of custom built java web-applications to meet established client and system requirements. Work closely with clients, and cross-functional team members to understand business and technical requirements that drive the analysis and design of technical solutions. Provide client support and consultation for development, integration as well as advice in areas of expertise. Perform unit-level testing of system components and fix bugs. Develop and review supporting technical specifications, design and documentations to ensure completeness. Develop detailed design of application components, and write maintainable, high quality code in a timely fashion. Provide code maintenance and support across testing / validation cycles and post-production deployment. Participate in user training and demonstrations of the web application products on an as-needed basis. Support project estimating / planning processes. Ensure adherence to system development lifecycle standards. Identify functional and technical application enhancements based on client feedback, internal reviews and industry leading practices and help to prioritize, plan, and execute ongoing enhancements for the betterment of the system / product. Participate in the evaluation, implementation, and documentation of existing and new web-based business solutions. Contribute to the architectural design and development of a modern, strategic web-based application infrastructure. Support in special web development and IT initiatives, as needed: Web User Interface re-design and re-fresh, evaluation and upgrade of server operating systems, hardware, and software requirements, implementation of improved encryption standards for communications to and from secure server applications, optimize web security infrastructure for user authentication and authorization to controlled components. Adhere to software development process frameworks and tools (including change control, quality assurance procedures) using leading practices, design patterns, and methodologies. Perform database design, modeling, and database maintenance. Identify and implement security measures for internet applications infrastructure. Perform system validation requirements and procedures for web applications. M.Sc. in Computer Science, Mathematics or related fields. Eight or more years of experience in relevant field. Architecting re-usable and extendable web based solutions. Understanding and applying J2EE security, Concurrency, Transactions, Session Management, J2EE Patterns, and Frameworks to application solutions. Broad experience with various computing platforms (Unix and Windows). Experience with Architecture and Design patterns. Experience with component-based development. Requirements gathering and analysis. Software development frameworks and methodologies, including SDLC, Waterfall, and Agile delivery methods. 
ScrapedJobID467:
A positive and collaborative work style, strong relationship management skills Strong proficiency in modern marketing technology (CRM, Marketing automation) Expert knowledge and experience using WordPress Content Management System (CMS) Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, and the ability to relate and communicate with people at all levels of the organization Very strong organizational skills and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment with multiple priorities Passion for excellence and attention to detail A great attitude and entrepreneurial spirit, embracing our vision “a step above” Develop a strategy for our website(s) including establishing requirements, gaining stakeholder support and providing recommendations on solutions Lead the creation of optimized high-conversion web pages for marketing campaigns, in partnership with the marketing team Demonstrate ability to drive web strategy, technical and execution requirements for an evolving business and supporting web and Martech ecosystem Translate modern marketing needs into technical requirements and propose innovative technical solutions Drive MarTech/AdTech stack strategy and architecture – manage, recommend, build, integrate and maintain best in class technology stack that enables modern marketing capabilities Produces and analyzes and tracks KPIs, specifically related to website traffic and online marketing campaigns Ensure compliance in the email channel with all relevant laws and regulations Work with CRM architecture and collaborate on how to capture all required data at key points in the customer lifecycle Collaborate widely with cross-enterprise business and channel stakeholders, internal and external partners including Agency teams Manages key vendor relationships and ensures third party agencies and partners are held accountable to key performance metrics and goals University degree in marketing or a related field (marketing, web development) 10+ years of experience in digital marketing or web development role Corporate website management, experience with WordPress or similar CMS and website analytics Experience leading website strategies for multiple brands Strong understanding of digital marketing tactics including display, SEM/SEO and tools, Google Analytics, Google Console, Sharepoint, MS Dynamics, ClickDimensions Proven record of influencing a business or marketing strategy application and/or management of data driven decisions Experience with marketing automation platforms, content management platforms Vendor relationship management experience 
ScrapedJobID468:

ScrapedJobID469:

ScrapedJobID470:
You want to work for a company that is building impactful, relevant technology. One team, one goal, leading innovation in securing and protecting today's online user presence! You want to work with a product where the customer comes first. Exceptional results come from collaboration and a joint vision shared with and by our customers. You appreciate the flexibility to manage your time and work, your way! Diversity is essential for innovation and creating amazing products, contribute to a vibrant and diverse culture, collaborate with resourceful, customer focused teams! Writing designing, building, or maintaining web-based software applications. Using scripting or authoring languages, management tools, content creation tools, applications, and digital media. Conferring with teams to resolve conflicts, prioritize needs, develop content criteria, or choose solutions. Developing or validating test routines and schedules to ensure that test cases mimic real world scenarios. Developing, maintaining, and complying with various accessibility standards for the Web. Maintaining an understanding of the latest Web technologies and programming practices through education, study, and participation in conferences, workshops, and groups. Identifying problems uncovered by customers, QA, and other users who provide feedback and testing. Evaluating code to ensure it meets industry standards, is valid, properly structured, and compatible with browsers, devices, and operating systems. Bachelor's degree in Web development or related field, or relevant experience. Solid knowledge and experience in programming applications. Proficient in PHP, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, ReactJS, VueJS, Bootstrap and related technologies. Proficient in My SQL. Dedicated team player. Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment. Solid ability in both written and verbal communication. Knowledge of programming language and technical terminology. Able to develop ideas and processes and clearly express them. High degree of independent judgment. Able to solve complex problems. Maintaining, improving, and implementing RESTful APIs. Developers who are unafraid to learn through research and who will drive conversation and recommendations based on their experience and findings. Work collaboratively with QA, Engineering and Product Management teams to improve existing and deliver new software components to meet the needs of our customers. Competitive salary and health benefits. Annual financial assistance for job-related Professional Development activities. 3 Weeks’ vacation per year (first year pro-rated to start date). Eligibility to participate in Company RRSP/DPSP (contribution matching program). A fast-paced always changing environment to learn and develop technical skills. Opportunity to work with talented colleagues on exciting software applications. Casual, comfortable office environment in which to work and the ability to work from home or remotely. Casual dress Dental care Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Web-based software development work: 3 years (preferred) JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, ReactJS, VueJS,: 3 years (preferred) improving, and implementing RESTful APIs work: 3 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID471:
Lead technical solution discussions Mentor other developers Develop and support a high-volume eCommerce application, including numerous API connections to other systems Work mostly on backend web server development, with some frontend and operations tasks Participate in the migration of data from acquired systems into OpenText systems Investigate and fix advanced (3rd level) application issues Quickly learn challenging new technologies and contribute to modernizing our platform Participate in the full software development lifecycle (requirements, design, code, unit test, implementation), including taking complete ownership of any assigned tasks Develop solutions to meet the business requirements while meeting time and cost constraints Translate and validate business requirements and transfer into functional/technical requirement documents working within the framework of the tools available Interact with Business representatives to ensure their requirements are being met Contribute to the evaluation/execution of system upgrades Adhere to IT Change Management and best practices 6+ years of extensive knowledge of server-side web development and common patterns (PHP framework preferred) Experience developing and working with Web Services (React, jQuery, REST preferred) Strong knowledge of Relational Databases (SQL Server preferred) Experience using a source control management system (Git preferred) Experience with Linux servers and working on the command line, Operations experience is desired but not required Cloud experience (GCP preferred) is desired but not required Experience leading projects and mentoring other developers Experienced with handling multiple competing priorities and shifting focus quickly Exhibited skills writing unit tests Experience deriving technical requirements from non-technical sources An aptitude and willingness to learn new technology quickly and adapt to technology changes Strong hands-on experience with web technologies, web standards & protocols An aptitude to deeply understand business processes Experience integrating with third-party APIs A bachelor’s degree, college diploma or equivalent experience in software development Strong communication skills and the ability to manage multiple projects at one time to meet deadlines The ability to work independently and as part of a team 
ScrapedJobID472:

ScrapedJobID473:
Develop WordPress websites including layout and content, using HTML, CSS and JavaScript Theming in WordPress Develop custom WordPress post-types Develop WordPress plugins Collaborate with UX designers and web content writers to develop websites Keeping plugins and WordPress up-to-date Testing Communication with internal team and clients WordPress HTML CSS/LESS/SASS JavaScript JavaScript skills using common libraries like jQuery (experience with Vue, React, Svelte are nice to have) PHP – mostly to be used for developing custom plugins, or handling more advanced WordPress theme manipulations Strong English communication skills (both oral and written) Experience with Elementor page builder Experience with Jet plugins (Crocoblock) 
ScrapedJobID474:
End-to-end development of software systems from architecture and design through development to deployments and maintenance. Provides input to the technology leadership, project management and account teams to define deliverables and timelines. Experiment with and evaluate new technologies 3-5 years developing website and web applications Extensive experience with modern HTML, JavaScript, and CSS Hands-on experience of modern JavaScript technologies Applied knowledge of web and mobile development best practices Understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues Understanding of programming fundamentals and development process and strategies (ie: software development models, database systems, TDD, unit tests, domain driven design, etc.) Excellent verbal and written communication skillsTeam orientation and sparkling interpersonal skills Postsecondary education in Computer Science, Engineering, the Sciences or Mathematics. Experience with continuous deployment tools We expect all of our developers to be exceptionally proficient at coding. As a self-check, you should be able to do the following questions in your sleep using your favourite programming language. Reverse a simple words-only sentence ("bob likes dogs" -> "dogs likes bob") Write jQuery code to log the value of a select element every time it changes 
ScrapedJobID475:
Working independently on multiple smaller tasks or larger builds with shifting priorities and tight deadlines Adhering to and providing accurate estimates for the amount of time required to repair a defect, a build, or to add additional functionality to an existing application Providing efficient solutions in a timely manner for work requests, issues, and defects Communicating well with account managers, supervisors, and clients in regards to work requests, problems and defects Acting as both a peer / mentor to other developers as well as be comfortable asking for help from team members Implementing updates & revisions to web applications Experience building React applications that:
Work with an API to serve dynamic content from an outside source.
Will interact with headless Drupal setups through specifications like JSON:API. Work with an API to serve dynamic content from an outside source. Will interact with headless Drupal setups through specifications like JSON:API. We work extensively with Drupal which is a PHP based content management framework, and while Drupal experience is a plus, it’s not a requirement. Experience working with design systems or style guides provided by a creative or UX team. Ability to find and fix problems in code, this might not be your code and your only hint might be a cryptic complaint from a client. If you know other programming languages or frameworks, don’t forget to mention them, any technical knowledge is relevant. Comfortable with the command line, such as running scripts or managing files While this is a React position, applicants with Vue, Angular or other javascript framework experience will be considered. Formal education or prior experience is NOT required, we just want to know that you can code, so hopefully you have some code you can show us. All offers of employment with Acro Media Inc are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Flex start times & Earned days off: Do you prefer to start at 8:00? or 9:00? We'll work with you. Want every second Friday off? Well we've got a program for that too! Paid Overtime: What? What?! Yep you heard right. We pay for all approved OT...not that we want everyone working so hard, but with the natural ebb and flow of our industry sometimes it's needed to blast out the OT in order to keep our heads above water. We find this little pay cheque nugget is a nice reward for the over timerz. Slappies: Tougher to explain but once a month we get together and have a little ceremony, some food, a few brews - no altars or corporate chants involved. Fun day: We aim to have fun every day; however, every year for a day we cram a bunch of fun on ourselves. Weee! SPARC Events: Sometimes we have an in-house breakfast, team building events, (less corny than it sounds), competitions, or just a plain little reward for no reason. It's a little spark in our usually normal days. Warning, we wear costumes. Often. Culture: We're a certain type of people. We're all a little different and unique in our own way but we seem to work well together. No one’s perfect and we embrace that. We take our work seriously, but we don't take ourselves too seriously. Check out our site to get to know us! Remote work available! 
ScrapedJobID476:
post-secondary graduates, who are up to 30 years, or younger, at the start of the internship; legally entitled to work in Canada (ONLY candidates with Canadian citizen, Permanent Resident or person who has been granted refugee status); and, self-assess as underemployed, meaning they are employed below their level of education, outside their field of study, or hold part-time employment. Flexible schedule Work from home Day shift Are you a Canadian Citizen or Permanent Resident? Are you currently in school ore recently graduated? Yes 
ScrapedJobID477:
Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID478:
Integration of user-facing elements developed by a front-end developer with server-side logic Building reusable code and libraries Optimization of the application for maximum speed and scalability Build and maintain Web API’s consumed by front end and mobile applications Troubleshoot , debug and Upgrade existing applications Work with developers, designers and system admin to implement new features Develop documentation throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC) Integrating web analytics tools Like Google Analytics Highly Proficient knowledge of a back-end programming in Microsoft stack with .NET, C#, MVC and preferably knowledge in one or more of PHP, Ruby, Java etc Strong Understanding of Object Oriented Programming Experience with Programming and management of MS SQL Server database, stored procedures and functions Familiarity with front-end languages (e.g. HTML, JavaScript and CSS) Experience with Object Relational Mapping tools like Entity framework or NHibernate Good understanding of Web services , REST and RPC APIs Experience with Implementing automated and unit testing platforms Like NUnit Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git and SVN Experience with AWS environment is a plus 
ScrapedJobID479:
Financial markets intrigue you You enjoy solving complex problems You are looking to work collaboratively with an experienced team You continuously look for ways to innovate Machine learning excites you You are looking to grow your career in a fast-paced start up On a journey of constant and never-ending improvement Data-driven in all aspects of our business Transparent and operate with integrity Managing risk in our products and for our employees Rapidly growing and looking for the right people to build top-notch trading strategies and technologies Help design, implement and refine our integrative UI used internally for analyzing trades and collecting and reporting data Assist with designing and structuring system architecture in a highly scalable manner using massive data sets Implementing new trading logic into our algorithms and improve upon existing logic under direction of quantitative researchers Develop and direct software system validation and automated testing methods including unit, integration, acceptance and algorithm backtests SQL Python Javascript and HTML React Common development tools; git, Jira, Confluence, Slack etc. Agile methodologies and workflow You enjoy learning from the markets Ability to work creatively and independently to solve complex problems Exceptional attention to detail and desire to understand issues deeply Understand when to spend time researching a problem on your own and when to ask for help Thrive in a collaborative, fast-paced environment Strong communication skills and work ethic Startup Culture – We are a fast paced, high growth start-up where every team member plays a fundamental role to our success. Want to create an impact and work in a rapidly growing start-up? You’ve come to the right place. Competitive Compensation – In addition to competitive base salaries with tons of opportunity to grow with us, we offer ESOP and profit sharing. Training and Development – We allocate a training budget for each team member to ensure we are striving for constant, never-ending improvement as individuals and as a team. Four Weeks Vacation – Right off the bat you’ll have four weeks vacation, with an opportunity for more. Work hard, play hard. 
ScrapedJobID480:
Diplôme d’études collégiales ou universitaires en design graphique ou en design web Maitrise de la suite office et la suite Adobe : InDesign, Illustrator, Photoshop, XD Connaissances en web, HTML, CSS et en design web UX/UI Autonomie, rigueur, souci du détail, capacité à travailler sur plusieurs projets en même temps Créativité, dynamisme et aptitudes relationnelles Maitrise des langues françaises et anglaises, parlées et écrites Horaire de travail : 40h/semaine, du lundi au vendredi, horaire flexible possibilité de faire Durée : 4 mois avec possibilité d’embauche à temps plein Date prévue d’entrée en fonction : 22 novembre 2021 Salaire: entre 17$/heure et 22$/heure selon expérience Expérience extrêmement enrichissante assurée! Un environnement stimulant, rempli de projets et de défis Avoir entre 15 et 30 ans au début du stage Avoir obtenu un diplôme d’études postsecondaires Ne pas avoir participé au Programme CNJ depuis le 1er avril 2020 Avoir légalement le droit de travailler au Canada Être citoyen canadien, résident permanent ou avoir obtenu le statut de réfugié au Canada Se considérer comme sous-employés, c’est-à-dire occuper un emploi exigeant un niveau de Horaires flexibles Travail à Distance 8 Heures Du Lundi au Vendredi Le/la candidat.e doit répondre aux critères d’admissibilité ci-dessous : Avoir entre 15 et 30 ans au début du stage Avoir obtenu un diplôme d’études postsecondaires Ne pas avoir participé au Programme CNJ depuis le 1er avril 2020 Avoir légalement le droit de travailler au Canada Être citoyen canadien, résident permanent ou avoir obtenu le statut de réfugié au Canada Se considérer comme sous-employés, c’est-à-dire occuper un emploi exigeant un niveau de Oui 
ScrapedJobID481:
Write, maintain and deliver code while understanding the business needs; based on the size of our team and work required, you will spend the majority of your time writing code for our application. Our application has three major features; collecting employee data, mining data for insights and presenting it to users in a meaningful way that protects employee anonymity and inspires action. You will receive work from the development team process that focuses on building out bigger pieces of the product. You will also help the customer service team troubleshoot when issues arise that require development support for an immediate fix. Apply testing frameworks; you will be responsible for taking our current testing framework and applying it to our application. Through this process, you will look for areas of improvement and ensure they are applied. Apply testing frameworks; you will be responsible for taking our current testing framework and applying it to our application. Through this process, you will look for areas of improvement and ensure they are applied. Help define the future of the product by participating in defining features and road-maps. You are able to connect your work to an understanding of our product and the end-user experience. This role requires you to have a business understanding of how our product is used by customers and expects that you are able to participate in linking development work to how the product supports those who use it. You will be a key participant in meetings across the organization to both gain insight, and give perspective that connects the development team to the broader business context. Act as a team member on the development and WorkTango team as a whole; collaboration with team members is our top priority. You will be working with people both senior and junior to you, whom you will be expected to collaborate with regularly. For example, you will be spending most of your time in development, which will require interaction with the design team and other developers. You may play a dev ops role with the customer service team and clients in need of immediate help to solve internal technical issues. A large part of your success in this role will be determined through your ability to collaborate with others in the organization and help contribute to the team and the goals we are trying to achieve. A true Senior developer; to us this means you have a history of proven work experience working with designers, pm’s and other developers. You can speak about one or more programming languages with authority and have deployed applications that are in the hands of users. Your next learning areas might include architecture, security, performance and infrastructure management. Years of experience is likely irrelevant; but you probably remember the rise of static web apps (Angular, React etc) and the growth of serverless and cloud computing. Determined and meticulous with your work; you take pride in what you create and can independently deliver code that meets high-quality standards. You live in the space between the competing priorities of shipping code quickly and being a perfectionist around its structure. You are growth-oriented; you are continually honing your craft, and keeping up with the best tools for the job. You listen to development-related podcasts, read blogs, attend meetups and other learning events with the desire to be masterful in your craft. With this growth mindset, you are open to input and feedback from those around you and willing to change based on the feedback that you get. You hope this role will develop you into a senior developer and we will work to make that happen. You are growth-oriented; you are continually honing your craft, and keeping up with the best tools for the job. You listen to development-related podcasts, read blogs, attend meetups and other learning events with the desire to be masterful in your craft. With this growth mindset, you are open to input and feedback from those around you and willing to change based on the feedback that you get. You hope this role will develop you into a senior developer and we will work to make that happen. Someone familiar with parts of our tech stack; Frontend: React, Material UI
Backend: Node.js, MySQL, Knex, Sequelize
DevOps: AWS, GitLab Frontend: React, Material UI
Backend: Node.js, MySQL, Knex, Sequelize
DevOps: AWS, GitLab Frontend: React, Material UI Backend: Node.js, MySQL, Knex, Sequelize DevOps: AWS, GitLab Business and customer oriented team-player; you focus on working collaboratively with all teams in our business. You understand that inputs from clients, customer-service, sales and other departments will help you guide your work and you value their input. You understand our end-user and how the backend of our application impacts our client’s work lives. Someone who is inspired by our virtues; our founders have invested their lives in ensuring WorkTango lives and breathes what we’re trying to create for customers. Our passion statement and virtues drive our actions and decision-making. You have not only read these on our website but can speak to how you’ll influence them if you join our team. 
ScrapedJobID482:
Building web applications for various Liquidity and Capital Stress testing Defining the architecture for new web developments Managing each initiative given by management from start to end, meaning: Work with users and business analysts to understand user needs and translate requirements into systems Propose designs and implement the project accordingly Review and design the architecture for the new systems Estimate effort and ensure timely delivery Ensure agile and continuous delivery methodology is followed Ensure code is well tested Ensure that release management / change management processes are followed Be responsible for the 2nd and 3rd level of support Assist the support team in the rollout of releases Give clear and consistent reports to the clients and management Assess risks and develop contingent strategies Collaborate with others teams (networking, systems, quality insurance, support, architects, others development teams..). Rely on IT best practices to improve quality of development Participate as a motivated, proactive and highly contributing member of the global team Manage several streams of work concurrently Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Good written and verbal communication skills Strong knowledge of programming design patterns Team player Dynamic, detail oriented, fast learning capacity and able to work in a high-pressure environment Previous significant experience as a developer in an investment banking environment (plus) BS degree in Computer Science or equivalent Degree in finance (plus) French spoken and written (plus) Full stack C# / Angular HTML5, CSS3 and ES6 Experience with RESTful services Working in an Agile development team TDD/BDD and its practical implementation commonly used design patterns and multi-threading Dependency Injection An understanding of version control SVN &amp; GIT An understanding of continuous integration and continuous delivery Other object-oriented design languages and methodologies (Java, C/C++) (plus) Test automation tools (plus) Python (plus) Excel / VBA development (plus) MS SQL Server database (plus) Join an international group of IT Consulting Service, committed to the digital transformation of its customers for 20 years. Join a Canadian group with more than 100 consultants, working in an agile and pragmatic way with large companies (Finance, Insurance, Telecommunications, Services, Distribution, Public sector) by combining consulting services / technological expertise / innovation / ability to deliver and deploy projects Join dynamic teams, where the role of the employee is at the center of attention, with the desire to create spaces allowing everyone to flourish Have the opportunity to access the different communities to contribute to development and to innovate, all with a strong team spirit and entrepreneurship 
ScrapedJobID483:
Set up and maintain test environments Develop programs for web-based client automated testing, based on User Stories or Test Cases Create, execute and maintain automation test suites Analyze automated test failures and escalation to respective development teams Collaborate with members of the QA team to improve QA practices Follow established QA standards and practices in all aspects of the QA Testing Lifecycle Follow established coding and development standards and practices in all aspects of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) Stay abreast of trends in software, web and mobile testing practices including conducting research into current and emerging technologies and issues in support of testing efforts Adapt to and learn new practice and technologies May provide guidance to activities of new and/or less experienced Automated Test Developers Create and maintain specifications and documentation Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related technical experience Minimum 3 years of experience with automated testing tools in Web Applications Proficiency in an object-oriented programming/scripting language such as Java, C#, JavaScript Experience as a Test Automation Developer using - JUnit, TestNG Test Framework Experience with web testing tools (e.g. Selenium, JMeter) Experience using and configuring CI build tools such as Jenkins Experience using source control systems such as GIT Knowledge of testing methodologies and test plan management tools Ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams Strong analytical skills Demonstrates TVO's values: we value bold thinking, we embrace change, we thrive with diverse voices, we honour our commitments, we're better together 
ScrapedJobID484:
Architect and program efficient and scalable webapps that help bring the latest research to production. Work closely with applied scientists and engineers to execute ambitious projects. Work on a variety of projects from to visualizations, data analysis tools, to customer facing webapps. Ability to run with a project end to end with minimal supervision. Bachelor’s in computer science or Software Engineering. Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science, Mathematics, or related field. 4+ years of experience coding in Python, JavaScript or Typescript 3+ years of industry experience coding in HTML/CSS, JavaScript or Typescript Hands on experience with React Experience or interest in natural language understanding/generation. Experience with bot development Industry experience with React strongly preffered 
ScrapedJobID485:
State-of-the-art offices that are designed to maximize collaboration Flexible working arrangements Enriching challenges that provide opportunity for constant learning and advancement An environment which is leveraging technology to its highest potential 5+ years of relevant experience B.Sc. in a computer science/engineering or significant web development experience Development experience in Angular, HTML5, JavaScript/Typescript and CSS required Must be comfortable on the Linux command line, not just Windows development. Confident command of English Strong interpersonal and communication skills Attention to detail Willingness to learn and apply new technologies Development experience using AngularJS or React is highly preferred Development experience in python desired, but other backend development experience is useful Video dated October 2019. 
ScrapedJobID486:
A short check in on Zoom, to align everyone’s goals, firefight unexpected issues, or scope out incoming project requests. Self-guided work on previously-scoped projects, typically represented by tickets in Jira. Communicating with your teammates, and others in the company, on Slack, our go-to communication tool. Reviewing your teammates’ newly checked-in code in Github to suggest changes or improvements. Brainstorming and documenting ways to make the existing codebase better. Infrequent but essential inter-team meetings to discuss objectives and highlight challenges including, but not limited to: product marketing, SEO and searchability optimization, or content creation. Tactical team meetings to discuss long term goals, review and troubleshoot technical debt and legacy issues, and reflect on recent successes and challenges. Special projects or experiments to challenge ourselves to think outside the box and come up with new or different ways to improve our website. Optionally, zoom socials and games to help blow off some steam! 
ScrapedJobID487:
Work with the team to design software Manage and develop websites Identify and create frontend development tools and systems Identify and implement process improvements to enhance the user experience Expertise in Javascript, Vue.js and Webpack Expertise in HTML5 and ES6 Expertise in CSS3 and responsive design Experience working with Restful APIs Experience with Node.js and other popular libraries Able to design and develop structural code Bachelor’s degree or equivalent Work with cutting-edge technologies Great leadership team and great atmosphere Career growth and professional development opportunities Health and dental benefits Flexible hours We work with movies. It’s a lot of fun! 
ScrapedJobID488:
Meeting with teams to discuss website front-end design, UX/UI, plugin development and other design functions. Designing and building the website's front-end UI. Creating the website architecture. Designing and managing the website back-end dashboard, including database and server integration. Generating WordPress themes and plugins. Conducting website performance tests. Troubleshooting content issues. Conducting WordPress training with teams. Monitoring the performance of the live website. Creating, designing, and deploying landing pages. Knowledge of Miro, Notion, Dovetail, Figma, Airtable, Overflow, Pen and Paper, Portopie, Lookback, Maze, Trello, OptimalSorGoogle Forms, Typeform, OptionalWorkshop Questions, Capian, Paper, Belvedere Calendar, Zeroheight, The A11y Project, Lighthouse, WAVE, Color Oracle would be nice to have but not necessary. Manage analytics reporting from sources such as Google Analytics, Alexa, Oribi, HotJar. Keep up with the latest trends, stacks, and frameworks in the front-end/javascript ecosystem. Be comfortable working sometimes independently and with teams. Designing and implementing applications using web technologies such as WordPress, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Exposure to React, Angular in an Agile environment (nice to have) Working with JavaScript frameworks and web frameworks as necessary Undergraduate degree in the design-related field; Graduate degree preferred or Degree in Computer Science, Interactive Design, UX/UI Design, or additional relevant education. Minimum of 3 to 5 years of digital design experience, WordPress professional experience, preferably in digital design, interaction and visual design, menus, UI and UX Proven work experience as a WordPress Developer is a must. Knowledge of front-end technologies including CSS3, JavaScript, HTML5, and jQuery. Knowledge of code versioning tools, including Git, Mercurial, and SVN. Experience working with debugging tools such as Chrome Inspector and Firebug. Good understanding of website architecture and aesthetics. Ability to project manage. Good communication skills. Substantial expertise in user interactions for a high-traffic web application. Solid knowledge of front-end markup and design frameworks: HTML/CSS, Bootstrap, Material Design, WordPress. Firm understanding of responsive web and mobile design. Expertise in either visual design or interaction design, plus experience and continued growth in the other discipline. In-depth knowledge of UX/UI principles and best practices, user-centred design, and design thinking. Advanced understanding of business processes and operations, project methodologies, organizational practices, and business transformation. Expertise in using software tools and windows applications, primary focus on PHP. Aptitude in exercising sound judgment while making decisions and handling confidential information with discretion. A dynamic, diligent, and effective influencer with a can-do attitude to exercise initiative and handle several tasks and changing priorities. A strong communicator with established customer experience skills who can effectively connect, both verbally and in writing, with customers and related teams courteously and effectively. Proficient in Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator. Proficiency in working with plugins. Proficiency with responsive development. Portfolio/pdf samples of recent work, including web and mobile case studies. Familiar with various hosting environments and related web applications (email, web servers, DNS, etc.) Experience coding HTML emails Familiarity with accessibility guidelines for web development A dynamic, diligent, and effective influencer with a can-do attitude to exercise initiative and handle several tasks and changing priorities. A strong communicator with established customer experience skills who can effectively connect, both verbally and in writing, with teams in a courteous and effective manner Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID489:
Providing SFCC expertise and solution design and implementation Design, code, and test technical solutions Understand technical requirements and propose alternative options to improve applications Identify and troubleshoot system deficiencies and recommend solutions Create technical documentation Knowledge of SFCC is required Knowledge of digital commerce components Knowledge of digital commerce integrations Extensive knowledge of JavaScript 5+ years ecommerce experience Remote or hybrid in Montreal 50% employer paid healthcare 3 weeks vacation, 10 sick days, 4 personal days, 3 wellness days Flexible working hours Free parking onsite Bonus pay Dental care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID490:
Building digital products like websites, micro sites, web applications, interactive visualizations and apps for a broad range of clients Maintaining code from planning to building through testing, deployment and updates Delivering either just the front end or the CMS portion of a project in collaboration with another developer, or delivering the whole project Working closely with UX and creative directors, designers, developers, and other specialists to estimate and deliver projects Motivated to learn about your craft Passionate about clean, maintainable code Interested in a user’s actual experience as much as code passing tests A visual thinker who cares about quality and design Obsessed with performance Confident in communicating your ideas and able to collaborate and discuss work with designers 3+ years’ working experience Ability to accurately turn prototypes and mockups into living interfaces and ask the right questions as they’re designed Deep knowledge of CSS and SASS Ability to work with common CMS systems and frameworks depending on the need – common platforms like WordPress or Squarespace, or spinning up a lightweight custom solution Good JavaScript knowledge – you can traverse the DOM, plus you know when a library is useful vs. when it’s not Comfortable with Git and the command line Experience with automation and build systems, ideally Gulp, Webpack An eye for details Front end framework skills Headless CMS skills e.g., Gatsby Data visualization skills UI design 
ScrapedJobID491:
Work with other senior developers to plan and refine the app to meet new challenges Write complex UI components, business logic, and supporting systems Follow guidelines for UI accessibility in all development Document all work in Storybook, Readme's, and other sources as applicable Create unit tests for everything you create using Enzyme and Jest Diagnose and fix bugs in all areas of the app Assist with front-end DevOps tasks Mentor and support less experienced developers in all aspects of development Contribute to planning sessions, code reviews, and other team collaboration Participate in all team activities and agile processes: scrum, refining, retrospective, etc. Computer science or development certification, or equivalent experience with complex systems Advanced JavaScript skills, with 5+ years' experience in web application UI development Expert-level knowledge of the JavaScript ecosystem, including ES6 and beyond Strong knowledge of CSS tools, like Sass, Less & JSS – we use them all Deep knowledge of software architecture and design patterns Expert-level knowledge of the React library and its ecosystem, with 3+ years' experience Familiar with all aspects of the scrum development process and associated planning tools Experienced using Jira or a similar system to manage work Strong knowledge of Git and workflow control – we use BitBucket Strong technical and personal communication skills, both written and oral Strong test-writing skills with ability to teach Experience building and supporting reusable React components, including open-source Experience with Antd UI library, and/or other open-source libraries like Material UI Familiarity with latest React Router versions, and routing in general Experience with Service Workers, Cache interface, and other common PWA tools Experience with Charting libraries, like d3 and AmCharts Experience with Google Maps and/or other geo-location knowledge Experience with ElasticSearch and building DSL queries Experience with Kibana and customizing it Experience with Redux Saga – a legacy tool being phased out Experience with Ember – a legacy frame-work being phased out Deep knowledge of WebPack, Babel, Grunt, and similar tools Knowledge of Docker, Kubernetes, and similar tools Basic dev-ops knowledge, like nginx and its configuration 
ScrapedJobID492:
Improve existing tech for reliability, performance and scalability. Coordinate with team members to discover the best solution for the clients. Conceptualize new features that we could offer exclusively. Document your code and assist in its build and deployment to production. Rapidly learn and become productive using multiple development stacks. 1-3 years of Experience in Software Development Frontend – Java/HTML/CSS platform Education: B.E. or B.tech or M.tech in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent fields. BSc+ Strong English proficiency both spoken and written. Strong hold on Data structures and Algorithms. Experience with Styled-Components, SASS. Experience with React, Vue, or Angular. Strong hold on Programming languages – Java and Spring Boot. Should have experience with Messaging formats - RabbitMQ/Kafka. Should have experience in Cloud-based technologies, distributed programming andObjectOrientedProgramming constructs. Oracle Database. French language knowledge. Hours: 9:00 AM - 5:30 PM Eastern Standard time. Wage: $65,000 - $75,000/year. 2 Weeks of Vacation. A great environment and the right tools to do great work. 
ScrapedJobID493:

ScrapedJobID494:
Contribute to software projects in a team-oriented environment Build the platform and integrations, following architectural patterns and guidance Participate in planning and execution for the platform and integrations Work with internal and external customers to ensure systems are appropriately tested Create and maintain technical documentation, sharing knowledge with team members Contribute to continually improving development processes, tools, and standards Provide technical expertise including benefits, impacts, and estimates to support decision making Develop with the business in mind through a deep understanding of Railtown AI’ industry, customers, and business processes 3+ years experience developing and debugging web applications 3+ years experience with JavaScript Expert in HTML and CSS Diploma or Degree in Computer Science, or equivalent equivalent work experience Consuming or creating web services with REST Demonstrated ability to explain complex technical issues to both technical and non-technical audiences Experience creating and distributing JavaScript libraries or modules Experience with logging frameworks Experience with unit testing & automated UI testing Familiarity with agile methodologies such as scrum or kanban Familiarity with C#, .Net Core or Razor Experience with React or Vue Experience with Node.js You have an entrepreneurial and pragmatic focus You have excellent written and spoken communication skills You move forward and succeed when faced with ambiguity or change You enjoy collaboration with others while working well independently You take initiative and are goal-focused You explore innovative solutions when conventional thinking fails You grasp and master new concepts quickly You stay current with emerging technology and trends Stock options Extended health care Vision care Dental care Life insurance Flexible working hours and work from home Vacation & paid time off Company events & social hours 
ScrapedJobID495:
Highly competitive salary. Low stress and dead-line free, we believe in doing things right the first time and release only when ready. Flexible work schedule and casual office environment where sandals/shorts are the norm. Food/beverages allowance. Health and dental benefits. Office with a view of the lake and ample free parking. If it helps you be more efficient, consider it done. Dual 27" monitors? Done. Standing desk? Done. Fully functioning Iron Man suit? Well, maybe... Brainstorming with the team to design, then develop new features. Debugging, writing unit tests, and resolving issues as they are reported. Prototyping code with your first draft, then polishing later, in a dedicated developer environment. Letting creative ideas rule the day; don't settle for the first solution, search for the right one. Extensive and proven experience with object-orientated PHP, Javascript and MySQL/PostgreSQL. Passionate about optimization and scaling to accommodate a growing number of end users. The feeling of finding a better way to do something is priceless. Unwavering care about the user experience. Everyone is always thinking about the user and ways we can improve the workflow. Excellent communication skills. We communicate constantly via messaging/email about ideas, issues, and to help each other out. A desire to be part of a small team where hierarchy is not encouraged, everyone's input matters, your work has a high impact, and everyone is working together. Being able to take a general idea and add your own insight and tweaks to it. 
ScrapedJobID496:

ScrapedJobID497:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code, Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required, Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions, Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software, Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements, Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications, Program special effects software for film and video applications, Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications A bachelor's degree in computer science or in another discipline with a significant programming component or Completion of a college program in computer science is required. Experience is an asset. 
ScrapedJobID498:
This position is not remote Possesses a strong creative point of view and takes initiative to drive projects forward Ambitious in marketing Interested in learning about many industries Exhibits exceptional communication skills Collaborative, creative problem solver with an entrepreneurial spirit Constant curiosity and passion for design; keeps a finger on the pulse of the industry A degree in Graphic Design or an equivalent degree in a field of study related to the job Proven ability to produce high-quality creative work and an acute understanding of design, including typography and layout Strong time management skills Experience using illustrator, photoshop, and Canva Branding experience (icon development, logo development) Follow projects from concept to final approval ensuring the integrity of the creative concept is kept in focus throughout Execute top-quality design work in line with Brand Vision’s standards Use effective time management and organizational skills to maintain effective workflow and meet deadlines Design emails, social posts, site banners, print and ad materials Work effectively with outside suppliers such as photographers and printers when required Designing Websites and landing pages Creating Social Media posts (From researching, coming up with content and copywriting, to making the designs according to the correct branding and identity) Designing branding elements such as logos, posters, brochures, etc. Website mockups and wireframes Video editing using various different platforms and tools Wix / Squarespace Figma Canva WordPress Shopify Adobe Suite Video Editing TikTok Bonus pay Commission pay On-site parking 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID499:
Create API & UI (Web) integrations & automated tests to identify software problems Analyze bugs and errors found during tests Document results of tests for the software development team Work with the software developers to enhance and improve programs Participate in all Scrum ceremonies with development team Experience with C#, .NET, REST API, JSON Experience writing Automating API and UI tests Experience with Automating testing tools Experience with Azure Devops/Pipelines Experience with Ecommerce platform implementation and testing. To acquire experience in different critical industries and projects while working for the same company; To have a competitive salary and a great benefits package (dental, life and medical insurance, RRSP matching, sick days, vacation); To access trainings that focus on expanding your knowledge while staying up to date with cutting edge technologies and best practices; To have a clear career development plan that suits your goals; To have the possibility of working abroad through our mobility program thanks to our international presence; To join a dynamic, specialized and fast-growing group where communication is key and where every team member is valued; To be part of a team where having fun is essential (team building events, 5 à 7, Marathon and more!). 
ScrapedJobID500:
Flexible schedule Monday to Friday Shopify: 2 years (required) Lightspeed: 2 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID501:
Grow - gain experience from all of your teammates (not just developers) to enrich your skill set and understanding of the fastest growing industry Be challenged - join a small team routinely challenged to solve interesting business problems while maintaining a level of excellence the company has come to expect from us. Drive new web initiatives - own the development of key projects related to the AppSmart marketplace that demonstrably impact the business Be successful - thrive in a performance-driven team where innovation and agility are prized and your success can be measured in the company's bottom line Ownership - Be responsible for maintaining, expanding, and scaling the marketplace theme You have at least 2 years experience with front-end development You love to build high quality code with efficiency and maintainability in mind You're experienced producing designs from common graphic design software. You're committed to writing efficient, semantic HTML / CSS built with great tools like Sass You have extensive experience with responsive web development You love collaborating with designers and other stakeholders to ensure the final product aligns with their vision and goals You advocate for the user and think about how your coding decisions will impact their experience You have a GitHub, Quora, or StackOverflow account that demonstrates what you love to do Experience with Nunjucks, Twig templating, React, and/or Shopify Templating Language Familiar with forms, data validation, and security Experience with enterprise APIs Experience working with complex data structures Familiarity with CSS organizational concepts like SMACSS and/or BEM 
ScrapedJobID502:
Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID503:
requirements analysis; systems analysis; systems engineering; programming; testing; configuration management of developed software; system and network management, including security aspects; life cycle engineering; operational support; research; writing of reports, user manuals, technical support documents, briefing notes, presentations, procurement and project related documentation; development and conducting of training sessions; giving briefings to technical staff, end users, and management; and other consultation as required. Design, develop and code enhancements and features to software systems. Provide operational support. Support testing, debugging and fix development. Write and review system documentation. Design and development experience in a Windows environment. Experience with design, programming and troubleshooting in C# and/or Java. Experience in telecommunications/networking systems design. Experience with TCP/IP inner workings (protocol level), of TCP/IP based protocols I applications and of protocol standards. Current Secret Clearance issued by the Government of Canada Experience with HTML (Javascript, dynamic html, ajax) and of web development environments. Experience with VMWare, Mercurial, Visual Studio and Eclipse. Knowledge and experience programming features tightly coupled to SQL based databases. Knowledge, expertise and experience with scripting languages (e.g. peri, python). Experience with reverse engineering of protocols, file contents or applications. Experience with load build processes and deployment tools. 
ScrapedJobID504:
Concevoir, développer et maintenir le site Web selon les exigences de l'employeur Travailler avec nos graphistes sur des projets web Formatez les informations dans un format visuellement attrayant. Produire un contenu clair et concis pour les clients Développer l'architecture du site Web et déterminer les exigences matérielles et logicielles Créer et optimiser le contenu du site Web à l'aide d'une variété de graphiques, de bases de données, d'animations et d'autres logiciels Effectuer des tests et effectuer des contrôles de sécurité et de qualité pour le site Web de l'employeur Peut rechercher et évaluer une variété de produits logiciels multimédias interactifs. Gérer les compte des réseaux sociaux . Developer le marketing via les réseaux sociaux et le site web. Au moins 3 ans d'expérience en tant que concepteurs et développeurs Web. Un baccalauréat en informatique, en communications ou en affaires ou un diplôme d'études collégiales en informatique, en arts graphiques, en conception Web ou en affaires est requis. Être à jour avec la technologie Web Connaissance des problèmes de compatibilité entre navigateurs et de la conception de sites Web réactifs Bien organisé et soucieux du détail Capable de travailler dans un environnement au rythme très rapide et de respecter les délais ! Design, develop and maitain web site according to employer’s requirements Work with our graphic designers on web projects Format information in a visually appealing format. Produce content that is clear and concise for the customers Develop Web site architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Create and optimize content for the Web site using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls for employer’s website May research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products. Manage the social networks account. Develop marketing via networks and the website. At least 3 year experiences working as Web Designers and Developers. A bachelor's degree, in computer science, communications or business or completion of a college program in computer science, graphic arts, Web design or business is required. Be current with web technology Knowledge of cross-browser compatibility issues and responsive website design Well organized and detail-oriented Able to work in a very fast-paced environment and meet deadlines! Nourriture à Prix Réduit ou Gratuite Tenue Décontractée 8 Heures Disponibilité la fin de semaine Du Lundi au Vendredi programmation web: 1 an (Souhaité) Non 
ScrapedJobID505:
At least 3 years of professional experience in software engineering, including some experience with consumer web apps Experience developing, and implementing product features and improvements .Net experience preferred Familiarity with backend engineering techniques Excited to explore technologies, develop new skills, and share knowledge Flexible, pragmatic, and oriented toward finding solutions Experience working with microservice architecture a plus Familiarity with GraphQL a plus Ability to work with a distributed team (Toronto, New York City, Salt Lake City, Ukraine) Communicative, collaborative, and open-minded, with a track record of working cross-functionally 
ScrapedJobID506:
Analyze business and technical requirements to identify opportunities to reuse existing technology or develop realistic new software solutions. Develop, enhance and support core business Angular 10/12 applications and API’s for a project. Creation and improvements of solution implementation and deployment documents and scripts. Diagnose and troubleshoot problems with existing applications and restore normal operations in a timely and accurate fashion. Participate in software architectural changes, solution design and technical specifications Under the guidance of senior staff, design, develop, test, and implement new software solutions as well as enhancements to existing ones. Collaborate with ONE ID application team, business analysts, architects, quality assurance and system owners in the testing (unit, system and integration) of newly developed software applications. Work with internal IT groups, vendors and other third parties to define/design information technology solutions to business problems Adhere to Ontario Health processes, security and privacy. Perform Rotational On-call duties. Provide application Tier 3 support (24x7x365) Occasionally, working outside of normal business hours, and on weekends, is necessary to accommodate system implementations, maintenance, and responses to outages Maintain test environments for development and quality assurance Implement software patches to ensure software is current and supported by the vendor (if required) Undergraduate degree in computer science or computer/electrical engineering or equivalent from a recognized institution At least 5+ solid years of experience in software development using Angular 8+ and Java Experience with Single Sign On (SSO), SAML or OpenID Connect/OAuth 2.0 3+ years is highly desired 3+ years of Docker container development and deployment is desired Experience with continuous integration and delivery (CI/CD) practices Experience in creating application and solution artifacts such as technical requirement and design documents. Strong communication skills, to liaise between internal technical and external client business teams Team player with track record of meeting strict deadlines Knowledge of application development using current continuous integration and continuous deployment tools It would be an asset to have DEVOPS knowledge and experience Strong analytical and innovative problem-solving skills Proven experience of User Interface (UI) web development using Angular Experience in building and deploying Angular web based applications and application integration using API’s Experience in API development Knowledge of Node.JS software development is an asset Experience with scripting and testing tools Knowledge of authentication technologies such as SAML, SSO, Secure Token Service, SSO Federation, OpenID Connect or OAuth is an asset Good understanding of Linux systems and IP networking Ability to troubleshoot and resolve a multi-platform deployment issues Understand how public key infrastructure (PKI) is an asset Process oriented with good analytical skills and sound judgment Proven ability in working with matrix organizations and conflicting priorities and multiple tasks Commitment to client delivery and satisfaction 
ScrapedJobID507:
3 years or more experience in front-end programming Mastering HTML5 and CSS3 in responsive web Mastering CSS frameworks such as Bootstrap or Fundation Good knowledge of PHP Creative and curious Rigorous and strategic Analytical skills Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously Ability to express ideas clearly and accurately Collaborative and proactive Ability to solve problems Organized and have excellent work techniques Develop and integrate Web features related to the established user experience Design and implement web pages using best practices in UX/UI, SEO and mobile Participate in creating landing pages for digital campaigns Provide estimates for web development efforts in collaboration with multiple teams Diagnose and solve technical problems Work in collaboration with a multidisciplinary team (web strategist, graphic designer, backend developer) Participate in the realization of functional tests Identify possible solutions for moderately complex situations, evaluate them and make a decision in partnership with the team Keep up to date on Web and emerging technologies. Support the start of production. 
ScrapedJobID508:
Web Application Development Prepare functional specifications Schedule, conduct and participate in design reviews Prepare design note(s) per group standards based on an approved set of requirements Prepare work estimates for assigned tasks Completes all work according to schedule requirements Provide ongoing feedback on deliverables Write well documented & high performing code including source code documentation that meets organizational standards Solicit code reviews for work and participate in code reviews of others’ work Create and run unit tests. Deliver automated tests to QA for inclusion in a regression test bed when appropriate Test on multiple configurations Acquire knowledge necessary to perform job assignments (technology, product and process) Provide timely and complete information and document reviews to the publications group Provide timely and complete information to the QA group to facilitate formal testing Share technical information with the team and to a wider audience when Appropriate Excellent English-speaking skills are of critical importance Successful candidates will have demonstrated the following characteristics: Familiarity with Agile SCRUM software development methodology a plus Bachelor’s degree plus 0-2 years of experience in software development  
ScrapedJobID509:

ScrapedJobID510:
Driving and owning feature development from inception to completion Collaboration in refining RenoRun's software process Involvement in system level architecture discussions Creating reliable, well-tested code that directly impacts users experience Developing and maintaining RenoRun's Java applications Researching and developing tech stack improvements Working closely with Product, Design, Marketing, Sales, Data Science and other Engineering departments Working remotely with eventual return to an office environment in some capacity post-COVID 3+ years of working experience as a Java Developer, or similar roles; Proficiency in Java Experience with Spring Boot, Hibernate, Spring Data, Elastic Search, Kafka Strong understanding on Object Oriented Programming Experience building scalable web applications (architecture, RESTful APIs and database design) Desire to break new ground and innovate in an industry undergoing digital transformation Strong communications skills with the purpose of establishing great relationships Passionate about solving complex problems Experience with iterative development methodologies Experience with the usual tools of the trade Experience with AWS services Experience with payment processors Experience with monitoring tools Experience using automated testing frameworks and methodologies through CI/CD pipelines Health, dental & vision insurance effective immediately Equity Free access to healthcare professionals via a virtual care application Flexible working environment and schedule - be comfortable working from home Unlimited vacation Save on snacks thanks to our well-stocked kitchen 
ScrapedJobID511:
You are active in the local web design and dev community. You enjoy mentoring and coaching people, have great communication skills, are organized, and are interested in growing as a leader. You completed a relevant study in recent years and hoping to grow your industry experience under the supervision of a recognized industry professional Extended health care No 
ScrapedJobID512:
Augment existing in-house team of intermediate and junior web developers Configure AEM as a headless CMS Provide software development expertise in web search to guide team Code in ReactJS Build accessible front-end web pages 8 hour shift Monday to Friday AEM Developer: 5 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID513:
Profil 2 à 7 ans d'expérience Profil 7 ans et plus d'expérience Profil avec expérience sur Drupal gros atout Ta capacité à développer des solutions web solides, évolutives; Ta curiosité et ton ouverture d’esprit sur les différentes évolutions technologiques; Ta rigueur à appliquer les bonnes pratiques de l’industrie; Ton adaptation pour travailler dans une équipe en relation client interne ou externe en suivant des processus de cycle de développement itératif; Ta participation à l’évolution et la personnalisation des sites et des applications développées en PHP pour les clients de Tink; Ta précision sur les estimations du travail avec l'équipe de développement Tes recommandations sur l’optimisation des méthodes de travail (méthodologies, technologies et outils). Un minimum de 2 ans d’expérience pertinente; D’excellentes connaissances de PHP et en architecture LAMP (Nginx, Apache MYSQL, PHP-FPM); Des réalisations ou développement de modules et sites web sous Drupal 7, 8 et 9; Des connaissances sur les pratiques REST (JSON, XML) et les logiques de micro services; Une expérience avec un Framework parmi Symfony, Laravel, CodeIgniter, Zend… Des connaissances des outils devops (jenkins, docker, phing); De la facilité à communiquer, gérer les priorités, capacité d’adaptation; Une volonté de communication et de collaboration (rencontres SCRUM, estimations…); Une expérience en développement Vue.js - atout ; Une expérience de développement avec la plateforme Magento – atout; Une sensibilité aux tests unitaires et aux standards de sécurité (OWASP); Un diplôme collégial en informatique, diplôme universitaire en informatique ou une expérience pertinente; Bilingue (français-anglais) un atout ; Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Gym sur place Horaires flexibles Nourriture à Prix Réduit ou Gratuite Programme d'Aide aux Employés Programmes de Bien-être REER Collectif Stationnement sur place Tenue Décontractée Travail à Distance Du Lundi au Vendredi Heures supplémentaires majorées Où est-vous localisé ? Êtes-vous en mesure de vous déplacer 1 fois par mois au bureau de Montréal ? DEC (Souhaité) développement d’applications web: 1 an (Souhaité) Français (Obligatoire) Oui 
ScrapedJobID514:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or a related discipline; 4+ years experience in web/app development; 1+ years experience doing Search Engine Optimization; Strong hands-on experience with a modern front-end framework (React, Angular 2+, Vue, Ember); Knowledge of using CSS preprocessors (SCSS, LESS, etc.); Strong hands-on experience with one of the following back-end frameworks: Python/Django, Ruby on Rails, Express/Node; Strong hands-on experience with non-relational and/or relational databases such as MongoDB, MySQL, Postgres, Redis; Strong hands-on experience building websites and apps from scratch; Interest in scalable, efficient solutions and distributed systems; Strong hands-on experience with working with RESTful APIs, Git, modern UI frameworks (Material UI, Bootstrap, etc.); Strong hands-on experience working with WordPress & cPanel; Comfortable using team collaboration tools such as Jira and Slack; Experience with server setup and administration (AWS or similar); Knowledge of Google Analytics, Facebook Pixel, and similar platforms. A positive attitude, motivated, and a fast learner; Must maintain knowledge of current digital best practices and technology; Excellent critical thinking, problem-solving, and analytic skills are necessary; Enthusiastic, energetic, can-do attitude; Must have strong multitasking skills and be able to work under tight deadlines; Strong organizational and communication skills, both oral and written; High attention to detail; You love teamwork and find it easy to collaborate closely with the design and strategy team to solve complex problems; You are keen to learn modern technology; Very task-oriented and good at providing insights and being proactive. Strong Bash skills; Test-driven development; Agency experience is a plus. Dental care Flexible schedule On-site parking Paid time off 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID515:
Overtime pay Casual dress Flexible schedule On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends Yes 
ScrapedJobID516:
Producing new features. This doesn’t only mean writing code, but also making design/architectural decisions, testing, tracking quality-related metrics, and producing documentation. Demonstrating features to stakeholders and product owners to gain a solid understanding of the business and get feedback on work delivered. Participating in Scrum-related activities, such as daily stand-up meetings, backlog grooming, sprint retrospectives, and demos. Delivering software that meets our standards and providing operational support if necessary. Taking some time to enjoy yourself by either joining some of our existing communities or by creating new ones. Education and experience: University degree: Business computing, computer science, computer engineer At least 5 years of IT experience in complex information systems environments Experience in corporate and investment banking or finance an asset Ability to work with complex information systems Knowledge of the world of corporate finance (stock market, interest rates, derivatives, etc.) an asset Excellent command of spoken and written English Knowledge of Agile pratices Organizational, methodological and analytical spirit Sense of communication SQL - SQL Server C# - .NET Core Angular Design Pattern Agile Scrum Continuous Delivery & CI Implementation Test-driven development (TDD) English (mandatory) French would be an asseT Commuter benefits Company events Dental care Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday C#: 2 years (required) Financial services: 2 years (preferred) French (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID517:
You will be working on both front-end and back-end systems with an emphasis on back-end systems We emphasize effective platforms and long-term business goals through team involvement You will participate in the technical design and implement product design iterations and experiments You will be a technical contributor in a team with a variety of professionals with expertise in complementary areas. You will bring focus and experience with web APIs and data systems Your team delivers: Early, small scope experiments Complex and detail-oriented projects Incremental fixes to in-market products Full implementation responsibilities include design participation, code development, automated test development, deployment, and code maintenance Team members that want to grow and contribute to our culture at Properly Passion for technology Experience with Python 3 or similar language (Ruby, Node JavaScript, etc) and working with databases (SQL and/or NoSQL) Effective participation in problem solving sessions with others: generating ideas, picking and building solutions, monitoring results, and fixing bugs Understanding of designing small to medium systems including providing analysis of multiple options and collecting feedback Nice to have - experience with a modern version of JavaScript/CSS/HTML (es6, css4, html5) and modern UX frameworks (React, Angular, etc.) Competitive cash and equity compensation Unlimited vacation days and a flexible work day; we care about outcomes over schedule Team events and social activities Top of market maternal and paternal leave Attractive healthcare benefits for you and your family starting day one Personal development budget; we support our team members' growth WFH stipend; in addition to the essentials including monitor, laptop, accessories Employee discount on Properly's services 
ScrapedJobID518:
Write efficient, reliable and robust code for front end and back-end APIs. Work with development teams, stakeholders and Business Analyst to ideate software solutions. Debug, deploy and upgrade software. Take ownership, triage and troubleshoot any code issues. Effectively contribute to the specification, design, build and test phases of development. You’re passionate, creative, and understand life at a fast-growing company You learn quickly and master diverse technologies and techniques You’re also known as uber-competent. You’re good at what you do and you’re passionate about coding You have never encountered a problem you couldn’t creatively solve 2+ years proven work experience as a proficient Full Stack Developer Experience developing desktop and mobile application Knowledge of multiple front end languages and libraires Knowledge of multiple back end languages and libraries Experience using React & Golang Experience using Flutter High growth company with plenty of opportunities for growth and development Remote-friendly & flexible work environment – you can work from home or from one of our offices! Friday lunch is on us! (Whether you’re at home or in the office) Wide selection of snacks provided Casual dress code for optimal comfort Competitive health benefits and paid vacation time Company issued Apple equipment A friendly and highly collaborative team 
ScrapedJobID519:
Create Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements of the store. Make and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics database, animation and other software to make it appealing to clients. Study and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products, Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code. Candidate must be at least 2 years to less than 3 years’ experience in web developer job or related occupation. Must be at least Secondary (high) school graduate or equivalent. Must be able to perform the job with minimal supervision. Must be able to read, write and speak in English Organized, Client focus, Team player, Effective interpersonal skills, Initiative, Judgement, Dependability 
ScrapedJobID520:
Work within a cross-functional team (including designers, product managers, architects and other developers) to deliver compelling products and services to our customers Design, write, test, and deploy high quality scalable code Implement our technical roadmap as we scale our services and build new products Maintain standards of security, reliability, performance, and quality Work out loud by sharing your experiences and expertise, helping to improve and enhance processes Take ownership of your work and work autonomously when necessary Participate in code reviews, and apply software development best practices Work with the following technologies: JavaScript + React A degree in Computer Science or Engineering, and at ample experience in developing and maintaining software or an equivalent level of education or work experience, and a track record of substantial contributions to software projects with high business impact You are proficient in at least one programming language, ideally: React or other modern JS frameworks (Angular, Node, Vue), and have a desire to learn other languages You have experience in software design: you know how to analyze and design features, drive discussions, and propose technical solutions You have been a solid contributor in teams that have worked on medium-to-large sized projects that had an impact on business; an understanding of SaaS software development practice is considered an asset You know how to apply best practices to ensure high-quality code (i.e. automated tests; code reviews) Open Communication: clearly conveys thoughts, both written and verbally, listening attentively and asking questions for clarification and understanding Collaboration and Teamwork: works with others to deliver results, meaningfully contributing to the team and prioritizing group needs over individual needs Self Development: is personally committed to, and actively works to continuously improve Problem Solving: uses an organized and logical approach to find solutions to complex problems. Looks beyond the obvious to understand the root cause of problems Resilience, Tolerance for Change/Ambiguity: can effectively cope with change, finding ways to advance work and projects Tenacious. You are determined to succeed, and you are motivated by the success of customers, colleagues and the community. Curious. You are always learning and seeking ways to make things better. Conscientious. You keep your promises, taking your commitments to others seriously, and you have strong integrity. Humble. You lead with humility and empathy, respecting and learning from the perspectives of others. 
ScrapedJobID521:
8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID522:

ScrapedJobID523:
Complete confidence and solid experience with JavaScript. Familiar with asynchronous javascript programming with RESTful web services Experience with React, Material UI, Webpack and jQuery Good understanding of and comfort working in scrum / agile methodology Excellent knowledge of HTML5 and advanced CSS3 techniques Solid understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues Knowledge of PHP5/MySQL (LAMP) development a plus Experience with Git source control system a strong plus 3+ years of practical user interface development and production experience Experience with test-driven development, unit testing, and writing great code Excellent communication skills A person who can speak up to help make the software the best it can be Able to work and resolve issues independently Someone with a curious and investigative mind Thorough and details oriented Able to excel in a small company environment, wearing “many hats" We’ve assembled a great, friendly, group of people Flat organization where ideas are sought and accepted from everyone Comprehensive benefits plan Casual dress code Birthday lunches – of course! Everybody has a window seat Funky loft environment 
ScrapedJobID524:
Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls 
ScrapedJobID525:
5+ years of hands on development experience Project experience building applications with Java 8+ in Spring Boot Good understanding of web services technologies (REST, SOAP, XML, JSON) Experience with front end development (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Angular JS) Oracle/MySQL databases, SQL, and stored procedures Experience with microservices, Kubernetes and Docker Nice to have telecom experience and familiarity with GIS Monday to Friday Software development: 4 years (preferred) Java 8+ in Spring Boot: 3 years (preferred) REST, SOAP, XML, JSON: 3 years (preferred) front end development: 3 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID526:
Telecommunications industry Internet Service Provider (ISP) Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Assist in the development of logical and physical specifications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Cloud Analyze user's requirements, and design and develop system architecture and specifications 
ScrapedJobID527:
Get acquainted with our .NET code base Take over our react based platform Grasp domain knowledge related to Wizmo shipping Ensure good architectural design and direction Design, develop, code, test, and debug platform features Perform integration and testing before going live Familiarity with CI/CD pipelines Support and maintain the platform Pair program with other team members to ensure code quality Ability to meet tight deadlines Readiness and motivation to address and resolve highly complex and multifaceted development-related issues, often independently A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent experience 4+ years Backend experience in C#/ASP.NET Strong experience in MSSQL and stored procedures Experience in developing and using API gateways Experience in using XML/XSLT to render UI 3+ year experience in using react based frameworks (nestjs, nextjs, etc) Understanding of DevOps and SaaS platform operations like AWS and Azure Excellent communication and collaboration skills Knowledge, developing large-scale consumer-focused applications Previous exposure to the shipping industry is an asset C# .NET MVC Framework Entity Framework Microsoft SQL Server Stored Procedures SVN Azure DevOps AWS infrastructure React Nextjs Nestjs Typescript Dental care Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off Stock options Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday C#: 4 years (preferred) React: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID528:
Responsible for the design, development, implementation and unit testing of responsive web applications leveraging Java/J2EE. Collaborate with front-end developers Create and update documentation in support of development efforts. Participates in code review with peers and managers Response to trouble/support call for applications in production Become a subject matter expert in 1-2 databases in order to support our platform Strong Java programming skills Background in Linux/Unix administration Familiar with cloud providers such as AWS, Google Cloud, Azure Comfortable with an on-call schedule rotation Expertise with any of the following databases-including MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Redis, Elastic, Cassandra, SQL server & Oracle 
ScrapedJobID529:
Work in an agile team of developers, QA, DevOps and founders Implement new systems and redesign legacy systems, using leading technologies, to support advancing Research business requirements Research and analyze business and system needs. Explore solution options to recommend designs and technologies Writing test cases At least 2+ years of experience in backend technologies like Node.js, Express, Sequelize Experience in frontend technologies such as React JS, Next JS, Material UI Experience with automated task runners such as Grunt or Gulp Experience in Database like MySQL and/or PostgreSQL Comfortable applying engineering best practices for Test Driven Development, integration testing version control, release management, work estimation and planning Experience to work with Rest and GraphQL APIs You know how to use Git, You are passionate about code quality. Writing tests and documentation belong to your natural workflow. Participate in or lead all parts of the software development lifecycle, including analysis, design, programming, testing, implementation, and support. A history of active contributions to open source projects Strong communication skills Self-Motivated Willingness to learn new tools and technology and work in a collaborative environment Creativity, this is an opportunity to be involving in shaping the strategy of our company. Ideas and input at all levels in the business is welcome.s 
ScrapedJobID530:

ScrapedJobID531:
Collaborate with a cross-functional team (copywriter, motion designer, illustrator, visual designer, and developer) on concepts and execution of concepts Contribute conceptual ideas based on a brief and deep research (provided to you) that are creative, often highly interactive and functional Apply design thinking to the broader context of the brand and project scope Design web layouts using Figma Work with distinctive brand assets including colour palettes, fonts, icons, illustrations, photography, and copy Help to implement web designs using low-code web creation tools such as Webflow QA coded pages to ensure cross-browser compatibility Help improve SaaS onboarding experiences with friendly UI design and onboarding best practices. Most of our clients are selling SaaS products and need help optimizing their signup flows Review analytics and heat mapping tools to improve stickiness and conversion rates for our clients' sites Participate in team concepting sessions, design jams, and prepare for client deliveries Collaborate with the Creative Director, Web Director, and project team to explore concepts and iterate based on constructive feedback while thinking ahead to anticipate and solve challenges Adobe Creative Cloud Figma Slack G Suite / Google Workspace Webflow or similar 4+ years of experience as a Web Designer 2+ years experience working in Figma (or Sketch) A working knowledge of CSS and HTML Some experience with low-code environments like Webflow is a major asset A portfolio that demonstrates your ability to design modern websites that includes thinking around motion and interactions Intermediate skills in colour theory, typography, and composition skills A love of grid-based layout and an understanding of how to break it tastefully A passion for new technology and a desire to learn how things work The ability to communicate design decisions with solid rationale Experience with UI/UX or product design Illustration or graphic design skills Working knowledge of After Effects/Lottie Javascript
‍ Competitive compensation Great benefits package Annual education allowance An organization with strong core values A team-oriented/collaborative environment Exciting clients Quarterly group activities and an annual retreat Bring your dog to work Downtown office location Remote working and flex hours 
ScrapedJobID532:
Advanced knowledge and Hand on experience with Front End and Angular Framework and Modern JavaScript and SPA Platform (5+ years) Proven track record on developing and Designing complex Angular Application from the scratch Familiarity and experience with best practices of the Front End application design and development, the UI look and feel and Java Script/ Type Script, HTML, CSS, and UI look and Feel. Advanced knowledge of the Back End Development using C# and OOP, and Microsoft Tech Stack, .NET core and Web MVC (7+ years). Deep understanding of Development best practices, Design and Analysis and End to End application development. Hands on experience with WebServices (Rest/SOAP), Cloud Technology and Modern Cloud Application development. Experience with DataBases, Queries and SQL and NoSQL DBs Experience with Microsoft Azure Cloud platform and particularly Serverless Cloud (Azure Functions) and Cosmos DB is a plus. Supervise and lead application development, application, solution architecture and design for cloud applications and their integrations to other systems (SAAS, PAAS, IAAS) Lead Application Design Process design Technical feasibility analysis Knowledge of Agile Methodologies (Scrum) Leadership skills and knowledge of DevOps, GIT and Code reviews 
ScrapedJobID533:

ScrapedJobID534:
Hands on experience on the below backend technologies  JAVA 1.8 Hands on experience in front end technologies  HTML Ability to coordinate the requirements with BA, Effort Estimation and conducting code reviews Ability to support release activities and postproduction support coordination Resolving technical challenges for the team members Good communication for coordinating with STOs and other stakeholders Banking implementation experience is must Willing to work in EST hours 8 hour shift Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID535:
Aptitude in software development fundamentals Previous experience with web development or a strong desire to ramp up quickly on it (React, Node JS), A pragmatic viewpoint to deliver the simplest technical solution that meets the requirements, and not to use technology for the sake of it An openness to write code that conforms to the best practices and policies of a large software organization, not just your personal preferences A desire to take ownership and pride in everything you do and stand by what you deliver Readiness to hit the ground running – you may not know how to solve everything right off the bat, but you will put in the time and effort to understand so that you can The internship will be for a period of 12 or 16 months. Co-op or internship program enrollment is mandatory Currently enrolled in a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field Coding across the entire stack – UI, Services and Data Unit testing, test-driven development and test automation engineering in a real-world SaaS environment Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) using Amazon Web Services (AWS) A technology toolbelt that includes leading edge languages and tools with knowledge on when and why to use them How to work as an individual contributor on a large software team How an SDLC (software development life cycle) works in industry and scales to large teams releasing multiple interrelated software component multiple times per day How to get your code into production to be used by real customers How to adopt industry best practices in all of your projects - TDD (test driven development), CI/CD (continuous integration and continuous delivery), IaC (Infrastructure as Code), linting, static code analysis Software and system architecture best practices, such as a microservice architecture and serverless computing, that allows a complex business application to scale to millions of users in a cost-effective manner An agile development environment delivering software features to production every day Team lunches, team events, flexible work environment A relentless desire to continuously improve 
ScrapedJobID536:
4+ years of modern JavaScript framework experience such as React, Vue, and Angular Exposure and working knowledge of the latest ES6+ features Experience consuming REST-style APIs in addition to single page application (SPA) experience Experience with build tools such as Webpack, Grunt, Gulp Experience with Vanilla CSS in addition to CSS framework such as Buefy, Vuetify, Bootstrap Server-side node.js experience Experience with CSS and SASS/SCSS Experience with CSS3/Sass features Comfortable working with a package manager such as NPM Mid-level experience with Git features: branching, merging, pull requests, etc Knowledge and syntactical proficiency of HTML5 spec Experience with GraphQL is considered an asset but not a requirement Ability to excel in a team environment Task oriented with an aptitude for complex, large scale projects Positive attitude Exceptional attention to detail A competitive starting salary Extended health, dental and vision benefits Training by successful managers (who have excelled in the job themselves) is provided at the onset and throughout your journey with Spring Financial 
ScrapedJobID537:
Our leadership team are industry experts Our product is used by 500 financial institutions globally Our technology and services have won multiple awards in the financial industry $75k-$150k base salary range (CAD) Retirement savings program with company match Potential remote or Hybrid-remote work schedule 25 vacation days Health benefit programs Medial, dental, vision Life insurance Annual training budget of $1,500 EA Plan and more Develop and support out Order and Execution Management System platform Work with minimal direction and passion Develop and support our product on both the Buy-Side and Sell-Side (SOD loads, through order generation, compliance, trading, allocation, and EOD file generation) Work on multiple back-end components Diploma of College or equivalent job experience 3+ years of web development in Java Core Java JavaScript (ReactJS or AngularJS) SQL Automated Unit and Integration testing Maven, Git, Teamcity Multithreading Swing development is a plus Distributed cache is a plus GWT experience is a plus  
ScrapedJobID538:
Participate in the design process and create beautiful / functional web components and applications, with a focus on the client side; Evolve and implement new and existing UI Collaborate with different teams to deliver features and functionality; Participate in code reviews and peer support; Stay up to date with the latest front-end technologies to ensure we are always using the best practices; Be a promoter of great UX; Grow yourself and your peers through peer mentoring and collaboration. Strong knowledge of JavaScript (ES6+); Knowledge of semantic HTML, CSS and CSS preprocessors (Sass, LESS, etc.); Experience with bundlers and task runners (Webpack, Gulp, etc.); Familiarity with jQuery or other JS libraries; Familiarity with JS frameworks (React, Vue.js, etc.); Solid understanding of cross-browser/platform issues and solutions; Experience building responsive web components; A keen interest in user interface design and user experience best practices; Experience with the latest front-end technologies; Excellent communication skills; Team player Experience with accessibility best practices; Experience working in complex microservices architecture; Experience with writing tests, including unit tests, integration tests and e2e; Experience with typescript; Experience using the command line tool; Experience using node dependency management (npm, yarn); Experience using continuous integration services (CircleCI); Experience with PHP and PHP templating languages (Twig); Experience with Wordpress and ACF plugin; Experience using Gutenberg; Experience developing production-grade web applications; Experience using version control system (Git) and version control hosting services (Github); Experience working in an Agile development environment; Familiarity with AWS or Google Cloud Platform. Ability to do your job in a truly flexible environment; Genuine career opportunities in a company that's creating new jobs everyday; Work in a team big enough for growth but lean enough to make a real impact. 
ScrapedJobID539:
Extensive experience with JavaScript Exposure to modern ECMAScript features will be needed (e.g. Promises, async/await, classes, etc.) Experience with TypeScript Extensive experience building SPA web applications (JavaScript, DOM, CSS, etc. ) Extensive Exposure to one or more web dev frameworks (React, Vue, Angular, Ember) Knowledge of various state-management frameworks/techniques/approaches Experience working with browser JS APIs (e.g. DOM, postmessage, localstorage, etc.) Experience working with iframes You have experience working with design patterns and building composable software Knowledge of the node ecosystem and JavaScript tooling (e.g. babel, webpack, rollup, etc.) A version control tool and process (e.g. git and git-flow) Continuous delivery of cloud-based software 5+ years of experience in architecting Help build our Agent UI; focusing on composability and quality architecture Help modernize some of the legacy UIs we have into modern frameworks and architecture Work with other development teams; assisting them with using any cross-team architecture and in-house frameworks we develop Work with product and UX teams to field requests and build generic solutions that benefit all our customers/stakeholders Help with continuous delivery, tooling, scripts, etc. Involved in all aspects of software development from design to deployment Working with a talented, passionate team of developers Working with a modern tech stack (Cloud-based microservices platform, State-of-the-art webapp pipeline) Great culture (Weekly tech talks, meetups, workplace events/celebrations, movie outings, etc.) Team committed to work-life balance Ability to work from home or remotely as needed Annual budget for technical conferences and career development Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance Telehealth coverage Flexible work schedules and work from home opportunities Development and career growth opportunities Open Time Off 401(k) matching program Adoption Assistance Infertility treatments 
ScrapedJobID540:
Build and deliver memorable and functional web products for tbk and its clients. This might include a WordPress website for an international client; or a brand new mobile application for a scrappy start-up. Writing clean, and reusable PHP code within WordPress themes and plugins
Integrate systems via web services and APIs to support our clients’ marketing needs Writing effective tests to support unit testing goals set within the department Collaborate with designers and account managers to complete tasks related to our clients’ marketing needs Solve technical problems and present solutions to other developers, account managers, and designers Integrate digital work products into a standards-compliant WordPress theme, plugin, etc. as required. Adhere to WCAG 2.0 Guidelines when authoring and managing digital products. Implement enterprise-level, custom web-based software solutions for clients via modern web-based technologies and the delivery of best-in-class progressive web applications. Quality assurance testing of integrated artwork into WordPress themes, plugins, and other applications as required Provide mentorship to development team members in a way that supports their learning goals, improves them as professionals, and strengthens the quality of the solutions created. Provide guidance to creative and technical teams on best practices and technologies to leverage in order to effectively solve business problems. Solve technical problems and present solutions to other colleagues (company-wide, where applicable) Exceed targets set for the development of software modules. Provide project status updates to management and applicable accounts / project management team members. Identify project risks and provide solutions to mitigate or avoid such risks. Attend and contribute to daily Scrum Stand-ups; listen to and support your team in being great. Improve any and all areas of the development process within the development team. University degree or college diploma in engineering, programming, software development, software design or web design. Minimum 4 years professional experience designing and implementing websites in the PHP scripting language Minimum 2 years professional experience designing and implementing WordPress themes and plugins Minimum 1 year professional experience writing, analyzing and optimizing SQL queries, MySQL experience preferred Strong understanding of design patterns, general web functions and industry standards Prior experience within a quality assurance (QA) role or QA process within a project. Knowledge of Unit Testing, Continuous Integration and industry standards for coding styles is required. Deep functional knowledge or hands-on design experience with Web Services (REST, SOAP, etc ..) is needed to be successful in this position Strong grasp of security principles and how they apply to E-Commerce applications, and the protection of sensitive information. Prior experience with Git source control management process within an agile structure Working knowledge of PHP Frameworks and their Concepts: CodeIgniter, Symfony, Laravel, and others Working experience designing and implementing WordPress themes and plugins. Strong understanding of web design patterns and theories, general web functions and industry standards Prior experience within a Quality Assurance (QA) role or QA process within a project. Knowledge of Unit Testing, Continuous Integration and industry standards for coding styles. Professional communication skills—both written and verbal. 
ScrapedJobID541:
A minimum of 6-8 years of experience working on web development where you are building front-end components of a web application. Strong background in UI/Front-end development with a solid knowledge of Angular 9.0, JavaScript, Typescript, HTML, CSS, SASS, Node JS, XML, JSON and web standards. (Angular JS 1.x knowledge would be added advantage) Knowledge on the accessibility and SEO standards. Good understanding of browsers and debug the code at the client side. Strong experience working with REST services Experience using Typescript and third-party JavaScript framework libraries. Experience in writing unit test cases with karma/jasmine 2 - 4 year Experience working in AGILE methodology Experience with build tools like Git version control – 2+ years Very good knowledge on Design Patterns Knowledge on best industry practices and code review React Redux knowledge Backend knowledge Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID542:
5+ years experience Web Application Development in Angular/React/Vue etc., HTML5, CSS3 C#, ASP.NET AngularJS is a plus Knowledge of latest web technology trends Open-minded, Positive attitude and superior problem-solvingskills 
ScrapedJobID543:
Excellent understanding of Java fundamentals, data structures and algorithms. Expertise required in object-oriented design methodology Expertise in Spring and Hibernate/web based technologies Excellent understanding of distributed systems and service-oriented architecture Proven results-oriented person with a focus on delivery in a high-velocity, high-scalability and high-availability environment. Enthusiasm and willingness to learn new technologies and dig into problems Good communication skills 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID544:
Your First 30 Days…* Understand the company’s mission, vision, and overarching strategy Learn company-specific tools, processes, and procedures Have frequent 1:1s with the manager to set expectations and goals Map out your development journey with your Manager Meet key internal team members and stakeholders Support, fix and update applications already deployed in production environments Perform code review for other team members who work on the same product Apply principles and methodologies of scrum agile development practices Design and build advanced features from a set of requirements Document and test to ensure the quality of the completed work requirement Maintain regular communication with other team members and stakeholders to ensure the quality and timely product deliveries Collaborate with users and development teams to provide solutions in a timely manner Demonstrate new features and improvements in an engaging fashion University degree or college diploma in computer science, software engineering or related field Keen interest in DevOps/Site Reliability Proficiency in Java and a thorough understanding of unit testing is required Strong understanding of JavaScript, HTML, CSS Knowledge of Relational Database Knowledge of database query performance tuning is beneficial Knowledge of Spring and Hibernate frameworks is beneficial Understanding of Angular 6+ and Ruby is valuable Understanding testing and infrastructure automation would be an asset Great people. We pride ourselves on hiring smart, kind, and supportive teammates Growth and development. We equip our team members with all the tools they need to succeed Be the driver of your career development. At Indellient, you are in control of your career growth. With multiple lines of business, internal and external facing roles, and new opportunities, exploring your career path with us is highly encouraged. Flexibility. We offer flexible start and end times to accommodate our early risers and night owls and work-from-home arrangements Health and Wellness. We offer benefits from day 1, 2% RRSP Matching program, a $500 fitness reimbursement, and competitive PTO policy Monthly Socials. Even though we are currently working fully remotely, we have tons of team bonding opportunities through regular donut dates, social hours, trivia nights, and more fun events because our culture and values still remain at the core of everything we do! Big data and analytics Machine learning Cloud transformation Software and application development DevOps 
ScrapedJobID545:
BSc or MSc (Computer science, Engineering, Mathematics, and any related field) 7+ years of experience working in Front End Development Problem solving skills Ability to thrive in a fast0paced environment Track record of building highly scalable interactive web applications High level of proficiency in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React Native, Angular JS, React JS and JQuery React JS/React Native Development experience Experience in Cross-browser and device testing and understanding of web performance optimization (WPO) Understanding of key design principles Experience delivering software using agile development practices and tools Demonstrates strong ability and knowledge of database principles (PostgreSQL or MongoDB preferred) Good communication and organizational skills Experience with GCP Experience with BitBucket Experience with deployment, orchestration, management, and monitoring tools, especially: Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, Helm, Jaeger, Nginx Experience with Python and bash Insurance industry knowledge NodeJS experience Elastic Search, Logstash, and Kibana Innovation, problem solving, &decision making skills Results Orientation Business perspective Seeking opportunities to learn You will be working with team members from various backgrounds, so clear communication is key Competitive Salary Annual Bonus Group Benefit Plan Dental Insurance Stock Options Referral and more… 
ScrapedJobID546:
JavaScript / ES6 and ReactJS: 1 year (Required) Bachelor's (Required) Toronto, ON (Required) Mandarin (Required) 
ScrapedJobID547:
or equivalent experience Consulting firm Startup company Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications MySQL JavaScript HTML DHTML CSS XML Technology (XSL,XSD,DTD) SQL Ajax JQuery React.js Angular.js Git Unix Linux Internet Database software Servers Security software Mail server software Programming software HTML editing software Software development API 
ScrapedJobID548:
Design, develop, test, deliver, maintain, and improve application as a member of a team Builds code to specifications and standards Update daily progress through the tracking tool (Jira) or Kanban board Participate in the weekly meetings to assist in refining the Product Backlog including providing initial estimates Apply disciplined coding practices to enable agility and delivery of high-quality code Be able to define and develop unit tests and unit test libraries to ensure code development is robust and production ready. Minimum 3+ years of experience developing, deploying, and managing applications on a multi-tier architecture with high-availability and/or replication environment Strong Experience in designing RESTful backend services and developing them using Dot Net Framework or Dot Net Core. Experience in .Net using C# and Entity Framework 6 (Code First workflow) Strong understanding of SQL, relational data modeling/schema design, and database management/optimization and performance tuning Hands on experience in working with Microsoft SQL Server/Azure technologies. Experience in designing, producing and consuming REST/JSON APIs Experience in reporting tools, such as Telerik Reporting, SSRS or Crystal Strong object oriented (OOPS) and software architecture fundamentals Demonstrated experience in developing Web applications, APIs and SaaS products Fluent in software fundamentals including software design, algorithm development, data structures, code modularity and maintainability. Fluent in GIT source code control. Experience in Deploying application on Microsoft Azure Cloud Internally motivated, able to work proficiently both independently and in a team environment. Remain engaged, proactive, and positive in tough circumstances Experience with JavaScript, especially Angular Experience with GIS systems, ESRI ArcGIS RESTAPIs, and ArcGIS JavaScript SDKs Experience in PostgreSQL 8 hour shift Software development: 3 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID549:
Work with internal stakeholders and the vendor Project Manager to define business requirements Lead the web redesign project, manages tasks, project schedules, timelines and reports progress to the Director of Communications and Marketing, the vendor Project Manager and senior leadership Analyze current web analytics, statistical and survey data collected and make recommendations and implement improvements to the usability of site content, architecture and/or navigation Collect, manage input and digital priorities from across various MCC departments and teams Research and develop search optimization and extensive web content management practices (e.g., Content Indexing) Oversee the procurement of a third-party vendor to perform design work Oversee the work of third-party vendor performing the web design work to ensure MCC’s vision is achieved Develop and update website governance documents including page ownership and retention content policies Ensure website content uses best practices for web writing, improving the user experience and adhering to accessibility standards (AODA). Advanced oral and written skills in English are required, with oral and written skills in French considered an asset Post-secondary degree or diploma in web design, web development or related digital communications Minimum 5 years’ experience in web design, web development or related digital communications role Experience leading web transformation, re-design, and optimization projects Experience working with a wide range of Communications resources and platforms, specific to web and social media, including associated systems for web content management, search engine optimization Experience in content development Effective project management skills Strong knowledge of web design and development Strong knowledge of web content management systems (e.g., WordPress, Plugins and Add-ons) Strong knowledge of search engine optimization and design tools to create engaging content Ability to research and organize information Knowledge of video editing, podcast, and webcast recording Knowledge of professional written communications standards Ability to adapt content to the intended media/channel Working knowledge of HTML and the ability to troubleshoot web content and design issues Knowledge of web and social media analytics and data tracking Knowledge of Illustrator, Photoshop, and InDesign an asset Highly developed attention-to-detail Ability to build strong relationships with individuals at all levels across the organization Strong vendor management skills Strong organization and time management skills Ability to manage multiple changing priorities, including under pressure and while working to deadlines Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID550:
Maintain and build on the system and solution architecture of Service oriented Web Applications; Design solutions tailored on customer requirements; Coach and organize Agile methodology based governance; Participate and prepare governance meetings to provide visibility on project plan and milestone achievements; Interact with different organizations (IT, Core Engineering, Methods, …) to ensure seamless integration of the provided solutions; A university or (technical) college degree in computer development and/or equivalent experience; Strong experience of building system and solution architectures; 5 years of experience in web application development; Good skills in Java or others procedural / functional programming languages; Good skills with web frontend technologies (React, Angular, HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript); Knowledge of SQL Server; Knowledge of Operating Systems (Windows, Linux), virtualization and networking; Experience with PLM (TeamCenter) and ERP (SAP) is an asset; Organized, a good planner and problem solver. Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Application development: 4 years (required) Java: 2 years (required) HTML5: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID551:
Workplace : 5600 Chemin Côte-de-Liesse, Montreal, Quebec with possibilities of working from home. A formidable and dynamic team of professionals. Benefits: competitive base salary and generous benefits package (including flexible hours, medical and dental insurance, pension plan and holidays during the Holiday Season). Discounts offered to employees on Groupe Marcelle products. Optimization, extension customization, issue investigation, custom functionality build, front-end integration, bug testing, etc. Follow internal Magento development code ethics and review. Assist Project Manager on estimating complex tasks or prospective projects. Identify user and system requirements for new websites and applications. Work closely with other developers, business analysts, product owners & UX/UI designers. Create wireframes and design systems to build and maintain web brand standards and guidelines. Integrate, with web service, layers and CMS to enable high availability and flexibility with deployments. Develops and maintains responsive web designs using PWA Studio or similar framework. Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade the front-end software stack. Test software to ensure responsiveness and scalability. Write technical documentation. Solid experience (3+ years) as a Front-End Developer or similar capacity. Knowledge of multiple front-end languages and libraries (HTML, JavaScript, CSS, JSON, XSLT, and XML). At least 2 years’ experience Magento Development in an eCommerce environment. Experience working with Magento 2 Commerce. Experience writing single page applications using JavaScript frameworks. Experience with Magento 2 PWA (PWA Studio). Experience with Angular, React, and Ajax. Must have experience with Git for pushing/pulling code. Experience with Jira and Agile methodology. Excellent verbal and written communication skills in both English and French. Teamwork oriented. Attention to details. Work well under pressure. You are intellectually curious and a quick learner. 
ScrapedJobID552:
Be a part of a small agile team, with the freedom to move quickly and develop innovative solutions. Solve interesting problems in an evolving domain – work with leading hyperscale cloud providers Build out critical components of our technology intelligence portfolio that are in high demand by our customers. We have a commitment to always improve. Problems are actioned, not ignored. We encourage the team to question what we do and how we do it. Colleagues are smart, helpful, and kind. Cross functional teams ensure that there are no silos. We believe that work/life balance is important. We provide flexibility in work hours and the ability to work from home. Work in teams and individually to implement product functionality – design, code, unit test, integration tests Participate in requirements analysis and feature definition Contribute to system architecture design Experience building modern web applications A proven history of delivering customer impacting features in an agile environment Experience with some of the following would be an asset:
Go programming language
React.js
Containers or Kubernetes
Public Cloud (AWS, Azure, Google)
RESTful web services
Data modelling and DB query optimization (MongoDB, Cosmos DB) Go programming language React.js Containers or Kubernetes Public Cloud (AWS, Azure, Google) RESTful web services Data modelling and DB query optimization (MongoDB, Cosmos DB) A great balance of confidence and humility Argue like you’re right and listen like you’re not Craves openness and feedback A self-starter who thrives in a self-organizing team Seeks out area of improvement and contribute to growth of the team A willingness to express opinions, make mistakes, and learn quickly 
ScrapedJobID553:
Capgemini is seeking a UI Developer with Hands on software development experience working on Multi-tier Web based applications and JavaScript. Excellent React UI development skills also including HTML5 JavaScript Typescript CSS. Good knowledge of design patterns with excellent problem solving skills. Professional precise communication skills with client interaction. Education – Bachelor’s Degree Years of experience – 4-5 years 
ScrapedJobID554:
Dental care Extended health care Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID555:
Help transform workplace experiences. Through our Indoor Intelligence and mobile app solutions, we can help make workplaces safer and smarter as we return to work. Help people easily navigate complex indoor spaces. We provide developers with the tools to add geospatially accurate maps to mobile and web applications. Our CMS, SDKs and APIs enable users to build and manage scalable, map-enabled apps that create and bring indoor maps to apps to power multiple location-based use cases such as indoor navigation, asset tracking, proximity messaging, business intelligence and more. Create smart indoor spaces through location awareness. We provide industry-leading RTLS products that are used to provide accurate and actionable location data making indoor spaces more productive, cost-effective and safe. Manage cybersecurity. With precise indoor positioning and wide spectrum RF detection, we can detect devices, control applications in secured zones through integration with Mobile Device Management, and uphold best practices, security policies and compliance in government, pharmaceutical, and financial agencies managing sensitive work environment. Optimize resources allocation. Through any number of our product features, we manage, prioritize, and control the way spaces are used and accessed. Whether it's staff allocation in retail space, managing temperature and electricity consumption in a workspace, we improve space utilization. The roadmap. You will play a critical role in optimizing our SDKs and building new features that clients can customize and integrate into their products. You will collaborate with product, design, and development teams both inside and outside the company to plan new functionality. Our clients. You will proactively or reactively solve client issues and support integrations, pain points, and improvements. You will hold yourself accountable as a collaborative team member for reliable quality code accessed by applications and developers all over the world. Exceptional standards through collaboration. You will maintain the integrity of the software by asking questions. You will introduce best practices, ensuring contributions to the SDK provide long-term sustainability. The technical expertise. You have a Computer Science or Engineering degree, or you may have earned your skills in an alternate way. You have worked in a CI/CD environment and have a strong understanding of Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) design principles. You have 3+ years of experience using modern Javascript build systems and languages (Webpack, ES6, Babel, etc.), React and backend technologies (Node.js, SQL, Rest APIs, etc.). You have worked with at least one testing framework, and you have exposure to cloud architecture in GCP. Exposure to SDKs is a definite plus but not a mandatory requirement. An Agile team approach. You have experience working within an Agile Scrum or Kanban environment. You are committed to your team, have outstanding collaboration skills, and have the ability to prioritize. You believe in writing good, readable, maintainable, and long-lasting code. You have experience with software estimation, often confronted with complexity and uncertainty. Armed with excellent refactoring techniques, you work effectively with legacy code. A depth of practical knowledge. You understand how developers think and what modern end-users want, and you use that knowledge to enhance our SDK structure. You are always ready to brainstorm a solution that provides easy-to-use functionality for every situation. The accountability. You care about ownership, and you proactively seek out bugs and fix them. Occasionally, when bugs find you, you don't sweep them under the rug. You are not afraid of changes. You are a good communicator. You can present complicated solutions to non-technical audiences simply and logically. 
ScrapedJobID556:
Work within a cross-functional team (including designers, product managers, architects and other developers) to deliver compelling products and services to our customers Design, write, test, and deploy high quality scalable code Implement our technical roadmap as we scale our services and build new products Maintain standards of security, reliability, performance, and quality Work out loud by sharing your experiences and expertise, helping to improve and enhance processes Take ownership of your work and work autonomously when necessary Participate in code reviews, and apply software development best practices Work with the following technologies: JavaScript + React A degree in Computer Science or Engineering, and at ample experience in developing and maintaining software or an equivalent level of education or work experience, and a track record of substantial contributions to software projects with high business impact You are proficient in at least one programming language, ideally: React or other modern JS frameworks (Angular, Node, Vue), and have a desire to learn other languages You have experience in software design: you know how to analyze and design features, drive discussions, and propose technical solutions You have been a solid contributor in teams that have worked on medium-to-large sized projects that had an impact on business; an understanding of SaaS software development practice is considered an asset You know how to apply best practices to ensure high-quality code (i.e. automated tests; code reviews) Open Communication: clearly conveys thoughts, both written and verbally, listening attentively and asking questions for clarification and understanding Collaboration and Teamwork: works with others to deliver results, meaningfully contributing to the team and prioritizing group needs over individual needs Self Development: is personally committed to, and actively works to continuously improve Problem Solving: uses an organized and logical approach to find solutions to complex problems. Looks beyond the obvious to understand the root cause of problems Resilience, Tolerance for Change/Ambiguity: can effectively cope with change, finding ways to advance work and projects Tenacious. You are determined to succeed, and you are motivated by the success of customers, colleagues and the community. Curious. You are always learning and seeking ways to make things better. Conscientious. You keep your promises, taking your commitments to others seriously, and you have strong integrity. Humble. You lead with humility and empathy, respecting and learning from the perspectives of others. 
ScrapedJobID557:
Design and implement code; build prototypes, draw diagrams, analyze existing code, consult peers, research external sources Plan, initiate, and conduct unit testing of applications, as well as facilitate system testing. Test code thoroughly prior to submitting builds to QA Develop, test, debug, and document web-based applications in accordance with system architecture requirements using Microsoft Visual Studio and TFS Participate in regularly scheduled status and Agile meetings with the project team to understand requirements, suggest product improvements, explain code design, provide estimates, describe work progress, and identify risks, advice on testing, and provide status Analyze, define, and implement interfaces and API’s between business applications to provide coordinated solutions Conduct design, code reviews, and support with automation University or college diploma in computer science or a related field Experience working with highly complex software in a team environment Experience in: .NET Technologies: ASP.NET, ASP.NET MVC, ASP.NET Web API Scripting Languages: JavaScript Source Control: Git or TFVC Libraries: React, JQuery Database: MS SQL Server Experience building applications that support global clients in multilingual, multi-currency environments Remote and Hybrid Work Opportunities Grow your career with challenging and rewarding work that makes a difference Opportunity to give back through our social responsibility initiatives Work with a fun, passionate, travel-loving team! Great travel perks! Free Parking Open concept, collaborative workspace See for yourself! @sunwinglife 
ScrapedJobID558:

ScrapedJobID559:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or a related discipline; 4+ years experience in web/app development; 1+ years experience doing Search Engine Optimization; Strong hands-on experience with a modern front-end framework (React, Angular 2+, Vue, Ember); Knowledge of using CSS preprocessors (SCSS, LESS, etc.); Strong hands-on experience with one of the following back-end frameworks: Python/Django, Ruby on Rails, Express/Node; Strong hands-on experience with non-relational and/or relational databases such as MongoDB, MySQL, Postgres, Redis; Strong hands-on experience building websites and apps from scratch; Interest in scalable, efficient solutions and distributed systems; Strong hands-on experience with working with RESTful APIs, Git, modern UI frameworks (Material UI, Bootstrap, etc.); Strong hands-on experience working with WordPress & cPanel; Comfortable using team collaboration tools such as Jira and Slack; Experience with server setup and administration (AWS or similar); Knowledge of Google Analytics, Facebook Pixel, and similar platforms. A positive attitude, motivated, and a fast learner; Must maintain knowledge of current digital best practices and technology; Excellent critical thinking, problem-solving, and analytic skills are necessary; Enthusiastic, energetic, can-do attitude; Must have strong multitasking skills and be able to work under tight deadlines; Strong organizational and communication skills, both oral and written; High attention to detail; You love teamwork and find it easy to collaborate closely with the design and strategy team to solve complex problems; You are keen to learn modern technology; Very task-oriented and good at providing insights and being proactive. Strong Bash skills; Test-driven development; Agency experience is a plus. Dental care Flexible schedule On-site parking Paid time off 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID560:
Competitive compensation package including overtime pay and annual bonus Flexible health benefits plan after 12 weeks; including Medical, Life Insurance, Accidental Death & Dismemberment Insurance and a Health Care Spending Account 12-Paid vacation days, including 1-week in July Voluntary Registered Retirement Savings Plan (RRSP) or a Tax-Free Savings Account (TFSA), conveniently funded by Team Member payroll contributions Vitality Wellness App that encourages and rewards you for leading a healthier lifestyle Company Diversity and Inclusion business partnering groups Employee Vehicle Discounts Build friendly and long-lasting relationships through social events and an on-site fitness facility Work closely with business groups to define requirements and direction for supported applications Collaborate with the Agile development team to maintain and develop software applications Participate in weekly sprint planning, backlog refinement and daily scrum meetings Analyze business conditions to create application requirements and designs Integrate with external systems based on business requirements Participate in onsite and after-hours support rotations Provide technical guidance to a team of Developers (contractors) Potential travel to Toyota Plants in North and South America supporting application deployment and maintenance Bachelor's Degree or College Diploma in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent degree/diploma is required; equivalent combination of education and relevant experience would be considered Minimum 1 to 3 years relevant experience is required Demonstrated applied software development experience Strong verbal and written communication skills, ability to communicate and document complex technical systems and decisions Strong team player with the ability to engage with all levels of the organization Highly organized and able to balance many concurrent assignments and negotiate with customer groups to follow tasks through to conclusion Ability to provide on-call support rotation for critical manufacturing applications and systems Willing to support daily and weekend overtime requirements as needed Must be flexible to work in Cambridge and/or Woodstock plant locations Possible travel within North America as well as Overseas (less than 10% per year) .Net development (C#, ASP.Net, WPF), Web Services (SOAP, WCF, REST), Angular web development, MVC, MVP, MVVM, object-oriented design patterns, MSMQ, SQL/PLSQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL Experience in an Agile Software Development Demonstrated ability to manage the software development life cycle Well versed in the system design process including design of use cases, testing and implementation 
ScrapedJobID561:
3+ years of work experience in Frontend software development Extensive experience with modern client-side application frameworks (React) Extensive experience in front-end design with microservices, RESTful APIs and open systems Deep understanding of Programming Design patterns, Data structures and JavaScript best practices Excellent problem solving and multi-tasking skills, with a creative and flexible attitude Extensive experience building reusable component frameworks Mastery of JavaScript as a general purpose language Proficiency with JavaScript development toolchains Proficiency working with RESTful APIs and HTTP/ws semantics Experience building and scaling user-focused web applications Experience with analytics and A|B testing frameworks Experience working with development best practices (Source code management (GIT), test automation and disciplined quality driven application development) Ability to provide technical leadership with design, code reviews and framework recommendations as required Enthusiasm for open web technologies and keep up to date with latest technologies and standards Agile Methodologies: Experience with Continuous Integration/Deployment and test driven development Working knowledge of cloud (AWS/Azure), technologies and operations with Docker/Kubernetes A collaborative attitude and strong work ethic You will be challenged with design and develop new software applications You will have the opportunity to work in a growing organization, with ever growing opportunities for personal growth You will have the opportunity to work with the industry most advanced technologies 
ScrapedJobID562:
or equivalent experience Consulting firm Startup company Write, modify, integrate and test software code Identify and communicate technical problems, processes and solutions Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required Write, modify, integrate and test software code for e-commerce and other Internet applications MySQL JavaScript HTML DHTML CSS XML Technology (XSL,XSD,DTD) SQL Ajax JQuery React.js Angular.js Git Unix Linux Internet Database software Servers Security software Mail server software Programming software HTML editing software Software development API 
ScrapedJobID563:
Working on the development of our .NET product, utilizing C#, .NET, and JavaScript Develop, scale, and optimize our software products Implementing features to specifications while working collaboratively with a team of Software Engineers and Architects Work on enhancements, bug fixes and application improvements Build applications using .NET, C#, JavaScript Participate in the design, architecture, and delivery of new features in a collaborative Agile/SCRUM environment Other duties as required 3+ years professional experience in all stages of definition, design, implementation, testing, and deployment of web-based software solutions 3+ years of professional experience in all of the following tools and technologies .NET, C#, ASP.NET, SQL Server and client-side technologies Hands on experience using testing frameworks (ie. NUnit, Visual Studio, xUnit, etc) and TDD Results driven, detail oriented with strong organizational skills, and attention to programming style and neatness are required Strong communication skills, written and verbal Familiar with Agile (Scrum) and XP Software Development Process and methodologies Health, wellness and lifestyle benefits to balance your heart, mind, and body. Pension matching and Employee Equity Incentives to support your financial health. Unlimited paid time off so you can really recharge and enjoy life. Enough said. Flexible working environment. Choose your home, one of our trendy offices or mix it up. Virtual team building and socials. Keeping people connected is important. And an amazing culture to top it all off! 
ScrapedJobID564:
Take end-to-end ownership of the features. Research, architect, implement and help drive innovative solutions. Actively share knowledge and document insights to support continuous team improvement and collaboration. Act as a mentor throughout the software development process. Partner and collaborate with other functions and teams. Consulting with management on the operational requirements of software solutions. Contributing expertise on information system options, risk, and operational impact. Mentoring junior software developers in gaining experience and assuming DevSecOps responsibilities. Managing the installation and configuration of solutions. Overseeing routine maintenance procedures and performing diagnostic tests. Documenting processes and monitoring performance metrics. Conforming to best practices in DevOps and Security. 3+ years of experience working in one of the following (or similar) capacities: DevSecOps Engineer, Infrastructure Engineer, Site Reliability Engineer (SRE). Software Development Engineers with DevSecOps experience are also encouraged to apply. Coding and scripting experience in Python, and Bash (bonus points for Ruby). Hands-on experience with container technologies, Docker, and Docker-Compose. Highly proficient with DevSecOps concepts and technologies. Experience deploying and managing web applications on Amazon Web Services (AWS) and/or Heroku. Familiarity and experience with one or more of the following systems: CI/CD (CircleCI, Gitlab CICD, or similar), Logging (Sumologic, or similar), and Observability tooling (Datadog, or similar). Experience with production incidents: investigation, resolution, and root cause analysis. Experience with configuration management and IaC (Infrastructure as Code) tools (e.g., AWS CDK, AWS CloudFormation, Terraform, Ansible) Strong communication skills and ability to build lasting relationships between functional teams Experience in a 24/7/365 environment Experience with AWS CDK and Cloudformation Extensive experience with AWS services of ECS Fargate, Route 53, S3, IAM, KMS, Cloudtrail, Cloudwatch, MWAA, Sagemaker Experience with AWS serverless services (e.g. Lambda, ECS, MWAA, S3, …) * We believe in innovation and vibrant culture* - work for an innovative, people-first, financial services firm that values entrepreneurialism We believe in a flexible work structure – A flexible hybrid work model that empowers you to do your best work whether at home or at the office We care about your rewards - Competitive compensation including equity programs We care about your health – comprehensive group health and dental benefits and life insurance, including a Lifestyle Spending Account for all your wellness needs We care about your rest - a flexible paid-time-off policy with unlimited vacation days, flexible sick and mental health days We care about your family - Paid parental leave for eligible employees with top-up We care about your future – Group RRSP matching and TFSA program in Purpose funds We care about your development – subsidies are available for courses and tuition 
ScrapedJobID565:
Work on a cross-functional, feature-driven development team Lead the technical design discussions and help drive technical decisions Uphold standards for quality by performing code reviews, fixing bugs, creating automated tests, and monitoring performance Support and mentor junior members of the team Experience in developing and using service APIs Experience with back-end product platform (PHP, MySQL) Excellent understanding of both relational and NoSQL databases (MySQL, MongoDB). Strong knowledge of virtualization and container technologies (Docker) Experience working collaboratively using version control systems (Git/GitLab). Expertise using Swagger and/or Postman tools Experience with AWS and DevOps would be an asset but not required. Nice to have Java experience Competitive salary Career advancement opportunities Benefits package for all eligible full-time employees (including medical, vision, and dental). A culture that promotes a healthy, fulfilling work-life balance Free parking Foosball, Ping Pong Table & basketball net Gym facilities Epic year-round employee events! 
ScrapedJobID566:
Be a part of a small agile team, with the freedom to move quickly and develop innovative solutions. Solve interesting problems in an evolving domain – work with leading hyperscale cloud providers Build out critical components of our technology intelligence portfolio that are in high demand by our customers. We have a commitment to always improve. Problems are actioned, not ignored. We encourage the team to question what we do and how we do it. Colleagues are smart, helpful, and kind. Cross functional teams ensure that there are no silos. We believe that work/life balance is important. We provide flexibility in work hours and the ability to work from home. Work in teams and individually to implement product functionality – design, code, unit test, integration tests Participate in requirements analysis and feature definition Contribute to system architecture design Experience building modern web applications A proven history of delivering customer impacting features in an agile environment Experience with some of the following would be an asset:
Go programming language
React.js
Containers or Kubernetes
Public Cloud (AWS, Azure, Google)
RESTful web services
Data modelling and DB query optimization (MongoDB, Cosmos DB) Go programming language React.js Containers or Kubernetes Public Cloud (AWS, Azure, Google) RESTful web services Data modelling and DB query optimization (MongoDB, Cosmos DB) A great balance of confidence and humility Argue like you’re right and listen like you’re not Craves openness and feedback A self-starter who thrives in a self-organizing team Seeks out area of improvement and contribute to growth of the team A willingness to express opinions, make mistakes, and learn quickly 
ScrapedJobID567:
Decompose user stories and translate them into detailed design specifications and code Deliver efficient, scalable code that flows with our codebase Interact with key business & technology stakeholders to define, analyze, and deliver requirements that reflect the needs of both the business and end-customers Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or equivalent 5+ years of experience with backend development and developing web applications with HTML, CSS and JavaScript, ECMAScript 6 3+ years of experience with web application frameworks (e.g. React.js, Angular, Vue.js) Strong experience with Node.js Experience building micro services Experience with REST/JSON services and building REST APIs Experience with AWS technologies and Server less environments Using GIT or any other version control system Experience working on Agile teams and scaling applications You have strong oral and written communication skills and able to effectively communicate complex technical concepts to a broad range of audiences You have strong sense of ownership, responsibility and self-motivation You’re able to work with other programming languages and learn new languages and technologies quickly You have a passion for user experience, performance, and uptime You are curious, love to push the envelope and challenge the status quo You thrive in a unique, collaborative, high energy environment You know that trust is imperative and actively build it through accountability, integrity and respect for people’s ideas and time 
ScrapedJobID568:
Workplace : 5600 Chemin Côte-de-Liesse, Montreal, Quebec with possibilities of working from home. A formidable and dynamic team of professionals. Benefits: competitive base salary and generous benefits package (including flexible hours, medical and dental insurance, pension plan and holidays during the Holiday Season). Discounts offered to employees on Groupe Marcelle products. Optimization, extension customization, issue investigation, custom functionality build, front-end integration, bug testing, etc. Follow internal Magento development code ethics and review. Assist Project Manager on estimating complex tasks or prospective projects. Identify user and system requirements for new websites and applications. Work closely with other developers, business analysts, product owners & UX/UI designers. Create wireframes and design systems to build and maintain web brand standards and guidelines. Integrate, with web service, layers and CMS to enable high availability and flexibility with deployments. Develops and maintains responsive web designs using PWA Studio or similar framework. Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade the front-end software stack. Test software to ensure responsiveness and scalability. Write technical documentation. Solid experience (3+ years) as a Front-End Developer or similar capacity. Knowledge of multiple front-end languages and libraries (HTML, JavaScript, CSS, JSON, XSLT, and XML). At least 2 years’ experience Magento Development in an eCommerce environment. Experience working with Magento 2 Commerce. Experience writing single page applications using JavaScript frameworks. Experience with Magento 2 PWA (PWA Studio). Experience with Angular, React, and Ajax. Must have experience with Git for pushing/pulling code. Experience with Jira and Agile methodology. Excellent verbal and written communication skills in both English and French. Teamwork oriented. Attention to details. Work well under pressure. You are intellectually curious and a quick learner. 
ScrapedJobID569:
8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID570:
Work with other developers and managers to design solutions to complex problems. Ensure the quality of your and your team’s work. Work as part of a small Agile team. Ensure that the designs are complete and documented. Code is developed according to design with no or low level of defects. Actively participate in the improvement of development procedures, workflow and process to improve quality and performance of developed software. Design and implement testing processes within the code base to improve quality and performance of the software. Consistently utilize Jira and Confluence for documenting designs, testing plans, feature functionality additions and modifications. Attend meetings as prescribed by Agile Kanban process followed by the team. React + Redux experience Strong written and verbal communication skills Good teamwork and collaborative skills Experience in the following areas is a plus:
AWS and/or Azure
RESTful API design
Node.JS and/or C# AWS and/or Azure RESTful API design Node.JS and/or C# International, fast paced and rapidly growing environment Chance to work with the world's biggest brands at the CX tech leader Agile and open-minded culture with a high level of flexibility Opportunity for professional growth and development 3 weeks of PTO (current PTO accrued by 6% from each paycheck) Flexible working hours A corporate group insurance coverage Personal days (5 days per year - prorated) Sick days (unlimited) Community days (2 days per year) Access to an Employee Assistance Program (EAP) There’s more as well! Speak with us to find out all details! 
ScrapedJobID571:
Design and develop highly scalable production level code for our enterprise products using Java, Groovy, Spring and many open source libraries. Perform Full Stack software development for core web applications from client side to the Graph database and everything in between. Implement core REST + JSON based APIs. Develop automated solutions to build, deploy, and test applications in a cloud environment. Work closely alongside other developers and QA engineers using the Agile software development lifecycle. Write automated unit tests. Work in a dynamic, changing environment using continuous integration and a dev-ops model to rapidly develop, test, and deploy code into production. Research and implement solutions using new technologies. 3 years of hands on experience designing and developing microservices using either Java/Spring Boot or node.js 3 years of experience with UI technologies: JavaScript, Angular, HTML, CSS 3 years of experience in JavaScript libraries like Angular or React 3 years of experience with system integration 3 years of relevant experience with API concepts and technologies such as REST, JSON, XML, SOAP, YAML, GraphQL, and Swagger Experience developing within agile methodology using CI/CD pipeline Experienced in 3-tier, n-tier, cloud computing, microservices architectures and SOA. Good knowledge of integration architectures Experience supporting and/or implementing complex integration projects Excellent client management skills Experience with Data modeling would be an asset Proven success in contributing to a team-oriented environment. Proven ability to work creatively in a problem-solving environment. Excellent communication skills Demonstrated teamwork and collaboration in professional setting; either military or civilian. 
ScrapedJobID572:
Develops high-quality interactive eLearning modules in Articulate Storyline or other rapid authoring tools ensuring performance on desktop and mobile devices. Develops custom learning modules using HTML5, CSS & Javascript Develops functional digital applications based on client technical specifications and on visual designs created by the lead artist. Ensures learning solutions are developed according to established industry and department standards/processes Collaborates with stakeholders on the project to ensure we recommend the solution that best meets client needs Reviews project requirements, provides feedback and estimates work Researches and maintains familiarity with industry standard courseware development trends and solutions to assess opportunities and applicability to existing tools Optimizes applications for best performance Supports the maintenance of existing online learning content Fosters the sharing and constant evolution of best practices for the rapid authoring tools that we use to develop our training materials Bachelor’s degree in Multimedia, Computer Sciences or in a related discipline Minimum of 5 years’ experience performing web development (frontend and backend) Experience with structured software development methodologies Excellent developing with HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, Vue, LESS, JSON, NodeJS Excellent with solving the challenges of cross browser rendering and cross device performance for both desktop and mobile devices Experience with MVC, OO design Experience with SVN, Git or other source control systems Experience with responsive design Solid experience with e-learning platforms (LMS), AICC and SCORM standards Ability to work independently with minimal supervision and collaborate in a team environment Ability to multi-task and establish priorities for multiple projects at various stages of completion simultaneously to meet deadline Excellent organizational skills Excellent analytic & problem-solving skills: able to identify and resolve problems in a timely manner Effective communication skills (written and oral) Ability to work cooperatively as a team member Familiarity with MS Office Suite (Outlook, Excel, Word) Languages: English and French working knowledge Experience with Articulate Storyline or other rapid authoring tools Experience in pharmaceutical, healthcare, and training sectors Agile software development methodologies Familiarity with Azure, MS Teams, Adobe Creative Suite Demonstrated passion for online learning methods, tools and technologies 
ScrapedJobID573:
Create, modify and design static HTML Code accessible HTML5 and CSS3 sites according to web standards Advanced CSS Experienced with building and automation tools Code optimization Experienced with JavaScript/jQuery Knowledge of SEO best practices Understanding of MySQL Databases, cPanel and PhpMyAdmin Figma or sketch experience Zeplin is a strong asset Strong Wordpress skills required Strong project management and organizational skills Creative, enthusiastic, flexible and collaborative person Experience building public-facing websites that work across different browsers Attention to detail Experience implementing web accessibility standards such as W3C, 508, AODA & GDPR Must have live working portfolio examples of websites that pass W3C Compliance 100% using https://validator.w3.org/ Cutting edge environment Stable and growing company Benefits and vacation Daytime hours Monday to Friday On the TTC line Excellent Benefits 
ScrapedJobID574:
Work alongside the development team to develop new features including front-end part using Angular + NgRx and back-end part using Node.js + Nest.js Optimize our application for speed and efficiency. Help our support and QA team with their testing. Code using latest technologies (see below for details). Provide valuable input during architecture discussions and current architecture at all. Always working to improve your knowledge, technical best practices. Ability to work without direct supervision. Excellent communication skills. (English) 3+ years of experience in IT. Experienced with Typescript. Experienced with Angular. Experienced with RxJs, NgRx. Experienced with HTML/CSS. Experienced with Node.js (Nest.js) + MongoDB. Experienced with Socket.io Experience integrating with REST APIs. Solid understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and work-arounds. Experience working in Agile (Scrum, Kanban, etc) environment Basic understanding of Docker. Cordova, Ionic. Gulp, Webpack. CI/CD practices (Jenkins, Teamcity, etc) 
ScrapedJobID575:
6+ years of web and/or mobile user interface development experience, developing across multiple platforms and has delivered projects as part of a team Experience working with a modern JS frameworks (eg. Angular, React or Vue.js) Experience working with ES6 and modular JavaScript programming Expert knowledge in HTML5 and CSS3, responsive design, flexbox, SCSS or LESS Experience in customer facing roles Data dashboards, Veeva/Salesforce certifications, experience with PWA, Service Workers, Webpack, and performance optimization Experience managing and mentoring other developers an asset A global full-service digital consultancy firm. Their global team is dedicated to delivering seamlessly integrated strategies, immersive user experiences, cross-platform development, deployment, training, and ongoing support. They have a results-focused approach which allows them to understand the client needs, shape digital strategies, and forge a path to deliver business success. Solve complex user experience functional and technical challenges Combine design theory, and take into consideration content, navigational structure and usability issues to create a powerful and integrated experience Implement and promote adherence of group technology standards and practices to ensure the highest degree of software quality Adhering to client technology standards and practices Create and present demos, proof of concepts or work in progress based on unique customer scenarios in client facing meetings 
ScrapedJobID576:
Confirmit - https://www.confirmit.com/ FocusVision - https://www.focusvision.com/ Dapresy - https://www.dapresy.com/ 2 or more years industry experience developing front-end web applications using React/Redux and NodeJS Strong knowledge in JavaScript friendly, smart and easy to work with open to test driven development ideas and understand the importance of building quality into your software humble, and enjoy helping your colleagues and appreciate their guidance in return Work/Life balance Competitive salary and benefits package Secure employment, average R&D tenure is 5+ years. Local team with access to a larger developer community. Casual work atmosphere, flexible work schedules, and a great team Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends Do you live in the BC lower mainland? React: 2 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID577:
Category: Product Development Type: Full Time Reports to: CTO Posting date: February 23, 2021 Accountability Attention to Detail Results Orientation Time Management Software Development, modifying software to fix errors, adapt it to new hardware, improve its performance, or upgrade interfaces Work on new features to improve existing products. Build and implement new software solutions and applications from the ground up. Perform analysis, design, implementation, verification, demonstration, and maintenance of these products in a team environment. Prioritize and manage multiple projects and deliverables simultaneously. Implement software according to internal and industry best practices. Analyzing information to recommend and plan the installation of new systems or modifications of an existing system. Consulting with departments or customers on project status and proposals Work with Quality Assurance, Project Managers, and Product Specialists to ensure that company products are meeting client standards. Analyzing information to recommend and plan the installation of new systems or modifications of an existing system. Degree or diploma in computer science, computer systems engineering, software engineering, web design, or a field related to the industry 2-3 years of related experience Demonstrated aptitude for learning new technologies Familiarity with various programming languages and development platforms Strong knowledge of browser compatibility problems for all platforms and major browser types Ability to effectively communicate both verbally and in writing High level of integrity and work ethic Ability to prioritize and manage conflicting demands Demonstrated time management skills Ability to work individually as well as part of a team High flexibility with strong interpersonal skills that allow one to work effectively in a diverse environment Bonus pay Casual dress Work from home Flexible schedule Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Wellness program Software Development: 3 years (Preferred) 
ScrapedJobID578:
Develop detailed specification documents with clear project deliverables and Design and develop web applications that are highly interactive and graphical. This Support, fix, maintain, and improve existing software/functionalities; Develop new applications for new projects; Design and perform system testing and validation procedures; Create the appropriate documentation for software, systems, and processes. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or relevant field; Minimum 10 years’ experience in software development. Candidate MUST have Experience working on a variety of software development projects; MUST be fluent in English, both oral and written as there will be lots of interactions Autonomous, self-managed with the ability to work remotely with minimal Fast learner, able to grasp new concepts quickly; Interest in working in a fast-paced environment and under pressure; Great team player that likes to work with teammates/co-workers abroad. Node.js Nuxt.js Linux, bash Vue.js REST/RESTful MongoDB JavaScript HTML, CSS, SASS OpenAPI, Express Docker (Kubernetes or Swarm) 
ScrapedJobID579:
Cutting up designs and building out the front-end to integrate with Drupal (our CMS of choice) Building reusable components for designs systems Building front-ends for headless systems, using React or other JS frontends. Working with clients and internal team members to deliver top notch projects HTML, CSS, JS, GIT, and other tech a plus Ability to work with responsive designs for use across multiple devices Ability to double check your work React experience an asset Nice to have
PHP
Twig
Node PHP Twig Node 2+ years designing and hand-coding websites Experience with Drupal 8 theme development MUST have samples showing off your work Nice to have
Experience with continuous integration and build scripts like gulp or grunt Experience with continuous integration and build scripts like gulp or grunt Flex start times & Earned days off: Do you prefer to start at 8:00? or 9:00? We'll work with you. Want every second Friday off? Well we've got a program for that too! Paid Overtime for all roles...including salary positions: What? What?! Yep you heard right. We pay for all approved OT...not that we want everyone working so hard, but with the natural ebb and flow of our industry sometimes it's needed to blast out the OT in order to keep our heads above water. We find this little pay cheque nugget is a nice reward for the over timerz. Slappies: Tougher to explain but once a month we get together and have a little ceremony, some food, a few brews - no altars or corporate chants involved. Fun day: We aim to have fun every day; however, every year for a day we cram a bunch of fun on ourselves. Weee! SPARC Events: Sometimes we have an in-house breakfast, team building events, (less corny than it sounds), competitions, or just a plain little reward for no reason. It's a little spark in our usually normal days. Warning, we make you wear costumes. Often. Culture: We're a certain type of people. We're all a little different and unique in our own way but we seem to work well together. No one’s perfect and we embrace that. We take our work seriously, but we don't take ourselves too seriously. Check out our site to get to know us! Remote work available! 
ScrapedJobID580:
Apache Tomcat or other JEE Application Server MYSQL, Postgres, MSSQL, NoSQL AngularJS, ReactJS, Ionic HTML/CSS with Bootstrap a plus Java, PHP, NodeJS Maven, NPM Eclipse and/or IntelliJ Eclipse Plugin development Object Oriented Programing and Delivery Lotus Domino 
ScrapedJobID581:
Responsible for the design, development, implementation and unit testing of responsive web applications leveraging Java/J2EE. Collaborate with front-end developers Create and update documentation in support of development efforts. Participates in code review with peers and managers Response to trouble/support call for applications in production Become a subject matter expert in 1-2 databases in order to support our platform Strong Java programming skills Background in Linux/Unix administration Familiar with cloud providers such as AWS, Google Cloud, Azure Comfortable with an on-call schedule rotation Expertise with any of the following databases-including MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Redis, Elastic, Cassandra, SQL server & Oracle 
ScrapedJobID582:
Maintain and build on the system and solution architecture of Service oriented Web Applications; Design solutions tailored on customer requirements; Coach and organize Agile methodology based governance; Participate and prepare governance meetings to provide visibility on project plan and milestone achievements; Interact with different organizations (IT, Core Engineering, Methods, …) to ensure seamless integration of the provided solutions; A university or (technical) college degree in computer development and/or equivalent experience; Strong experience of building system and solution architectures; 5 years of experience in web application development; Good skills in Java or others procedural / functional programming languages; Good skills with web frontend technologies (React, Angular, HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript); Knowledge of SQL Server; Knowledge of Operating Systems (Windows, Linux), virtualization and networking; Experience with PLM (TeamCenter) and ERP (SAP) is an asset; Organized, a good planner and problem solver. Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Application development: 4 years (required) Java: 2 years (required) HTML5: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID583:
A bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or similar A minimum of 1-2 years of proven work experience in software development Demonstrated experience in: NET; C#, ASP.NET Core SQL Server or MySQL Angular/React/Typescript; NodeJS Bootstrap/CSS; Cloud (Azure, AWS) Full stack web development Distributed scalable web systems and Web security/authentication; Demonstrated experience in solution development, facilitation of decision making, and team work Experience in all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Are client-delivery focused, and committed to working as a flexible extension to our clients to earn a place as their trusted advisor Possess superior written and verbal communication skills Have a natural curiosity towards gaining new understanding and broadening your knowledge base Are skilled in managing and prioritizing multiple projects and competing deadlines Have strong analytical and problem-solving skills. 
ScrapedJobID584:
or equivalent experience Adobe Illustrator Adobe Photoshop Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls HTML CSS HTML editing software Web service design Medical Benefits 
ScrapedJobID585:
Communicating well, being kind unto others, choosing to be vulnerable and always being honest. Understand the core of problems from first principles and never be afraid to question received wisdom. Approaching problem solving iteratively, simplifying not complicating. Being curious and interested in understanding business and technology. Embrace the use of code in everyday data solutions. Working hard to make solutions that we can be proud of and use ourselves. 3 Weeks holiday to start. 100% virtual work environment - our staff often work in fun sunny places! Comprehensive health and wellness benefits package. We are committed to nurturing and training our people. You can demonstrate your exceptional ability to solve problems in software. You are willing to learn and communicate. You are curious about technology and how it helps people and organizations. 
ScrapedJobID586:
Concevoir des éléments graphiques, sonores ou visuels reliés au web et assurer le développement des contenus multimédia du site des jeux en ligne.Elle assure la qualité visuelle du site dans le but de préserver l'image et la crédibilité de l'entreprise face à la clientèle. Concevoir des contenus multimédias : éléments graphiques, sonores ou visuels reliés au web ou à des productions numériques Préparer le matériel pour les intégrateurs dans la réalisation de contenus web Assurer la cohérence et le contrôle de la qualité des normes graphiques des sites web Conseiller la clientèle en matière de multimédia et recommander des scénarios créatifs et pertinents Assurer la livraison dans les délais requis Expérience antérieure semblable 
ScrapedJobID587:
Experience developing Single Page Applications using React/Angular Solid understanding of JavaScript Proficiency with HTML5, CSS3, and a good grasp of the DOM Familiarity with mocha, jest, and cypress as a bonus Previous experience working with UX an asset Take part in planning sessions Implement UI components using React as per Visual Specs Maintain and Debug existing UI components Document new and existing components Create test cases for new and existing components 
ScrapedJobID588:
Participer à la réalisation et à l’évolution de projets numériques Soutenir l’équipe dans l’exécution des diverses demandes provenant des clients internes Formuler des recommandations pour résoudre des problèmes liés au front-end et au back-end Réviser et assurer la qualité des éléments d’intégration dans les différents navigateurs Collaborer avec l’équipe E-commerce dans l’atteinte des objectifs corporatifs Optimiser la performance des sites Web Participer aux rencontres quotidiennes de gestion de projets Partager tes connaissances avec les autres développeurs Cinq années d’expérience en développement Web Excellente compréhension des concepts de CMS Excellentes connaissances en PHP, HTML/CSS et JavaScript Bonus : Expérience avec Drupal, Symphony ou Angular Bonus : Connaissance de Salesforce ou tout autre CRM Bonus : Maîtrise de la suite AWS 
ScrapedJobID589:
Create responsive user experiences by building interfaces that are simple and easy to comprehend, using modern tools like React. You will work closely with the Product Manager, the UI/ UX Designer and Engineering team to ensure alignment with the product roadmap. Help shape Interaptix's technical roadmap At least two (2) years of software engineering experience Experience with HTTP/REST and web technologies like webRTC Experience creating automated test suites and ensuring quality in your code. Experience working with and instrumenting web metrics, monitoring and analytics systems Deep knowledge of data structures and algorithms and an ability to use them practically when implementing solutions A proven teammate and owner- willing to take on ownership of the systems, and think about operations, maintenance and reliability of his/her systems You've worked on front-end teams that utilized 3d rendering components such as ThreeJS Experience with computer graphics pipeline. Be part of a high performing team of solving real-world problems with AR & VR Access leadership and growth opportunities as the company and spatial computing industry scale. A high degree of autonomy and accountability A team of risk-takers, innovators and builders who own it, and build awesome products 
ScrapedJobID590:
Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID591:
Application development best practices IT security best practices and standards relating to application development and/or integration In-depth knowledge of the current City of Ottawa development toolset Event-driven/object-oriented program design techniques Structured systems analyses and design techniques City network environment Understanding of database concepts relating to application and database security System testing techniques Knowledge of and experience with COTS system installation, configuration, administration and support A combination of knowledge and experience working with Oracle, .Net and/or Java development tool sets Troubleshooting application issues Good understanding of system failover and recovery strategies Applicable legislation (e.g. MFIPPA, AODA) For Business Intelligence (BI) positions: Business intelligence tools and reporting Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) tools and workloads Dimensional data modeling and data warehousing techniques IBM Cognos BI, IBM Cognos Analytics, IBM InfoSphere DataStage are desirable For Enterprise Content Management (ECM) positions: Enterprise content management concepts including web content management, records management, and document management Knowledge of the records management process, categorizations, disposition rules, etc. Requires strong demonstrated training and development experience and knowledge in web technology including web application and server architectures, Java web application frameworks, web security, web-based user interface design, portal architectures, and web services Experience with content management tools and enterprise application server architecture Oracle UCM Stellent WebCenter, Oracle WebLogic, SAP Netweaver, Business intelligence tools, UNIX operating system are desirable For Enterprise Service Bus (ESB) positions: Administration of ESB infrastructure including maintenance of highly available system, patches/upgrades, and deployments of applications Coordinate complex integrations of enterprise systems Ensure secure communications of data payloads Oracle SOA Suite, including WebLogic, Oracle Service Bus (OSB), Solaris UNIX and Web Service Architectures/Infrastructure are desirable For Geographic Information System (GIS) positions: GIS application development Enterprise GIS technology GIS development tools ESRI ArcGIS, Autodesk AMP, Powerbuilder, Safe Software FME are desirable For SAP positions: Proficiency in ABAP/JAVA Experience with SAP ABAP development and methodology SAP specific object oriented programming For Web Developer positions Good understanding of Apache, Tomcat, IIS, Drupal and JavaEE architecture Requires strong demonstrated training and development experience and knowledge in web technology including web application and server architectures, Java web application frameworks, web security, web-based user interface design, web accessibility principles, portal architectures, and web services Php or Perl development experience Drupal and PHP, SAP Netweaver, Solaris UNIX, CentOS Linux are desirable Develop applications using current development toolset Install, customize and configure COTS applications Integrate hardware and software Liaise effectively with clients, all levels of ITS staff, vendors and consultants Gather and document user requirements Organize work and meet deadlines Demonstrate effective written and oral communication skills Work independently and as a team member Use effective judgment when immediate supervision is unavailable Research and analytical skills Good oral and written communication skills Mentor junior staff (where applicable) Organize, develop and document procedures Good organization and prioritization skills to handle multi-tasking Enterprise scale application deployments Development techniques for optimal performance and scalability Collaborative approach in working with others Converse effectively using both technical and general business terminology Diplomacy and tact Demonstrate initiative and self-motivation Work effectively under pressure Work with minimum supervision Flexible Able to meet deadlines Client-focussed and service-oriented High degree of interpersonal skills Language Requirement: English oral, reading, writing Experience and formal training combined with demonstrated performance and ability may substitute for stipulated academic requirements. Please save a copy of the job poster. Once the closing date has passed, it will no longer be available. 
ScrapedJobID592:
You want to work at a company that is building impactful, relevant technology.
Auvik's network management software helps IT teams by automating time-consuming tasks, streamlining operations, and mitigating risk. It's more important than ever to be able to remotely monitor and manage network infrastructure, and with Auvik, IT professionals have that essential visibility and control. You want to work with a leadership team who are transparent and trustworthy.
Our senior leaders have a vision for Auvik. They are experienced, knowledgeable, approachable, and consistently working hard to drive success, both for the company and the team of people who make it happen. You want to work with a product customers love.
People rave about what we've built—our latest NPS was 57 (phenomenal!). Our customers are smart, aspirational, and highly technical. It pays to get the details right. You want regular opportunities for learning and growth.
With ongoing feedback from leadership, you'll find that Auvik encourages you to be your very best. Our onboarding process is thorough and informative because we want to make sure you're prepared to have a great work experience. We also have programs designed to help you take the next steps you want for your career. You want the flexibility to manage your work, your way.
We're a fully distributed team and we're prepared to continue to support working from home (or the space you choose!). When we're able, we'll have Auvik hubs in Waterloo and Barcelona for you to leverage if needed. We trust you to get the job done where you feel most comfortable and effective. Develop intuitive, efficient, and elegant web UI features using React, GraphQL, D3, and NodeJS. Build reliable, highly available, and scalable software on top of the Kafka streaming platform. Deploy and manage containerized applications using Kubernetes orchestration. Architect and design key components as we transition to microservices. Monitor microservices in production using metrics and OpenTracing. Strong communicators (written and verbal) who work collaboratively with their immediate team, and the larger organization. Developers who are unafraid to learn through research and will drive conversation and make recommendations based on experiences and findings. Demonstrate accountability by following established processes and making suggestions for process/delivery improvements. Work collaboratively with engineering and product management to deliver software components to meet the needs of our customers. 
ScrapedJobID593:
ReactJS React-Native Familiarity with a design tool (Adobe, Figma, Gimp, etc.) HTML/CSS/JS (ideally have experience with Typescript) GraphQL or some other state management tool (Flow, MobX, Redux, etc.) Postgresql Version control (Git) RabbitMQ GoLang Docker Xcode Android studio Experience in Agile Scrum methodology The opportunity to work with some of the best minds in Medicine and AI to attack the most important problems facing our healthcare institutions The chance to see firsthand how your work will affect the outcomes of patients and healthcare providers A competitive salary ($48,530-$100,000) and benefits package A generous vacation policy A wellness stipend to assist with cost associated with fitness (i.e Apple Fitness)/gym memberships etc. A 40 hour work week with a flexible schedule and a remote first environment Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Are you legally permitted to work in Canada? ReactJS: 1 year (preferred) React Native: 1 year (preferred) HTML: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID594:
Translating algorithmic models and analysis into visualizations that are easily understandable by both technical and non-technical audience Interpret UI/UX wireframes, create an inventory of assets for development and translate visual mock-ups into live code Build reusable code and libraries for future use Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs Optimize applications for maximum speed and scalability Ensure that all user input is validated before submitting to back-end services Designing and implementing product features in collaboration with various stakeholders Degree/Diploma in Computer Science, Math, Software Engineering or a related field preferred 2+ years of experience in a development role using JavaScript is required Strong understanding of JavaScript and TypeScript and its paradigms, quirks and workarounds Must know ES6 and its features, including destructuring, arrow functions, and module loaders Good understanding of state managers (such as Redux), libraries and frameworks for virtual DOM implementation Solid understanding of immutability in JavaScript and how to implement it Familiarity with React/mithril an asset Familiarity with mapping software such as mapbox, google maps, deck.gl etc an asset Familiarity with server side programming using node and express an asset Familiarity with reactive programming, observer pattern, RxJS Good understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates and AJAX Proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues Familiarity with webpack, GIT, web workers, charting libraries, and SASS Strong communication, organization and time management skills, as well as a willingness to learn 
ScrapedJobID595:
Respond to incoming support requests from customers in a timely manner Investigate and resolve technical support issues prior to escalation Develop user documentation, knowledge base, and other self-help content Provide pre-and post-sales technical support to sales and marketing staff Be proactive and help customers plan for their needs and future demand Install, configure and maintain company products and IT systems Contribute to product testing and development activities on some occasions Must have excellent English communication skills; both verbal and written Must have experience in technical support, server administration, or other IT fields Ability to troubleshoot web application using Chrome DevTools or similar tools Demonstrable skills with scripting languages such as Python, Perl, or Bash Working knowledge of networking protocols, such as HTTP(S), SMTP, TLS, and DNS Experience with configuring Linux and Windows server environments Experience with server virtualization, configuration, and maintenance Experience with database administration Experience with using software development tools and methods (source control, unit testing, bug tracking, continuous integration, etc.) Thorough understanding of the latest security principles, techniques, and protocols Good problem-solving skills and ability to work under pressure Ability to participate in multiple projects concurrently Excellent communication skills (verbal, written, and presentation) Ability to understand new technologies quickly is essential Good interpersonal skills and customer-focused mindset 8 hour shift technical support role: 3 years (required) technical support, server administration, or other IT fields: 3 years (required) scripting languages such as Python, Perl, or Bash: 3 years (required) networking protocols, such as HTTP(S), SMTP, TLS, and DNS: 3 years (required) configuring Linux and Windows: 2 years (required) server virtualization, configuration, and maintenance: 1 year (preferred) database administration: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID596:
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience. 2 years of experience with software development in one or more programming languages, or 1 year of experience with an advanced degree. 2 years of experience with data structures or algorithms. 2 years of experience in analysis, data science, or equivalent experience (e.g., LTV, churn analysis, growth KPI). Master's degree or PhD in Computer Science or related technical fields. Experience developing accessible technologies. Experience designing data products such as dashboards, reports, statistics, and providing data analysis. Professional C++ experience. Professional web development experience. Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and improve software. Manage individual project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables with your technical expertise. Build data analysis tools that will drive decisions on how to build the best Chrome. Improve our ability to detect regressions via our in-the-wild sampling profiler through extending capabilities of the Chrome sampling profiler, building data processing and regression pipelines, and alerting. Understanding performance regressions in core metrics through improvements to diagnostic metrics in chrome, dashboards, and data analysis. 
ScrapedJobID597:
Work primarily with the development team on CampSite platform project priorities. Develop technical specifications based on functional requirements Implement mission critical end-user and customer interfaces in the CampSite system. Maintain and repair existing application flows and user experiences in the platform. Develop new components in the existing platform. Excellent communication skills (written and oral). Hands-on experience working on projects in a distributed environment. 1-2 years programming using PHP, MySQL (or similar DB platform), and Ubuntu Linux 18 (LAMP). Front-end skills: JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, CSS. Experience working as an Agile Developer on Scrum teams using Agile methodologies. Familiarity with the Atlassian product line (i.e. Jira, Bitbucket, Sourcetree, etc.). Understanding of Agile Architecture principles and practices. Working experience with Bootstrap and responsive web development. Experience with REST APIs. 
ScrapedJobID598:
Follow detailed requirements documents and execute projects in a reasonable and efficient timeline. Assist other team members including Jr. Software developers with solving software related problems. Collaborate with other team members under senior leadership to solve technical and software related problems. Provide input to solve complex problems through the use of logic and software. Self-direct skill improvement tasks. Committed to continued career in software development. Knowledgeable and up to date with latest industry best practices. Minimum of 1 year of experience in a related position with at least one other employer. Experience and strong understanding of logic and logical processes to solve complex software related problems. Knowledge of common web programming languages and markup such as JavaScript, PHP, HTML, and CSS. Good written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to request clarification on unclear requests, communicate limitations, or request help when necessary. Ability to work self-directed tasks with good time management skills. Good research skills including identifying when research is required, validating credible sources, and self-directing research related tasks. Minimum of 1 year of experience in software or web development industry. Minimum of 3 employment or academic related references. Portfolio of previous work. PMP or related certification. Experience with waterfall, agile, and blended software development methodologies. Up to 5 years of experience in the Software Development industry. A Degree, Diploma, or related experience in Business Administration, Commerce or related field. Experience using project management and source control tools. A reference letter from a previous employer. A reference letter from previous technology related employer or instructor. 
ScrapedJobID599:
Expert at PHP Experience with Different types of Databases (MySQL, MsSQL, etc.) Experience with any MVC frameworks (Symfony, PHPCake, Zend, etc) Experience with Javascript (JQuery, Script.aculo.us, Prototype) Familiarity with cross-browsing and responsive technologies Some front-end experience 3+ years of PHP design/coding/testing in Open Source environment building large scale distributed web sites. Experience working in a formal software development environment 3+ years of Object Orientation software coding experience for web applications Linux, Mac O/S, MySQL, PHP 4/5, Apache/Light HTTP technology experience based on LAMP model 
ScrapedJobID600:
Application development and ongoing application support for .Net based solutions. Highly scalable applications through all phases of the development lifecycle in enterprise environment The effectiveness, quality, and timeliness of solution development and architecture decisions ensuring delivery success Provide subject matter expertise to the customer at a technical level on all phases of the project development cycle or support project A bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field and Microsoft Certifications or working towards them. 5+ years of extensive hands on .NET development experience covering key development, deployment and support dimensions. Good understanding of OO Design Principles; good understanding and hands on experience with Technical design documents; 3+ years of experience developing or maintaining high traffic public facing web sites using Asp.Net, MVC, .Net Core, Web APIs, JavaScript, HTML, CSS including experience in building or enhancing integrations to back-end solutions Experience in working with relational databases, such as Microsoft SQL or Oracle Experience with CI/CD pipelines (Azure DevOps), Unit Testing Framework (Jest, Enzyme, NUnit), Modern Web Programming (NodeJs, React), Code Versioning and Integration (GIT, Bitbucket, GitHub), and Security (Standard web security, Single Sign-On, and web service security using security tokens). Experience developing and/or maintaining Azure applications – Web APIs, Logic App, Azure Functions, etc. Experience with Integration, Performance and Load testing of all tiers Experience running User Centered Design workshops to perform Discovery & Design services to capture business requirement and preparing Solution You will lead at every level: We grow the world’s best leaders so you can achieve the impact you seek, faster. You can work your way: We give you the means to be flexible in how you need and want to work, and we have innovative spaces, arrangements and the mindset to help you be wildly successful. You will feel included and inspired: We create a deep sense of belonging where you can bring your whole self to work. 
ScrapedJobID601:
Design, develop, test, deliver, maintain, and improve application as a member of a team Builds code to specifications and standards Update daily progress through the tracking tool (Jira) or Kanban board Participate in the weekly meetings to assist in refining the Product Backlog including providing initial estimates Apply disciplined coding practices to enable agility and delivery of high-quality code Be able to define and develop unit tests and unit test libraries to ensure code development is robust and production ready. Minimum 3+ years of experience developing, deploying, and managing applications on a multi-tier architecture with high-availability and/or replication environment Strong Experience in designing RESTful backend services and developing them using Dot Net Framework or Dot Net Core. Experience in .Net using C# and Entity Framework 6 (Code First workflow) Strong understanding of SQL, relational data modeling/schema design, and database management/optimization and performance tuning Hands on experience in working with Microsoft SQL Server/Azure technologies. Experience in designing, producing and consuming REST/JSON APIs Experience in reporting tools, such as Telerik Reporting, SSRS or Crystal Strong object oriented (OOPS) and software architecture fundamentals Demonstrated experience in developing Web applications, APIs and SaaS products Fluent in software fundamentals including software design, algorithm development, data structures, code modularity and maintainability. Fluent in GIT source code control. Experience in Deploying application on Microsoft Azure Cloud Internally motivated, able to work proficiently both independently and in a team environment. Remain engaged, proactive, and positive in tough circumstances Experience with JavaScript, especially Angular Experience with GIS systems, ESRI ArcGIS RESTAPIs, and ArcGIS JavaScript SDKs Experience in PostgreSQL 8 hour shift Software development: 3 years (required) 
ScrapedJobID602:
Work with an agile team to develop, test, and maintain supporting software Design solutions to improve the effectiveness of the SOC Team Maintain and improve the performance of existing software Participate in the Continuous Integration Continuous Delivery (CICD) cycle. Resolve operational problems in a timely fashion, handle escalated issues and follow up on outstanding items promptly Contribute to project meeting and report on issue status Deep knowledge of programming, SDLC, Design Patterns and Software Architecture Knowledge of the following web development stack and concepts: Golang, Neo4J, GraphQL, Python, Openshift, NodeJs, performance testing. Expertise in microservices, containerized development, ability to create, troubleshoot code, infrastructure and orchestration of such an environment Good expertise of CI/CD pipelines using GitLab Runners and/or Jenkins Good expertise with Test Driven Development Good expertise with Linux and its administration Good experience designing in RESTful architectural style Knowledge in IT Security (SSDLC) Critical thinker – demonstrated ability to tackle complex problems effectively Avid learner – continuous learner of all things technical and process Team player – ability to work with a wide range of geographically distributed teammates Great communicator – ability to communicate effectively at all levels of the organization Focus driven – ability to manage stress and pressure in a collaborative environment Transformational agent – agile and ability to mobilize resources and execute on critical initiatives needed to transform our business 
ScrapedJobID603:
You will work as part of an overall team, often composed of client and Deloitte resources, to deliver software that drives meaningful value and change for our clients. You will focus on building out digital experiences primarily for the browser, using industry standard technologies and tools, and in conjunction with peers across disciplines such as creative, UI / UX, back-end service development and agile delivery. You may lead teams, and have line reporting responsibilities, or have strong individual contributor expectations. On top of regular delivery work, you provide our clients with advice on digital change, identifying technical debt and recommending improvements to architecture Mentor junior members of the team and participate in code reviews to help them grow inside the team. Meaningfully contribute to agile ceremonies including grooming, planning, scrums, retrospectives. Over time, build out insights and knowledge of the industries that we work in. Bachelor or higher degree combined with around five years of post-graduate experience, preferably including client-facing consulting role(s); 3-5 years' experience producing web / mobile / enterprise solutions in a professional development environment; Experience leading a team, working with others to solve problems, sharing knowledge and can help grow and mentor junior developers; A passion for digital transformation and technology; Ideally you have worked on project in which you integrated this front-end savviness with front-office systems (e.g. Salesforce, Adobe Experience, SAP Hybris); Experience in agile development environments, including ceremonies such as backlog refinement and spring planning; You have the ability to work independently as well as in a highly collaborative team-setting; You balance logical problem solving with innovative thinking; You like building positive client and peer relationships by developing an understanding of customer's business and project scope and can translate business requirements into technical requirements; You can contribute positively to team culture, with a focus on inclusion and diversity; Identifying potential opportunities for additional revenue generation; Developing analytical and insightful recommendations to meet deliverable targets and complete project tasks within budget and to customer satisfaction; Identifying and communicating conflicts or issues to Project Manager or Team leader; Assisting in the development of client proposals; Strong written and verbal communication and presentation skills (English and/or French) You write ES6 JavaScript, HTML 5 and CSS 3 code. You can tell us all about the strengths and weaknesses of React, Vue, Angular, Bootstrap, Knockout, Pug and Handlebars. In short, front-end is your expertise. You have experience translating designs and wireframes into high quality, responsive websites with performance and accessibility in mind You love optimizing components for maximum performance across a vast array of web-capable devices and browsers (browser testing and accessibility testing) You have worked with Webpack, Parcel, Gulp, Browserify and the Command Line Interface (CLI) is your best friend; You know and understand git and have lots of experience with Bitbucket, Github and how they integrate with tools such as Jira. Knowledge of comparable source control tools (e.g SVN) are also valuable. You can build reusable and maintainable components (Angular, React) and front-end UI libraries for rapid development. You are familiar with RESTful APIs and have knowledge of modern authorization mechanisms, such as JSON Web Token You have used a TDD approach for unit tests and know what the best tools are for the task; You have an interest in technology beyond the web, such as back-end development (e.g. Rails, Python, Java, NodeJS), design (e.g. UX expertise, Photoshop, Sketch), cloud technologies (Amazon AWS, Firebase, Azure), microservices, iOS development, etc Lead the way: Deloitte is not only leading the profession, but reinventing it for the future. We’re also committed to creating opportunity and leading the way to a more sustainable world. Serve with integrity: Deloitte has earned the trust of employees, clients, regulators, and the public for 175 years. Upholding that trust is our single most important responsibility. Take care of each other: We look out for one another and prioritize respect, fairness, development, and well-being. Foster inclusion: We are at our best when we foster an inclusive culture and embrace diversity in all forms. We know this attracts top talent, enables innovation, and helps us deliver well-rounded client solutions. Collaborate for measurable impact: We approach our work with a collaborative mind¬set, teaming across businesses, geographies, and skill sets to deliver tangible, measurable, attributable impact. 
ScrapedJobID604:
Minimum 3+ years of web developer experience 2+ years of experience in programming in JavaScript, PHP, Python, HTML5, CSS3 1+ year of experience in graphic design 1+ year of experience in writing unit tests for web applications Good eye for design Good UI design skills Web site portfolio Some experience with BrowserStack Work wherever you choose! Very flexible work hours Unlimited PTO Sick leaves Non-working holidays depending on which country you’re in 13th month bonus Salary and salary increases Financial support on online courses Fun and casual work environment Employee engagement activities and virtual gatherings We are a very diverse bunch! Bonus pay Flexible schedule Paid time off Referral program 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID605:
Developing technology solutions that fully align with business needs and completion deadlines Developing front-end and back-end code for FindHomeCare.ca while integrating with 3rd party services Contributing to the design and architecture of FindHomeCare.ca and related systems and processes Serving as the lead for some features of the FindHomeCare.ca’s eco-system Improving our code quality, test coverage, and automation processes Providing technical expertise and experience when reviewing wireframes, features and pull requests Proactively improving the security, accessibility, and performance of the platform Participating in troubleshooting and profiling of systems Providing expertise when gathering user feedback Providing regular feedback during solution development to ensure end goals are met effectively Researching and suggesting new technologies, workflows, and methods Knowledge of software engineering best practices and a passion for clean, maintainable code. Ability to provide innovative, cost-effective solutions to complex business problems, from a 'user-first' perspective Demonstrated experience handling multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment Demonstrated experience providing high-quality, respectful support to peers, communities, and stakeholders Outstanding organizational skills and attention to detail - things don't get lost, missed or forgotten when you are around! Strong written and verbal communication skills, as well as listening skills Demonstrated tact and judgment in interpersonal relationships You can work independently in a self-directed environment Ability to understand users' requirements and translate them into actions You are also: Inquisitive, a problem solver, patient, understanding and respectful, highly motivated, analytical Casual dress Company events Employee assistance program Employee stock purchase plan Flexible schedule Stock options Work from home 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Saskatoon, SK: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) Secondary School (required) Full Stack Developer: 2 years (required) Fluent English (required) No 
ScrapedJobID606:
Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Effective interpersonal skills Team player Organized 
ScrapedJobID607:
Build out Beautiful, Intuitive User Interfaces for DMGs operations applications, as well as for our customers applications. Keep our users happy by maintaining the software, troubleshooting and fixing bugs. Deliver on rapid implementation schedules to build web functionality that is functional, fast, and scalable. Enthusiasm to work in Blockchain UI Development Experience Javascript Development Experience Proven ability to design software Excellent problem-solving skills Detail-orientation throughout the development lifecycle Ability to work with little supervision Passion for delivering high-quality software with quick turnaround times Experience with React, or React Native Experience using Crypto-Currencies; e.g. Ethereum, Bitcoin, etc Understanding of how Blockchains work Work from home opportunities 
ScrapedJobID608:
Manage the marketing materials to meet high quality standards. Establish website strategies to support Veem goals. Set and implement strategies to grow qualified, profitable external traffic to our products and services, maximize sales and revenue, and meet other business objectives through various marketing strategies. Build landing pages. Recommend the suite of tools, technologies, automation and processes necessary for scaling our website efforts. Execute digital marketing strategies to support company sales lead generation, marketing and branding initiatives to include but not limited to the development and implementation of the following: SEO/SEM, Content Marketing, Marketing database campaigns, Web/online survey campaigns, Multiple call-to-action landing pages, Social media engagement. Implement high-end marketing pages with rich UI. You will bring a fundamental understanding of WordPress to your work and build high profile marketing pages. You will collaborate with our team to ensure that the goals are being met and that the delivery is of the highest standard. Convert designs into pixel-perfect responsive web pages. Work closely with our designers on implementing designs into code. Measure and optimize overall web page performances. Hands-on troubleshooting, debugging and fixing of issues during development and post-release. 3+ years as a WordPress Developer in a professional setting. Experience using Wordpress Engine as a managed hosting platform. Experience with HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, PHP, and MySQL. Ability to develop cutting edge WordPress themes & plugins that are efficient and seamless across environments. Experience working in other web development languages. Excellent troubleshooting and debugging skills Full-stack developer experience (we have other development projects that could be a fit). Startup experience (preferably in a company that grew substantially within the time worked) Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefits Package (Health, Dental, Medical, Vision) Group RRSP Plan (after 3 months) 3 weeks vacation Friday afternoon unwind 
ScrapedJobID609:
Produce new features in the context of the decommissioning of a vendor tool. It's not just about writing code, but also making design/architecture decisions, testing, tracking quality metrics, and producing documentation. Demonstrate functionality to stakeholders and the product owner (Product Owner) to gain a strong understanding of the field and get feedback on the work provided Participate in "Scrum" related activities, such as daily stand-up meetings, backlog grooming, retrospective Sprint, and demos. Deliver solutions according to our standards and provide operational support if necessary. SQL - SQL Server – PL-SQL Java, REST API Angular Ability to work with complex information systems Written and oral autonomy in English Sense of organization, methodical, analytical Communication skills plus: Knowledge of the market finance universe (equity markets, interest rates, derivatives, etc.) Education and level of experience: University degree: Computer Science Plus: Experience in corporate and investment banking or finance an asset English: mandatory Plus: French Seniority Level Industry Information Technology and Services Employment Type Job Functions Commuter benefits Company events Dental care Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Montréal, QC: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) Bachelor's Degree (required) Java: 3 years (required) JavaScript: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID610:
Develop and maintain our core product set with a focus on usability, security, and scalability. Work closely with Product Management to deliver high-quality products to our customers. Develop advanced prototypes for new innovations. 3+ years of professional software development experience. BS in Computer Science, a similar field, or equivalent experience Very strong written and verbal communication skills Experience with Agile Software Development methodologies Experience with SCRUM Experience in Object-Oriented design and programming. Experience designing and developing REST API Endpoints. Experience working with a Relational Database Management System, including database design and advanced SQL Queries. Experience with front-end development using a modern JavaScript framework such as React, Angular, or Vue. The best candidates for this position will need to have strong chemistry and a culture fit within RainFocus. They will need to be comfortable working in a fast-paced, challenging, and dynamic environment. Additional personal qualities include: Team-player Self-motivated Strong Communicator A good steward of company resources. Takes ownership of assigned tasks, and sees them through to completion. Able to architect secure and scalable software solutions from written requirements. Working as part of a team, gets sprint committed user stories across the finish line. Displays a passion for improving existing code. 
ScrapedJobID611:
WordPress and WooCommerce - Maintenance and development WordPress website development with and without WooCommerce Creation of custom themes and use of commercial themes. CSS desktop and mobile integration from mockups. Develop hooks, filters and custom codes. WP, JQuery and Javascript Maintenance of our clients' sites Performance optimization, cache management - Analysis of logs, resources and site optimization at both front end and back end. Management of updates, debug etc. Manage support tickets for plugins Integration and adjustment of CSS etc Content integration No knowledge of "Drupal programming" required. Although this is an asset! : ) Write light and well commented code, modular and based on W3C. Perform MySQL queries. Integrate and update content on sites already produced. Perform quality controls and acceptance testing. Ensure the proper functioning of his work as well as the compatibility on the supported platforms Graphic integration and codes for mailing - HTML / CSS Participate in Zoning / Wireframes according to the criteria of the project. Communication management and internal documentation 2+ years of experience in web programming and WordPress and WooCommerce integration 5+ projects made with WordPress (with and without theme) Several integrated responsive design sites must have been developed independently Excellent understanding of WordPress AND WooCommerce Excellent knowledge of HTML5 / CSS3 / jQuery / Javascript integration Very comfortable with the Chrome console / Developer tools. Good knowledge of responsive mode, breakpoints and Media queries Basic knowledge of Photoshop & Illustrator A good French and a good English. Good knowledge of GIT, SSH. Experience with Google APIs (GTM, Analytics, Commerce) Ajax & JSON Basic SEO knowledge Knowledge of Mailchimp integrations Basic understanding of Drupal / Knowledge of Twig an asset - But not essential. Good creative sense Autonomy, Rigor and attention to detail Team spirit and dynamism Good ability to assess time and see potential issues in advance Team spirit and good written and oral communication Able to work on multiple projects at the same time and organize his time. Ability to work with tight deadlines Sense of organization and desire to participate in the improvement of internal processes A cool and stimulating environment. Projects full of challenges! : ) A dynamic multidisciplinary team A permanent job And a competitive salary! Salary: To be discussed. According to experience and assets Number of hours per week: 35h per week / flex Status: Permanent job Expected start date: immediately IMPORTANT COVID NOTE: Currently the whole team is telecommuting. We collaborate on Zoom, DropBox, Google Drive and several other internal tools. Trust is in order and it is everyone's responsibility to do their job properly and on time. One day soon, we'll be heading back to the office to hug! Welllll, if you want some! : ) Processus de recrutement à distance Équipement de protection individuel fourni ou requis Consignes de distanciation sociale Entretiens virtuels Du Lundi au Vendredi Do you live in the Montreal area? If not, are you willing to relocate to Montreal in order to work at our office? What are your availabilities for a zoom meeting in the upcoming weeks? Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID612:
Designing and building high quality Java applications that are highly scalable and extensible; Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of the applications; Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to these problems; Deliver a high level of commitment to client success and provide timely and quality services that meet or exceed expectations; Work with business partners to provide guidance and support in the deployment of complex application solutions. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science and/or Business OR Diploma in IT and/or Business with equivalent IT experience; 5+ years experience in Java programming language; Expert knowledge of design patterns and best practices; Knowledge building enterprise class web applications; Good knowledge of REST and RESTful web services in Java (e.g., JAX-RS, Spring MVC Rest); Experience with Java EE, Spring, Spring-boot, Hibernate, ReactJS, Angular, Vue.js, Node.js, JavaScript, TypeScript, HTML, CSS; Experience of Oracle, MySQL, MSSQL or PostGres Databases; Experience in developing Enterprise applications: Billing, CRM, or Financial, Business Intelligence greatly preferred Excellent understanding of developer life cycle and enterprise developer tools; Strong debugging and problem solving skills; Proven track record developing performant, scalable solutions across a full application stack; Deep experience in AGILE development, SCRUM and Application Lifecycle Management (ALM)). 
ScrapedJobID613:
4- 7 years of experience as a Software Engineer Professional software development experience in ReactJS, Node.js, Express.js. Solid experience in asynchronous web programming with experience in React, Angular JS, jQuery, JavaScript, TypeScript, CSS, Html. Experience working with RESTful APIs, JSON, etc. Proficiency with Unit/Functional test automation Experience with Git, Jenkins, build and deployment systems Good working experience in OpenStack/AWS & cloud application development and deployment Working knowledge of cloud technologies, DevOps Strong debugging skills Strong collaboration skills You have good written and oral communication skills, are a go-getter. We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate based upon race, religion, colour, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. 
ScrapedJobID614:
You think about how to scale, automate and operate, not just how to build a solution to an immediate problem You understand lean thinking You set high standards for code quality, performance/scalability and security and seek continuous improvement You have led a team of junior developers and coached them You have solid analytical, problem solving and decision-making skills You have customer first mindset and a devotion to customer service You engage and build positive internal and external client relationships, while managing multiple initiatives, often with competing priorities You have strong self-initiative, passion, interpersonal, oral and written communication and collaboration skills with the ability to work, influence and make an impact in a cross-functional environment with all levels of the organization You are responsive and thrive in a fast-paced diverse high-performance environment with rapidly changing business needs You actively seek out things outside your comfort zone with the ability to rapidly learn and take advantage of new concepts, business models, and technologies You have prior experience in consulting Bachelor's Degree in computer science or equivalent 6+ years of relevant experience in software engineering, web and/or mobile development experience, 2+ years preferably as a technical lead Strong understanding of vanilla javascript, ES6 as well as Typescript Experience with one of React, Angular or Vue.js. (Vue.js preferred) Experience working with HTML5 and CSS3, responsive design, flexbox, SCSS, SASS or LESS Proficiency building web components (for e.g. custom elements, shadow dom) Experience with stencil.js, storybook preferable Experience with third party UI libraries (e.g. PrimeVue, Bootstrap, Material UI) Experience with making sites accessible Experience with tagging for Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics Experience with unit testing Experience consuming RESTful APIs Strong understanding of DevOps principles, processes and tools (eg. Git, Bitbucket, Jenkins, Travis CI) Understanding of Cloud Computing and Serverless Architecture, preferably AWS. Understanding of agile principles and methodologies Experience working with AWS SAM, AWS Lambda Experience working with PHP & last three versions of Laravel Experience writing Python scripts and pytest Understanding of Node.js, Express Experience with RDBMS and NoSQL databases. (for e.g. MySQL, MongoDB, Couchbase, DynamoDB, PostgreSQL) Experience with TDD 
ScrapedJobID615:
Teach a variety of Web Development technologies, skills, and best practices across our Accelerated Web Development Course, JavaScript Course, and Web Development Bootcamp through lessons, code-alongs, and interactive exercises Work 1 on 1 with students to provide in-class and project support Help resolve issues and coach through code debugging and technical problem-solving Collaborate with other instructors to solve student experience and lesson delivery issues Contribute to the maintenance and improvement of our courses’ curriculum through Juno’s established curriculum change process), according to the Curriculum Roadmap Contribute to the creation of an inclusive and positive learning environment by regularly reviewing best practices, attending staff meetings and workshops, and bringing genuine care and personality to interactions within the Juno community Participate in supporting student and community events Have a strong understanding of modern HTML, CSS, and JavaScript features and usage Be comfortable programming with React or another, similar, front-end framework Be comfortable using a text editor such as VS Code or SublimeText, Be comfortable using Git and GitHub Have excellent verbal communication skills Be collaborative, energetic, and empathetic Be a skilled technical problem solver Hold a degree, diploma, or certificate from an Ontario college, university, private career college, or equivalent AND have at least 24 months occupational web development experience, OR Have at least 36 months of teaching experience, and 24 months occupational web development experience, OR Have at least 48 months of occupational web development experience Position type: full-time, permanent Salary band: $60 000-$75 000 Clear growth paths 3 weeks paid vacation, annually 7 paid personal emergency days a year End of year closure from December 24th to the New Year Comprehensive benefits package, including Health and Travel benefits, a Health Spending Account, access to an Employee & Family Assistance Program, coverage with the Personalized Prescription Plan, and more Pregnancy & parental leave policy (plus we top up all employees to 75% for three months) Personal & professional development budget, internal tools, community events, and access to Juno’s courses for free & more Qualified candidates will receive an invitation to book a short phone chat with the hiring manager - usually 15 to 30 minutes - to discuss qualifications, your interest in the role and joining the Juno team, and to answer any questions you may have about the position. Candidates who move on to the next step will be invited to a 1 hour interview comprised of 2 parts: a) A practical, role-related assignment (e.g. instructor candidates will be provided 3 lessons, choose one, and will teach a 30 minute section of the chosen lesson to the hiring manager and 2-3 other team members), and b) A 30 minute behavioural interview with the hiring manager(s) to assess your competencies and discuss your experience in relation to the role All candidates who move on to step two will either receive an invite to the final interview - a short chat with Juno’s CEO, Heather Payne to discuss your background and interest in joining the Juno team, or a confirmation they will not be moving on in the process 
ScrapedJobID616:
Develop and maintain our core product set with a focus on usability, security, and scalability. Work closely with Product Management to deliver high-quality products to our customers. Develop advanced prototypes for new innovations. 3+ years of professional software development experience. BS in Computer Science, a similar field, or equivalent experience Very strong written and verbal communication skills Experience with Agile Software Development methodologies Experience with SCRUM Experience in Object-Oriented design and programming. Experience designing and developing REST API Endpoints. Experience working with a Relational Database Management System, including database design and advanced SQL Queries. Experience with front-end development using a modern JavaScript framework such as React, Angular, or Vue. The best candidates for this position will need to have strong chemistry and a culture fit within RainFocus. They will need to be comfortable working in a fast-paced, challenging, and dynamic environment. Additional personal qualities include: Team-player Self-motivated Strong Communicator A good steward of company resources. Takes ownership of assigned tasks, and sees them through to completion. Able to architect secure and scalable software solutions from written requirements. Working as part of a team, gets sprint committed user stories across the finish line. Displays a passion for improving existing code. 
ScrapedJobID617:
WordPress and WooCommerce - Maintenance and development WordPress website development with and without WooCommerce Creation of custom themes and use of commercial themes. CSS desktop and mobile integration from mockups. Develop hooks, filters and custom codes. WP, JQuery and Javascript Maintenance of our clients' sites Performance optimization, cache management - Analysis of logs, resources and site optimization at both front end and back end. Management of updates, debug etc. Manage support tickets for plugins Integration and adjustment of CSS etc Content integration No knowledge of "Drupal programming" required. Although this is an asset! : ) Write light and well commented code, modular and based on W3C. Perform MySQL queries. Integrate and update content on sites already produced. Perform quality controls and acceptance testing. Ensure the proper functioning of his work as well as the compatibility on the supported platforms Graphic integration and codes for mailing - HTML / CSS Participate in Zoning / Wireframes according to the criteria of the project. Communication management and internal documentation 2+ years of experience in web programming and WordPress and WooCommerce integration 5+ projects made with WordPress (with and without theme) Several integrated responsive design sites must have been developed independently Excellent understanding of WordPress AND WooCommerce Excellent knowledge of HTML5 / CSS3 / jQuery / Javascript integration Very comfortable with the Chrome console / Developer tools. Good knowledge of responsive mode, breakpoints and Media queries Basic knowledge of Photoshop & Illustrator A good French and a good English. Good knowledge of GIT, SSH. Experience with Google APIs (GTM, Analytics, Commerce) Ajax & JSON Basic SEO knowledge Knowledge of Mailchimp integrations Basic understanding of Drupal / Knowledge of Twig an asset - But not essential. Good creative sense Autonomy, Rigor and attention to detail Team spirit and dynamism Good ability to assess time and see potential issues in advance Team spirit and good written and oral communication Able to work on multiple projects at the same time and organize his time. Ability to work with tight deadlines Sense of organization and desire to participate in the improvement of internal processes A cool and stimulating environment. Projects full of challenges! : ) A dynamic multidisciplinary team A permanent job And a competitive salary! Salary: To be discussed. According to experience and assets Number of hours per week: 35h per week / flex Status: Permanent job Expected start date: immediately IMPORTANT COVID NOTE: Currently the whole team is telecommuting. We collaborate on Zoom, DropBox, Google Drive and several other internal tools. Trust is in order and it is everyone's responsibility to do their job properly and on time. One day soon, we'll be heading back to the office to hug! Welllll, if you want some! : ) Processus de recrutement à distance Équipement de protection individuel fourni ou requis Consignes de distanciation sociale Entretiens virtuels Du Lundi au Vendredi Do you live in the Montreal area? If not, are you willing to relocate to Montreal in order to work at our office? What are your availabilities for a zoom meeting in the upcoming weeks? Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID618:
Designing and building high quality Java applications that are highly scalable and extensible; Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of the applications; Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to these problems; Deliver a high level of commitment to client success and provide timely and quality services that meet or exceed expectations; Work with business partners to provide guidance and support in the deployment of complex application solutions. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science and/or Business OR Diploma in IT and/or Business with equivalent IT experience; 5+ years experience in Java programming language; Expert knowledge of design patterns and best practices; Knowledge building enterprise class web applications; Good knowledge of REST and RESTful web services in Java (e.g., JAX-RS, Spring MVC Rest); Experience with Java EE, Spring, Spring-boot, Hibernate, ReactJS, Angular, Vue.js, Node.js, JavaScript, TypeScript, HTML, CSS; Experience of Oracle, MySQL, MSSQL or PostGres Databases; Experience in developing Enterprise applications: Billing, CRM, or Financial, Business Intelligence greatly preferred Excellent understanding of developer life cycle and enterprise developer tools; Strong debugging and problem solving skills; Proven track record developing performant, scalable solutions across a full application stack; Deep experience in AGILE development, SCRUM and Application Lifecycle Management (ALM)). 
ScrapedJobID619:
4- 7 years of experience as a Software Engineer Professional software development experience in ReactJS, Node.js, Express.js. Solid experience in asynchronous web programming with experience in React, Angular JS, jQuery, JavaScript, TypeScript, CSS, Html. Experience working with RESTful APIs, JSON, etc. Proficiency with Unit/Functional test automation Experience with Git, Jenkins, build and deployment systems Good working experience in OpenStack/AWS & cloud application development and deployment Working knowledge of cloud technologies, DevOps Strong debugging skills Strong collaboration skills You have good written and oral communication skills, are a go-getter. We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate based upon race, religion, colour, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. 
ScrapedJobID620:
You think about how to scale, automate and operate, not just how to build a solution to an immediate problem You understand lean thinking You set high standards for code quality, performance/scalability and security and seek continuous improvement You have led a team of junior developers and coached them You have solid analytical, problem solving and decision-making skills You have customer first mindset and a devotion to customer service You engage and build positive internal and external client relationships, while managing multiple initiatives, often with competing priorities You have strong self-initiative, passion, interpersonal, oral and written communication and collaboration skills with the ability to work, influence and make an impact in a cross-functional environment with all levels of the organization You are responsive and thrive in a fast-paced diverse high-performance environment with rapidly changing business needs You actively seek out things outside your comfort zone with the ability to rapidly learn and take advantage of new concepts, business models, and technologies You have prior experience in consulting Bachelor's Degree in computer science or equivalent 6+ years of relevant experience in software engineering, web and/or mobile development experience, 2+ years preferably as a technical lead Strong understanding of vanilla javascript, ES6 as well as Typescript Experience with one of React, Angular or Vue.js. (Vue.js preferred) Experience working with HTML5 and CSS3, responsive design, flexbox, SCSS, SASS or LESS Proficiency building web components (for e.g. custom elements, shadow dom) Experience with stencil.js, storybook preferable Experience with third party UI libraries (e.g. PrimeVue, Bootstrap, Material UI) Experience with making sites accessible Experience with tagging for Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics Experience with unit testing Experience consuming RESTful APIs Strong understanding of DevOps principles, processes and tools (eg. Git, Bitbucket, Jenkins, Travis CI) Understanding of Cloud Computing and Serverless Architecture, preferably AWS. Understanding of agile principles and methodologies Experience working with AWS SAM, AWS Lambda Experience working with PHP & last three versions of Laravel Experience writing Python scripts and pytest Understanding of Node.js, Express Experience with RDBMS and NoSQL databases. (for e.g. MySQL, MongoDB, Couchbase, DynamoDB, PostgreSQL) Experience with TDD 
ScrapedJobID621:
Teach a variety of Web Development technologies, skills, and best practices across our Accelerated Web Development Course, JavaScript Course, and Web Development Bootcamp through lessons, code-alongs, and interactive exercises Work 1 on 1 with students to provide in-class and project support Help resolve issues and coach through code debugging and technical problem-solving Collaborate with other instructors to solve student experience and lesson delivery issues Contribute to the maintenance and improvement of our courses’ curriculum through Juno’s established curriculum change process), according to the Curriculum Roadmap Contribute to the creation of an inclusive and positive learning environment by regularly reviewing best practices, attending staff meetings and workshops, and bringing genuine care and personality to interactions within the Juno community Participate in supporting student and community events Have a strong understanding of modern HTML, CSS, and JavaScript features and usage Be comfortable programming with React or another, similar, front-end framework Be comfortable using a text editor such as VS Code or SublimeText, Be comfortable using Git and GitHub Have excellent verbal communication skills Be collaborative, energetic, and empathetic Be a skilled technical problem solver Hold a degree, diploma, or certificate from an Ontario college, university, private career college, or equivalent AND have at least 24 months occupational web development experience, OR Have at least 36 months of teaching experience, and 24 months occupational web development experience, OR Have at least 48 months of occupational web development experience Position type: full-time, permanent Salary band: $60 000-$75 000 Clear growth paths 3 weeks paid vacation, annually 7 paid personal emergency days a year End of year closure from December 24th to the New Year Comprehensive benefits package, including Health and Travel benefits, a Health Spending Account, access to an Employee & Family Assistance Program, coverage with the Personalized Prescription Plan, and more Pregnancy & parental leave policy (plus we top up all employees to 75% for three months) Personal & professional development budget, internal tools, community events, and access to Juno’s courses for free & more Qualified candidates will receive an invitation to book a short phone chat with the hiring manager - usually 15 to 30 minutes - to discuss qualifications, your interest in the role and joining the Juno team, and to answer any questions you may have about the position. Candidates who move on to the next step will be invited to a 1 hour interview comprised of 2 parts: a) A practical, role-related assignment (e.g. instructor candidates will be provided 3 lessons, choose one, and will teach a 30 minute section of the chosen lesson to the hiring manager and 2-3 other team members), and b) A 30 minute behavioural interview with the hiring manager(s) to assess your competencies and discuss your experience in relation to the role All candidates who move on to step two will either receive an invite to the final interview - a short chat with Juno’s CEO, Heather Payne to discuss your background and interest in joining the Juno team, or a confirmation they will not be moving on in the process 
ScrapedJobID622:
Working within a scrum team and contributing in all secure cloud-based mobile and web development activities across the entire product lifecycle including prototyping, design, development, QA, production, performance analysis, and optimization Architect and introduce new/complex/custom integrations, including solutioning, implementation approach, maintenance approach and documentation Architect, evaluate and recommend new integration technologies, focusing on scaling and growth Collaborating with product development team and executive staff to in an agile environment to set specifications for new mobile and web applications Design creative prototypes according to specifications; writing high-quality code to program complete mobile and web applications on schedule, frequently and consistently Perform pre-launch unit and integration testing, functional, and non-functional testing Troubleshooting and debug applications, solving complex technical issues Evaluating existing applications and performing updates and modifications Developing technical handbooks to accurately represent the design and code of new applications. BSc/BA in Computer Science or similar technical field of study; MSc/MA will be appreciated 4+ years within designing and building mobile application, web application, and .net development Experience in Git; expertise in Python, C++, C#, ASP.net, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, RESTful API’s, and Java (J2EE) Strong knowledge of Cloud-native, Video-First software architecture; good knowledge of system integration technologies: SOA, Web Service, Spring boot and ESB, etc. In-depth knowledge of programming for diverse operating systems and platforms, software design, and programming principles Strong experience with modern JavaScript frameworks (Angular, React, backbone, etc.) Experience working with Microsoft technologies such as SharePoint framework, Add-ins, Graph API, Teams, and Azure. Experience working in engineering teams in an agile and dynamic environment Extensive experience working with developer tools like emulators, debuggers, profilers etc Experience building, stacking, and consuming RESTful & TCP APIs Strong technical qualities with a passion for delivering leading-edge designs and contributing to a culture of technical excellence and innovative solution design Experience in peer-to-peer financial technology platforms is a plus Strong communication and interpersonal skills suited to a global organization Analytical thinking, mathematical, and problem-solving capability Great attention to detail and time-management skills Strong collaborative approach to problem-solving Certified application developer is a plus 
ScrapedJobID623:
Extensive experience with JavaScript Exposure to modern ECMAScript features will be needed (e.g. Promises, async/await, classes, etc.) Experience with TypeScript Extensive experience building SPA web applications (JavaScript, DOM, CSS, etc. ) Extensive Exposure to one or more web dev frameworks (React, Vue, Angular, Ember) Knowledge of various state-management frameworks/techniques/approaches Experience working with browser JS APIs (e.g. DOM, postmessage, localstorage, etc.) Experience working with iframes You have experience working with design patterns and building composable software Knowledge of the node ecosystem and JavaScript tooling (e.g. babel, webpack, rollup, etc.) A version control tool and process (e.g. git and git-flow) Continuous delivery of cloud-based software 5+ years of experience in architecting Help build our Agent UI; focusing on composability and quality architecture Help modernize some of the legacy UIs we have into modern frameworks and architecture Work with other development teams; assisting them with using any cross-team architecture and in-house frameworks we develop Work with product and UX teams to field requests and build generic solutions that benefit all our customers/stakeholders Help with continuous delivery, tooling, scripts, etc. Involved in all aspects of software development from design to deployment Working with a talented, passionate team of developers Working with a modern tech stack (Cloud-based microservices platform, State-of-the-art webapp pipeline) Great culture (Weekly tech talks, meetups, workplace events/celebrations, movie outings, etc.) Team committed to work-life balance Ability to work from home or remotely as needed Annual budget for technical conferences and career development Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance Telehealth coverage Flexible work schedules and work from home opportunities Development and career growth opportunities Open Time Off 401(k) matching program Adoption Assistance Infertility treatments 
ScrapedJobID624:
Develop. You will do full-stack work on our web applications contributing high-quality, clean, and easy-to-read code while adhering to best practices. New features and functionality might include Tier 1 support tooling to manage user information, event orchestration engine, and the ability to easily build configurable forms to meet client needs. You will independently work on refactoring and optimization. None of our tech debt is more than two years old. The code you contribute will be invaluable and directly impact our success. Be Agile. You will engage in agile software development while adhering to project deadlines. You will translate functionalities into development stories and self-manage completion. You will assist and guide the work of junior developers and co-op students. Prioritize quality. You will conduct code review, test automation, security auditing, and quality assurance tasks, effectively troubleshooting and fixing application issues. You will propose optimizations for enhancing the reliability and speed of our platform. Research and analyze. You will actively participate in architecture discussions, presenting well-thought-out ideas and evidence for choosing a particular tool, process, or method. The education. We know not everyone gains their skills and knowledge through traditional formats. You may have a college certificate or diploma, a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field, or an equivalent combination of education, training, and experience. The experience. You have 2+ years of hands-on experience working on web applications at the full-stack level. You may have exposure to scaling up products and processes. Whether you are used to the hustle of a startup or the processes of a bigger organization, you come with a passion for solving complex problems with innovative technology and the drive to make an impact. The technical toolbox. You are proficient in working with web development frameworks (e.g. Ruby on Rails, Express.js, Django, Laravel), JavaScript (e.g. Angular, Vue.js, React), and relational databases (e.g. PostgreSQL, MySQL) and always looking for opportunities to expand your knowledge. The collaborative approach. You can efficiently work across teams both in-person and remote. Your oral and written communication skills are outstanding. The initiative. You are a critical thinker who can creatively solve problems and you continuously pursue knowledge. You are inspired by a fast-paced environment and can rise to the challenge of competing priorities. The heroics. You have a professional superpower. It could be the ability to focus on the user experience above all else like our Director of Product, Mahmoud, or our CFO Anna's vision building strength, or our CEO Michael's ability to navigate chaos and find a path to success, all while having fun doing so. The bonus tools. You may have exposure to or the self-motivation to learn Python, open source tools including Docker for containerization; frameworks such as Flask, React Native; and database technologies such as MongoDB, Redis, and Elasticsearch. 
ScrapedJobID625:
work closely with our Marketing Manager to understand the business requirements. develop new functionality within our lead management tool. fix bugs or workflow issues within the system. provide support to another developer in our organization to implement this tool with our Salesforce CRM. highly proficient with HTML/CSS, Javascript, PHP, Laravel, React (Hooks), Git, MySQL. If you do not have expertise in all of the above, please do not apply. familiar with best practices related to development and security of web-based applications. experience with Docker is a bonus, but not required. exceptional communication skills, both verbally and written 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID626:
6+ years of web and/or mobile user interface development experience, developing across multiple platforms and has delivered projects as part of a team Experience working with a modern JS frameworks (eg. Angular, React or Vue.js) Experience working with ES6 and modular JavaScript programming Expert knowledge in HTML5 and CSS3, responsive design, flexbox, SCSS or LESS Experience in customer facing roles Data dashboards, Veeva/Salesforce certifications, experience with PWA, Service Workers, Webpack, and performance optimization Experience managing and mentoring other developers an asset A global full-service digital consultancy firm. Their global team is dedicated to delivering seamlessly integrated strategies, immersive user experiences, cross-platform development, deployment, training, and ongoing support. They have a results-focused approach which allows them to understand the client needs, shape digital strategies, and forge a path to deliver business success. Solve complex user experience functional and technical challenges Combine design theory, and take into consideration content, navigational structure and usability issues to create a powerful and integrated experience Implement and promote adherence of group technology standards and practices to ensure the highest degree of software quality Adhering to client technology standards and practices Create and present demos, proof of concepts or work in progress based on unique customer scenarios in client facing meetings 
ScrapedJobID627:
You will be working on both front-end and back-end systems with an emphasis on front-end systems We emphasize user-centric features and long-term business goals through team involvement. You will be contributing to our product through Lean UX style product design You will participate in the technical design and implement product design iterations and experiments You will be a technical contributor in a team with a variety of professionals with expertise in complementary areas. You will bring interest and growing experience with UX technology Your team delivers: Early, small scope experiments Complex and detail-oriented projects Incremental fixes to in-market products Full implementation responsibilities include design participation, code development, automated test development, deployment, and code maintenance Team members that want to grow and contribute to our culture at Properly Passion for Technology Proficiency with a modern version of JavaScript/CSS/HTML (es6, css4, html5) Proficiency with one or more modern UX frameworks (React, Angular, etc.) Knowledgeable in working with databases (SQL and/or NoSQL) Effective participation in problem solving sessions with others: generating ideas, picking and building solutions, monitoring results, and fixing bugs Proficiency designing small to medium systems including providing analysis of multiple options and collecting feedback Nice to have - experience with Python 3 or similar language (Ruby, Node JavaScript, etc.) Competitive cash and equity compensation Unlimited vacation days and a flexible work day; we care about outcomes over schedule Lots of team events and social activities Top of market maternal and paternal leave Excellent healthcare benefits Personal development budget; we support our team members' growth Employee discount on Properly's services 
ScrapedJobID628:
Responsible for building, editing and developing WebPages for the company’s websites. Identify technical problems and procedures. Plan, design, write, modify, integrate & test web coding. Determine hardware and software requirements. Conduct test and perform security and quality controls. Concept and create wireframes, graphical elements, and other information for various web based projects. Create and optimize content for the Web site using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software. Integrate graphics, audio and video into the website. Perform other related duties as required. A bachelor’s degree OR completion of a college program in computer science, graphic arts, web design or business is required. Minimum of 1-year of working experience in the related field is required. Fluent in English and Excellent communication skills. Ability to work long hours and weekends as required. 
ScrapedJobID629:
Build frontend components and features Collaborating with and provide technical feedback to junior developers and peers Contribute to task creation, task breakdown, and distribution Improve our infrastructure and continuously improve our Frontend Team Participating in new team member technical on-boarding Three (3) years of experience working on commercial / agency medium-size frontend projects or equivalent Two (2) years of experience working on Vue.js, or equivalent, framework projects Excellent understanding of web page performance, debugging, and best practices Strong knowledge of core Javascript/HTML/CSS Strong understanding of cross-browser compatibility development and testing concepts Experience with Vuex and reactive state management concepts Experience with module bundler systems and related web tooling concepts Experience working with REST APIs Experience leading small to midsize multi product teams with demonstrated ability to mentor, grow team members as well as provide technical guidance and oversight on implementation direction Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Solid experience with Javascript unit and feature testing concepts and frameworks PWA and Single Page Application project experience Chrome/Firefox extension development experience Experience with Linux command line, and git Experience working in start-up environments Knowledge of BEM methodology in medium to large scale codebases GitHub profile with sample projects you would like to showcase Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID630:

ScrapedJobID631:
Apache Tomcat or other JEE Application Server MYSQL, Postgres, MSSQL, NoSQL AngularJS, ReactJS, Ionic HTML/CSS with Bootstrap a plus Java, PHP, NodeJS Maven, NPM Eclipse and/or IntelliJ Eclipse Plugin development Object Oriented Programing and Delivery Lotus Domino 
ScrapedJobID632:
Create, modify and design static HTML Code accessible HTML5 and CSS3 sites according to web standards Advanced CSS Experienced with building and automation tools Code optimization Experienced with JavaScript/jQuery Knowledge of SEO best practices Understanding of MySQL Databases, cPanel and PhpMyAdmin Figma or sketch experience Zeplin is a strong asset Strong Wordpress skills required Strong project management and organizational skills Creative, enthusiastic, flexible and collaborative person Experience building public-facing websites that work across different browsers Attention to detail Experience implementing web accessibility standards such as W3C, 508, AODA & GDPR Must have live working portfolio examples of websites that pass W3C Compliance 100% using https://validator.w3.org/ Cutting edge environment Stable and growing company Benefits and vacation Daytime hours Monday to Friday On the TTC line Excellent Benefits 
ScrapedJobID633:
Enjoy working in an environment getting high value features in customers' hands quickly Love working with the latest technologies, stacks and engineering concepts Love contributing in all the multiple phases of the product, from requirements, user experience consideration, architecture, implementation to delivery. Work collaboratively with product management and other stakeholders (Backend, UX, etc.) to iterate on new features, contributing to the definition of UX / UI and implementation. Develop and test features and improvements to the boostsecurity.io product in a secure, well-tested, and performant way Craft code that meets our internal standards for style, maintainability, and best practices for a high-scale web environment. Maintain and advocate for these standards through code review. Work with minimum supervision on building and testing changes, and bringing features and changes to customers, in production. Improve the overall product experience through evolving the frontend and improving the quality of frontend features. Participate in the Agile - Scrum team process Provide mentorship for junior developers on your team to help them grow in their technical responsibilities and remove blockers to their autonomy. Participate in the frontend sustaining and resolving defects reported internally or from customers. Advanced knowledge of typescript, javascript, ReactJS. Bonus points if you have some GraphQL-foo. You’re a black belt on Angular or Ember, not so much on React, but you’re eager to learn React? That works too! Quality centric: You have demonstrated experience with writing automated tests (eg. Jest, Karma, Jasmine, Mocha, AVA, tape). We’re super interested in your experience. A solid understanding of core web and browser concepts (eg. how the browser parses and constructs a web page) as well as of semantic HTML, CSS, and core JavaScript concepts. Proficiency in the English language, both written and verbal, sufficient for success in a remote and largely asynchronous work environment Demonstrated strong communication skills for complex technical, architectural, and/or organizational problems and propose iterative solutions Experience with performance and optimization problems and a demonstrated ability to both diagnose and prevent these problems Comfort working in a highly agile, intensely iterative software development process Positive and solution-oriented mindset with inclination towards communication, inclusion, and visibility Self-motivated and self-driven Share our values, and work in accordance with those values Nest.JS experience or similar framework is a nice plus GraphQL experience Developer platform/tool industry experience Domain knowledge relevant to CI/CD and/or security products Company events Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Vision care Work from home Day shift Monday to Friday Front-end development: 4 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID634:
Work with agile teams as they perform feature level design, development, testing, performance Provide front-end architecture and aesthetic guidance and leadership. Maintain and extend Complete front-end development and code reviews, including new application builds, Collaborate with team to innovate, develop, research, recommend, communicate, and maintain Build, plan, and manage rolling out changes; provide mentoring and best practices for Front End Participate in building and applying processes for our Agile and SDLC practices Translate mock-ups and wireframes into clean, maintainable code Support for deployment and maintenance applications Perform other job-related duties as assigned 4+ years of Front-End UI Architecture Design - Development Experience 2+ years experience in .Net platform in developing web applications Demonstrated ability building websites using HTML5/CSS/JavaScript/Bootstrap/SASS/Compass Extensive expertise using script frameworks: AngularJS (Nice to have: ReactJS / Redux Ability to build responsive, cross-browser, highly-performant, and accessibility compliant Proficient in using built-in browser tools like Chrome Developer Tools Experience in NPM, node and other similar build tools. Experience with browser-based debugging and performance testing software Experience evaluating component libraries and choosing the best toolkit for the job Experience in automated testing of UI in a micro-service environment Strong working experience with version control (Git) and branching strategies Strong experience with publishing and consuming REST APIs Have a deep understanding of modern web development techniques and how to apply new Experience with Agile Software Development Must possess excellent communication skills and must be a quick learner with organized Degree in Computer Science, User Experience Design, or equivalent experience 
ScrapedJobID635:
You think about how to scale, automate and operate, not just how to build a solution to an immediate problem You understand lean thinking You set high standards for code quality, performance/scalability and security and seek continuous improvement You have led a team of junior developers and coached them You have solid analytical, problem solving and decision-making skills You have customer first mindset and a devotion to customer service You engage and build positive internal and external client relationships, while managing multiple initiatives, often with competing priorities You have strong self-initiative, passion, interpersonal, oral and written communication and collaboration skills with the ability to work, influence and make an impact in a cross-functional environment with all levels of the organization You are responsive and thrive in a fast-paced diverse high-performance environment with rapidly changing business needs You actively seek out things outside your comfort zone with the ability to rapidly learn and take advantage of new concepts, business models, and technologies You have prior experience in consulting Bachelor's Degree in computer science or equivalent 6+ years of relevant experience in software engineering, web and/or mobile development experience, 2+ years preferably as a technical lead Strong understanding of vanilla javascript, ES6 as well as Typescript Experience with one of React, Angular or Vue.js. (Vue.js preferred) Experience working with HTML5 and CSS3, responsive design, flexbox, SCSS, SASS or LESS Proficiency building web components (for e.g. custom elements, shadow dom) Experience with stencil.js, storybook preferable Experience with third party UI libraries (e.g. PrimeVue, Bootstrap, Material UI) Experience with making sites accessible Experience with tagging for Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics Experience with unit testing Experience consuming RESTful APIs Strong understanding of DevOps principles, processes and tools (eg. Git, Bitbucket, Jenkins, Travis CI) Understanding of Cloud Computing and Serverless Architecture, preferably AWS. Understanding of agile principles and methodologies Experience working with AWS SAM, AWS Lambda Experience working with PHP & last three versions of Laravel Experience writing Python scripts and pytest Understanding of Node.js, Express Experience with RDBMS and NoSQL databases. (for e.g. MySQL, MongoDB, Couchbase, DynamoDB, PostgreSQL) Experience with TDD 
ScrapedJobID636:
Conduct Web Accessibility assessments of websites and Web applications for compliance with the WCAG 2.0 and/or 2.1 A and AA Success Criteria and Government of Canada Standard on Web Accessibility, conduct gap analysis and clearly formulate findings in detailed reports. Work closely with NRC internal teams, external clients and vendors, provide advice and recommendations on achieving Web Accessibility compliance, suggest remediation techniques, assist with solution implementation and verify the results. In collaboration with the internal teams develop and adopt strategies, methods and procedures to track compliance of existing websites and websites in development. Design evaluation templates, keep status logs and progress reports. Participate in meetings and discussions, create training materials, organize and lead educational workshops and training sessions, participate in projects and initiatives as a subject matter expert, and represents NRC at high level meetings with clients and vendors on matters related to Web Accessibility. Prepare and give presentations to stakeholders, senior management and various project teams including non-technical users and users with no prior Web Accessibility and WCAG experience. Keep current on the latest trends and best practices in the field of Web Accessibility. Stay informed about Government of Canada standards, guidelines and legislation. Constantly build up knowledge on the latest Web Accessibility solutions and approaches, seek new ideas and look for new accessibility testing tools and assessment techniques. Work with clients and stakeholders to elicit, analyze, define and document business requirements for Web projects, conduct options analysis and act as a liaison between clients and technical teams. Significant experience conducting Web Accessibility assessments of websites and Web applications for compliance with the WCAG 2.0 or 2.1 A and AA Success Criteria and preparing evaluation reports. Significant experience with common Web Development technologies such as HTML, JavaScript, CSS and WAI-ARIA and ability to read and analyse code in the context of Web Accessibility. Significant Experience with various Web Accessibility assessment tools, methodologies and techniques such as WAVE toolbar, W3C markup validation tool, in-browser developer’s tools, assessment with assistive technologies such as JAWS or NVDA screen readers, assessment techniques such as code review, colour sampling and keyboard-only assessments. Experience working with clients and stakeholders to elicit, analyze and document business requirements as well as conduct gap and options analysis. Experience researching Web Accessibility solutions and approaches and developing training materials, presentations, templates and documentation. Experience working with MS Office applications – Word, Excel, PowerPoint. Experience working with Drupal as a Content Management System. Experience implementing Government of Canada websites. Experience working with Quality Assurance (QA) systems such as SpiraPlan. Advanced knowledge of the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0 or 2.1. Advanced knowledge of Web Accessibility assessment tools, methodologies and techniques such as WAVE toolbar, W3C mark-up validation tool, JAWS or NVDA screen readers, code analysis, colour contrast analysis and keyboard accessibility analysis techniques. Solid knowledge of common Web Development Technologies such as HTML, JavaScript, CSS and WAI-AREA in the context of Web Accessibility. Ability to conduct Web Accessibility assessments against WCAG 2.0 or 2.1 A and AA Success Criteria and prepare reports on findings in a clear and consistent manner. Ability to produce clear, logical and cohesive requirements documents, options analysis documents, specifications, technical documents, training guides, and correspondence. Ability to effectively communicate, give clear explanations and provide technical training. Knowledge of the PDF accessibility assessment tools and ability to conduct accessibility assessments of PDF files. Knowledge of the Government of Canada Web Standards and the Web Experience Toolkit (WET) framework. Technology support - Client focus (Level 2) Technology support - Communication (Level 2) Technology support - Results orientation (Level 3) Technology support - Initiative (Level 2) Technology support - Conceptual and analytical ability (Level 3) At time of posting, many NRC employees are being supported to work remotely. Onboarding of new employees will proceed with these provisions until such time as a return to work is announced. In order to ensure a prompt and efficient processing of applications, candidates will be required to answer screening questions explaining how they meet each of the requirements of this position (education, experience, language requirements) by providing concrete examples. In addition, the candidate is encouraged to describe in detail when, where and how they gained the experience. Candidates will not be solicited for incomplete or possible missing information. Failure to provide appropriate or factual information in the application may result in the rejection of your application. This position is being advertised internally and externally simultaneously, however first consideration will be given to internal NRC applicants. A pre-qualified list may be established for similar positions for a one year period. Preference will be given to Canadian Citizens and Permanent Residents of Canada. Please include citizenship information in your application. The incumbent must adhere to safe workplace practices at all times. We thank all those who apply, however only those selected for further consideration will be contacted. 
ScrapedJobID637:
Communicating well, being kind unto others, choosing to be vulnerable and always being honest. Understand the core of problems from first principles and never be afraid to question received wisdom. Approaching problem solving iteratively, simplifying not complicating. Being curious and interested in understanding business and technology. Embrace the use of code in everyday data solutions. Working hard to make solutions that we can be proud of and use ourselves. 3 Weeks holiday to start. 100% virtual work environment - our staff often work in fun sunny places! Comprehensive health and wellness benefits package. We are committed to nurturing and training our people. You can demonstrate your exceptional ability to solve problems in software. You are willing to learn and communicate. You are curious about technology and how it helps people and organizations. 
ScrapedJobID638:
A bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or similar A minimum of 1-2 years of proven work experience in software development Demonstrated experience in: NET; C#, ASP.NET Core SQL Server or MySQL Angular/React/Typescript; NodeJS Bootstrap/CSS; Cloud (Azure, AWS) Full stack web development Distributed scalable web systems and Web security/authentication; Demonstrated experience in solution development, facilitation of decision making, and team work Experience in all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Are client-delivery focused, and committed to working as a flexible extension to our clients to earn a place as their trusted advisor Possess superior written and verbal communication skills Have a natural curiosity towards gaining new understanding and broadening your knowledge base Are skilled in managing and prioritizing multiple projects and competing deadlines Have strong analytical and problem-solving skills. 
ScrapedJobID639:
Build out Beautiful, Intuitive User Interfaces for DMGs operations applications, as well as for our customers applications. Keep our users happy by maintaining the software, troubleshooting and fixing bugs. Deliver on rapid implementation schedules to build web functionality that is functional, fast, and scalable. Enthusiasm to work in Blockchain UI Development Experience Javascript Development Experience Proven ability to design software Excellent problem-solving skills Detail-orientation throughout the development lifecycle Ability to work with little supervision Passion for delivering high-quality software with quick turnaround times Experience with React, or React Native Experience using Crypto-Currencies; e.g. Ethereum, Bitcoin, etc Understanding of how Blockchains work Work from home opportunities 
ScrapedJobID640:
Manage the marketing materials to meet high quality standards. Establish website strategies to support Veem goals. Set and implement strategies to grow qualified, profitable external traffic to our products and services, maximize sales and revenue, and meet other business objectives through various marketing strategies. Build landing pages. Recommend the suite of tools, technologies, automation and processes necessary for scaling our website efforts. Execute digital marketing strategies to support company sales lead generation, marketing and branding initiatives to include but not limited to the development and implementation of the following: SEO/SEM, Content Marketing, Marketing database campaigns, Web/online survey campaigns, Multiple call-to-action landing pages, Social media engagement. Implement high-end marketing pages with rich UI. You will bring a fundamental understanding of WordPress to your work and build high profile marketing pages. You will collaborate with our team to ensure that the goals are being met and that the delivery is of the highest standard. Convert designs into pixel-perfect responsive web pages. Work closely with our designers on implementing designs into code. Measure and optimize overall web page performances. Hands-on troubleshooting, debugging and fixing of issues during development and post-release. 3+ years as a WordPress Developer in a professional setting. Experience using Wordpress Engine as a managed hosting platform. Experience with HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, PHP, and MySQL. Ability to develop cutting edge WordPress themes & plugins that are efficient and seamless across environments. Experience working in other web development languages. Excellent troubleshooting and debugging skills Full-stack developer experience (we have other development projects that could be a fit). Startup experience (preferably in a company that grew substantially within the time worked) Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefits Package (Health, Dental, Medical, Vision) Group RRSP Plan (after 3 months) 3 weeks vacation Friday afternoon unwind 
ScrapedJobID641:
Developing innovative websites for local, regional, national and international clients Play a lead role in web site development, creation of custom components and plugins, and provide specialized programming for clients as required. Determine appropriate architecture and other technical solutions and make relevant recommendations. Implement user interface designs. Assist in development, implementation and application testing. Development and maintenance of DevOps systems Strong PHP and JavaScript skills (PHP and JS experience is a plus) Object-oriented programming Modular programming Familiarity with the Model-view-controller architectural pattern SQL Linux experience WordPress theme and plugin development HTML and CSS Experience working with git or other version control systems Have obtained college or university degree in Computer Science or related field or similar combination of education and experience Have creativity and imagination Be adaptable and able to pick up new techniques Have good interpersonal and communication skills Be able to organize tasks and track progress Be able to work on own or in a team Be able to work remotely (from home) Be able to work to tight deadlines Be thorough and precise Be able to multi-task Be able to use initiative Have an entrepreneurial spirit Competitive compensation commensurate with experience Medical and dental benefits Vacation time Professional development days A flexible working environment that promotes a healthy work-life balance A supportive team that will encourage your professional growth and development An opportunity to be meaningful and impactful within your work and projects 
ScrapedJobID642:
Develop and maintain our core product set with a focus on usability, security, and scalability. Work closely with Product Management to deliver high-quality products to our customers. Develop advanced prototypes for new innovations. 3+ years of professional software development experience. BS in Computer Science, a similar field, or equivalent experience Very strong written and verbal communication skills Experience with Agile Software Development methodologies Experience with SCRUM Experience in Object-Oriented design and programming. Experience designing and developing REST API Endpoints. Experience working with a Relational Database Management System, including database design and advanced SQL Queries. Experience with front-end development using a modern JavaScript framework such as React, Angular, or Vue. The best candidates for this position will need to have strong chemistry and a culture fit within RainFocus. They will need to be comfortable working in a fast-paced, challenging, and dynamic environment. Additional personal qualities include: Team-player Self-motivated Strong Communicator A good steward of company resources. Takes ownership of assigned tasks, and sees them through to completion. Able to architect secure and scalable software solutions from written requirements. Working as part of a team, gets sprint committed user stories across the finish line. Displays a passion for improving existing code. 
ScrapedJobID643:
Design, development, testing and debugging of front-end and back-end applications. Designing applications from conception to completion. Communicating effectively with the team members on various tasks and projects Contributing to team processes and quality control measures Monitoring, supporting, or enhancing existing applications Other duties as assigned. Knowledge and experience with one or more of the following: JavaScript, .NET, Python, Bash, React, Node.js, C# Time management and multi-tasking ability. Good oral and written communication skills. Ability to work as part of a larger team or independently Knowledge and experience working in Linux environment Web application development experience in a team environment Familiarity with Agile/Scrum software development methodology, unit testing and continuous integration/deployment Familiarity with Amazon Web Services and Docker Knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server, SQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB; big data storage solutions would be an asset Database experience in creating stored procedures and optimizing database queries 
ScrapedJobID644:
In Depth knowledge of HTML and CSS Experience building apps using a JavaScript framework like React Experience in RESTful API consumption, caching and error handling An ability to easily evolve user interface designs into JSX or equivalent Comfortable with code reviews, git protocol and npm scripts Knowledge of application profiling, optimisations and debugging Proactive and eager to learn more Built mobile apps with React Native Used state managers such as Redux, MobX or GraphQL Written automated tests with a test suite like Jest Knowledge of Google Analytics or another tracking tool C++, C# or Java experience Knowledge of Typescript is an asset Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID645:
Participer à la définition des exigences techniques clés pour répondre aux besoins des clients pour un produit; Participer à la création de l’architecture conceptuelle de sites web, des applications et autres projets connexes aux technologies du Web; Participer à l’estimation du travail avec l’équipe de développement; Participer à l’élaboration des méthodes de travail (méthodes, outils et technologies); Prendre en charge l’implémentation de modules Web performants suivant l'architecture mise en place. Participate in defining key technical requirements to meet customer needs for a product; Participate in the creation of conceptual game architecture, online communities, virtual worlds, websites and applications (development and integration); Estimate timelines with the development team; Participate in the development of working methods (methods, tools and technologies); Implement efficient Web modules following the technical design architecture. Diplôme et expérience pertinente; Expérience en intégration web multi-navigateur et mobile; Compétences avec les technologies web de base (HTML, CSS, Javascript); Connaissance de frameworks et outils de développement (SASS, jQuery, React, Angular); Bilinguisme (Français/Anglais); Connaissances de système de gestion de versions (Git, Mercurial, Perforce); Expérience avec un CMS PHP (Drupal, Wordpress, etc) est considéré un atout. Relevant degree and experience; Demonstrated skills in multi-browser and mobile web integration; Knowledge of frameworks and development tools (SASS, jQuery, React, Angular); Knowledge of version management systems (Git, Mercurial, Perforce); Experience with a PHP CMS (Drupal 8+, Wordpress, etc) is considered an asset. Salaire compétitif ; Assurances collectives offrant une couverture pour un large éventail de soins de santé, les soins dentaires, l’assurance salaire courte et longue durée et une assurance voyage ; REER collectif avec contribution avantageuse de l’employeur ; Stationnement gratuit ; Horaire régulier de 37,5 heures par semaine ; Projets originaux et variés ; Collations santé offertes gratuitement tous les jours ; Réel impact sur les projets ; Accès à ton propre espace personnalisé au cœur d’un espace ouvert, lumineux et branché ; Des clients d’envergure internationale dans les domaines du jouet et du divertissement ; Travailler avec des gens compétents et talentueux ; Une culture du jeu très forte ; Des activités sociales et beaucoup de plaisir ! Competitive salary; Group insurance offering health, disability and dental coverage and travel coverage; RRSP program including an employer contribution; Free parking; Schedule of 37,5 hours per week; Work on original and various projects; Free healthy snacks offered every day; Real impact on your projects; Own personalized space in our bright, comfortable and trendy open environment; Top international clients in the toys and entertainment business. Does Hasbro, Disney, Cartoon Network, Warner Brothers ring a bell? Work with talented and competent people; Strong gaming culture; Social events and a lot of fun! 
ScrapedJobID646:
Create responsive user experiences by building interfaces that are simple and easy to comprehend, using modern tools like React. You will work closely with the Product Manager, the UI/ UX Designer and Engineering team to ensure alignment with the product roadmap. Help shape Interaptix's technical roadmap At least two (2) years of software engineering experience Experience with HTTP/REST and web technologies like webRTC Experience creating automated test suites and ensuring quality in your code. Experience working with and instrumenting web metrics, monitoring and analytics systems Deep knowledge of data structures and algorithms and an ability to use them practically when implementing solutions A proven teammate and owner- willing to take on ownership of the systems, and think about operations, maintenance and reliability of his/her systems You've worked on front-end teams that utilized 3d rendering components such as ThreeJS Experience with computer graphics pipeline. Be part of a high performing team of solving real-world problems with AR & VR Access leadership and growth opportunities as the company and spatial computing industry scale. A high degree of autonomy and accountability A team of risk-takers, innovators and builders who own it, and build awesome products 
ScrapedJobID647:
Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefit and Pension Plan Employee Assistance Program Wellness Program Employee Recognition Program Work in conjunction with stakeholders, research and development team members to support our technology business decisions by assisting in product development and research concepts and initiatives. Participate in and oversee a peer code review process, ensuring adherence to standards and proper implementation. Drive the right technology choices for both immediate and long-term growth through rapid prototype and research. Create, update, or ensure technical documentation is created as applications are built or modified. Participate in all phases of the development cycle, including planning, daily standups, demos and retrospectives as required. Improve the quality of all solutions by actively participating in the testing process through unit testing and bug fixes. Interface with other technology team members to ensure issue-free deployments. Set and showcase high standards and act as a mentor to other team members by demonstrating and enforcing the right developer behaviors to ensure both quality and efficiency. Conduct or participate in planning and review meetings, involving technical staff and line management representing user departments and various information technology departments. Take ownership of deliverables and provide leadership as a senior technical member of the team, resolving impediments and executing technical direction throughout delivery. Implement best practices for testing, deploying, and developing code. Prepare and/or review specifications, proposals, investigative reports, business case documents, design documents, maintenance documentation, operating instructions, and user manuals. Provide technical notes and guidelines as input to selection, acquisition, migration, usage and application of technology products and related services. Identify/analyze system issues, estimate time, recommend enhancements and commit to the development deliverables and plan as a component of the overall project plan. Design and deliver system integrations based on technology team standards and best practices. Provide regular updates to Project Managers and IT management of solution development deliverables. Actively participate in project meetings providing guidance and expertise to technical team. Collaborate with technology team members and vendors assisting in the work and scheduling of activities. Performs other duties as required. Bachelor’s Degree in IT or equivalent. Extra specialized training is an asset. At least 6 years of experience working in IT. Provide software expertise in Azure Integration Services, C#, .NET, SQL Server. Execute web application and integration deployments and web server technology (Windows Server, IIS), Work within a framework with source control systems (TFS, GIT, and SVN) Develop integrations using Azure Integration Services, batch processes, third party integration tools addressing use cases requiring synchronous and asynchronous, real-time or near real-time data and message exchange, and ETL like integrations. Develop shared reusable components to increase reusability and solution robustness. Participate in architecture and system design as a whole. Coding expert. provide timeline estimates and deliverables on sprint commitments. Collaborates with internal stakeholders to develop and build effective solutions. 
ScrapedJobID648:
Employee assistance program 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Front-end development: 1 year (required) 
ScrapedJobID649:
Meeting with clients to discuss website design and function. Designing and building the website front-end. Creating responsive website architecture. Developing and managing the website back-end including database and server integration. Generating WordPress themes and plugins. Ability to write custom WordPress plugins. Manage web hosting cPanels. Adding SEO content to websites. Editing/Creating zone files in DNS records. Adding code snippets to websites for tracking purposes such as Google Analytics. Migrating websites to hosting environments. Managing products on eCommerce platforms (WooCommerce/Shopify/Magento). Implement website security plugins. Creating & maintaining Shopify themes. Generating dynamic XML sitemaps. Conducting website performance tests. Troubleshooting content issues. Conducting WordPress training with the client. Monitoring the performance of the live website. Bachelor’s degree in computer science or a similar field. Proven work experience as a Web developer. Knowledge of front-end technologies including CSS3, JavaScript, HTML5, and jQuery. Knowledge of code versioning tools including Git, Mercurial, and SVN. Experience working with debugging tools such as Chrome Inspector and Firebug. Good understanding of website architecture and aesthetics. Ability to manage projects. Good communication skills. Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID650:
Work in a fast-paced environment on an online platform that serves 300+ sites globally. Modernize our Perl based backend e-commerce platform to enable faster, more reliable delivery of features with industry best practices and improved developer experience. Writing and improving frameworks and libraries to enable a REST API service oriented approach to software architecture with a focus on security, performance, and ease of use. Enabling DevOps, cloud, containerization, automated testing, and deployment pipelines. Work closely with tech leads, architects, and engineers to define cutting-edge technical solutions & partner with global engineers to contribute what you build into our global technology products You have 5+ years experience with Perl You have the pro-active ability to troubleshoot and solve problems You are comfortable working in an Agile Scrum team and using Jira, Git Comfortable working in EST hours You are passionate about writing clean, modern, maintainable, & highly-performant code, with a desire to sweat the small stuff You understand architectural patterns of large, high-scale web applications, such as well-designed APIs, high volume data pipelines, and efficient algorithms. You have a positive, collaborative, and solution-oriented approach You are independent, dedicated, and able to deliver production-ready code with minimal guidance Experience in ecommerce web platform development on an eCommerce platform Experience with devops, cloud, automated testing, linux systems. Experience with products at enterprise scale 
ScrapedJobID651:
Responsible for working with product development team to build new components to the system, as well as maintaining and updating existing software. Assist in system architecting, designing and development of Bureau Veritas Laboratories Web Application. Work with existing developers in providing support for the data-base driven software products. Develop test data for use in unit, integration, and user testing to ensure that application meets application design specifications. Ensure that departmental development standards are followed. Other duties and responsibilities as assigned. 4+ years of extensive experience on designing and implementing web applications using React with RESTful API service 4+ years of experience with common front-end development tools such as Babel, Webpack, NPM. 5+ years of hands-on experience with Javascript/TypeScript development 2+ years of hands-on experience working with json-web-token authorization HTML and CSS coding experience with C#, React, JQuery, Javascript, Visual Studio, TFS and MS SQL Server. Experience and understanding of WEB API and MVC frameworks and of design patterns. Ability to elaborate functional and architectural specifications for different features. Familiarity with code versioning tools such as Git, TFS and continuous integration DevOps tools Good understanding of each of the parts that make up a modern web application (APIs, templating, routing, data storage, design patterns, optimization, caching, security) Working experience with designing and implementing object oriented distributed applications using .NET technologies in C# will be a plus. Working experience with ASP.NET/.NETCore will be a plus Ability to communicate clearly and effectively with both development and non-development staff. Attentive to the needs of customers (both internal and external to the organization). University degree in Computer Science/Computer Engineering or a related field is preferred. 
ScrapedJobID652:
PHP devs - 6-9 years exp. Experience with SQL 2016 Experience integrating legacy code Experience with JIRA and Agile High preference for self-starting Capable of investigating and troubleshooting solutions Highly capable of estimating or articulating criteria for accurate estimations High level of accountability and communication 
ScrapedJobID653:
The successful candidate will work within Applications practice and be mainly responsible for full-stack application development. The scope of responsibilities will cover also participation in standard Agile ceremonies (e.g. Standups, Demos, Retrospect) . The requirements will be defined in Agile manner in direct agreement with business users on the customer’s side. University degree (B.Sc. or M.Sc.), At least two years of commercial experience in C# programming language Experience in writing web applications using ASP.NET, Web Services, HTML, CSS, JavaScript Experience in writing desktop applications and Windows Services Experience with GIT and GitHub Solid knowledge of SQL Fluent written and spoken English Experience with Agile methodologies: Scrum/Kanban Solid problem solving and analytical skills Strong interpersonal skills Autonomous, strong ownership, and drive to get things done Eagerness to learn and adaptability to changes Professional and responsible approach to work with customer focus ITIL methodology familiarity REST, AJAX, JSON and XML standards familiarity Knowledge of jQuery library Experience in working in a multinational environment 
ScrapedJobID654:
3+ years of WordPress experience: development and development operations (deployment, troubleshooting, team support) Front end: Javascript, CSS3, HTML5, Bootstrap, Sass, Webpack, npm, gulp, Babel, React.js, Redux, TypeScript Back end: PHP/MySQL, NGINX, Apache Web Services: Rest Source Control: Git, Github, Assembla Solid written and verbal communication skills in English Analytical and creative problem-solving skills DevOps: Virtualization, Vagrant/Ansible, Docker Miscellaneous: Selenium, Jira, Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager Work Hard Be Nice Think Big Love Digital Have Fun Competitive salary Opportunity for career growth Great health coverage The latest tools and equipment Paid vacation & sick days Paid closure over Christmas Holiday in addition to vacation Continued career development through conferences, events, and continuing education A casual work environment where you can be yourself and your team members have always got your back 
ScrapedJobID655:
5+ years of experience working on HTML5, JavaScript and Angular technology. Core Java Web experience with JAX-RS, concurrency, Spring, CXF and JPA. Core Javascript experience with modern UI framework such as ExtJS or Angular is preferred. Working knowledge of writing REST / web services Working knowledge of UNIX/LINUX. Demonstrates exceptional analytical and problem-solving skills. Strong communication, organizational, and collaboration skills. Ability to multi-task and work well under pressure. Experience working on large and medium scale projects in agile environment. FIX Protocol DevOps/Agile Equities Competitive compensation and benefits package Full health insurance coverage Professional training, certifications Mobility A variety of corporate activities Flexibility in working hours and work from home 
ScrapedJobID656:
Evolve within a devOps team Conduct design, development, code reviews and resolve production issues Strong empathy with customer situation Be responsible for features from development to production Participate at doing faster release Improve the product Documentation. Very good knowledge of Node.js development Good knowledge of unit test libraries (Mocha-Chai-Jest) Good knowledge of TypeScript Experience in ReactJs web development. Experience with non-relational databases (NoSQL) Good knowledge of UML diagrams Experience in agile development and Scrum/Kanban methodology Experience with micro-service architecture Experience with cloud based development/serverless Experience with Test-Driven-Development. Excellent communication and ownership skills Should be highly adaptive to ensure product and organizational agility. Team Player Curiosity Listening and empathy Autonomy Willingness to learn and work on new technologies. At least 7 years Bachelor or master degree in SW, IT or computer science Bilingual. A fast-growing international company A stimulating, fast and friendly work environment An opportunity to highly contribute to the success of the company Competitive global compensation A 12-minute walk from Du College metro station. 
ScrapedJobID657:
Consult with clients to develop and document Web site requirements. Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Web site. Create and optimize content for the Web site using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software May research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products. A bachelor's degree, usually in computer science, communications or business
or
Completion of a college program in computer science, graphic arts, Web design or business is required. 2 years of experience as a computer programmer or graphic designer is usually required. 
ScrapedJobID658:
Define and drive the technical vision for our web development teams focused on enhancing our customer experience Find ways to coach and level-up the technical skills of those developers using your knowledge and expertise Be the champion for the architecture of our web platform, ensuring we are following best-practices and avoiding as much technical debt as possible Look out and advocate for opportunities to improve our technical processes to enable the best performance out of our teams as possible Build strong relationships with developers and peer technologists in across the organization. Work collaboratively across practices, levels, and organizational structure to find the right solution. The solution of choice may be to reuse an existing enterprise standard, but it could also be to innovate our processes and technology Lead by example in building great software. Get hands-on with the code only at key moments, such as building a proof of concept, tackling a gnarly bug or feature, or a hotfix for a high-priority issue in the production environment Foster a culture of continuous inclusivity and improvement. You have 8+ years of first-hand knowledge and experience with a variety of web technologies (namely React, NodeJS) and architectures, including legacy systems, cloud computing, high-demand operational settings, and microservices architectures. The breadth of your experience is more important than specific technologies. You are a thought leader for innovation and will champion the optimization and maturing of technology practices in collaboration with key stakeholders. You excel at knowledge transfer, both inbound and outbound. You know what questions to ask when drilling down into unfamiliar technology. You can translate the implications of high-level constraints and decisions stakeholders verbally and in writing. You are comfortable making decisions in the face of ambiguity. Your technology choices, designs, and architectures use as much data as is practical from a variety of sources. You communicate clearly and effectively to both technical and non-technical audiences alike. You can present complicated solutions in a simple and logical way. Your diagrams are crisp and clean. Your documents are organized, clear, and concise. You’re passionate about building rock solid software and opinionated about what good looks like. You have a hunger to learn and are open to change, which is evident in your constant hunt to improve yourself, our team, and our products. 
ScrapedJobID659:
Capgemini is seeking a UI Developer with Hands on software development experience working on Multi-tier Web based applications and JavaScript. Excellent React UI development skills also including HTML5 JavaScript Typescript CSS. Good knowledge of design patterns with excellent problem solving skills. Professional precise communication skills with client interaction. Education – Bachelor’s Degree Years of experience – 4-5 years 
ScrapedJobID660:
Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology/Information Management field and six months *related experience; OR Diploma in Information Technology/Information Management field plus one year of *related experience; OR An equivalent combination of education and/or *related experience may be considered Related experience includes the following: Analytical, interpretative, and/or problem-solving experience. Experience working in a team-environment. Experience researching and executing solutions based on online guides and tutorials. Preference may be given to candidates with:
Experience with API development and integration and continuous development environments.
Experience using a variety of modern development tools, such as HTML, CSS and Javascript frameworks, relational and non-relational databases.
Experience with web application frameworks (e.g., Angular, React or Vue).
Experience with backend technologies (e.g., NodeJS, Python, .NET Core).
More than one year of hands-on software development experience (e.g., co-op or volunteer). Experience with API development and integration and continuous development environments. Experience using a variety of modern development tools, such as HTML, CSS and Javascript frameworks, relational and non-relational databases. Experience with web application frameworks (e.g., Angular, React or Vue). Experience with backend technologies (e.g., NodeJS, Python, .NET Core). More than one year of hands-on software development experience (e.g., co-op or volunteer). 
ScrapedJobID661:
Work with development teams and Business Analyst to ideate software solutions. Write efficient, reliable and robust code for front end and back end APIs. Debug, deploy and upgrade software. Take ownership, triage and troubleshoot any customer reported issues. Effectively contribute to the specification, design, build and test phases of development. Receive feedback and work with stakeholders to continuously improve the applications. Lead other developers on selected projects. University Degree/College Diploma in a business, mathematics, computer science or technology related field preferred. 10+ years of hands-on Java Development knowledge with Spring Boot or similar is preferred 10+ years of experience with front end frameworks like React(preferred), Angular or Vue.js 10+ years of experience with open source databases e.g. MySQL Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Monday to Friday Toronto, ON: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID662:
You want to work at a company that is building impactful, relevant technology.
Auvik's network management software helps IT teams by automating time-consuming tasks, streamlining operations, and mitigating risk. It's more important than ever to be able to remotely monitor and manage network infrastructure, and with Auvik, IT professionals have that essential visibility and control. You want to work with a leadership team who are transparent and trustworthy.
Our senior leaders have a vision for Auvik. They are experienced, knowledgeable, approachable, and consistently working hard to drive success, both for the company and the team of people who make it happen. You want to work with a product customers love.
People rave about what we've built—our latest NPS was 57 (phenomenal!). Our customers are smart, aspirational, and highly technical. It pays to get the details right. You want regular opportunities for learning and growth.
With ongoing feedback from leadership, you'll find that Auvik encourages you to be your very best. Our onboarding process is thorough and informative because we want to make sure you're prepared to have a great work experience. We also have programs designed to help you take the next steps you want for your career. You want the flexibility to manage your work, your way.
We're a fully distributed team and we're prepared to continue to support working from home (or the space you choose!). When we're able, we'll have Auvik hubs in Waterloo and Barcelona for you to leverage if needed. We trust you to get the job done where you feel most comfortable and effective. Develop intuitive, efficient, and elegant web UI features using React, GraphQL, D3, and NodeJS. Build reliable, highly available, and scalable software on top of the Kafka streaming platform. Deploy and manage containerized applications using Kubernetes orchestration. Architect and design key components as we transition to microservices. Monitor microservices in production using metrics and OpenTracing. Strong communicators (written and verbal) who work collaboratively with their immediate team, and the larger organization. Developers who are unafraid to learn through research and will drive conversation and make recommendations based on experiences and findings. Demonstrate accountability by following established processes and making suggestions for process/delivery improvements. Work collaboratively with engineering and product management to deliver software components to meet the needs of our customers. 
ScrapedJobID663:
Updates, maintains, expands, scales and trouble-shoot on existing websites New website and microsite design and development Integrate data from various back-end services and databases Gather and refine specifications and requirements based on technical needs Email newsletter design, creation, coding, testing and deployment Sales Centre and Design Studio touch screen application development, maintenance, trouble-shoot Custom lead capture form set-up Google AdWords, Analytics and campaign tracking set-up, review and ongoing maintenance Responsible for staying up to speed on emerging technologies, industry trends and apply new learning to all operations and activities Collaborate with Graphic Designer(s) to match visual design intent Other duties, as assigned Proven working experience in web programming Top notch programming skills and in-depth knowledge of modern HTML/CSS Familiarity with at least one of the following programs: PHP, ASP.NET, JavaScript Solid understanding of how web applications work including security, session management and best development practices Adequate knowledge of relational database systems, Object Oriented Programming and web application development Hands on experience with network diagnostics, network analytics tools Knowledge with Search Engine Optimization process and strategies Aggressive problem diagnosis and creative problem-solving skills Strong organization skills to juggle multiple tasks within the constraints of timelines and budgets with business acumen Ability to thrive in a fast-paced work environment, learn rapidly and master diverse web technologies and techniques Ability to work in a team environment and ability to work independently with little supervision Strong written and verbal communication skills 
ScrapedJobID664:
Angular Python Google App Engine Work in an agile environment Work with team to deliver value to customers Write high quality, maintainable code Work closely with product and design teams to provide technical solutions Participate in code reviews Develop and maintain documentation Lead specific projects or features as assigned within engineering team Competitive salary Generous stock options Health and dental benefits Free snacks and drinks Team lunches and monthly events Diverse projects, cutting-edge tools and freedom to experiment You'll work remotely (like everyone else during this pandemic) 
ScrapedJobID665:
Minimum 3+ years of web developer experience 2+ years of experience in programming in JavaScript, PHP, Python, HTML5, CSS3 1+ year of experience in graphic design 1+ year of experience in writing unit tests for web applications Good eye for design Good UI design skills Web site portfolio Some experience with BrowserStack Work wherever you choose! Very flexible work hours Unlimited PTO Sick leaves Non-working holidays depending on which country you’re in 13th month bonus Salary and salary increases Financial support on online courses Fun and casual work environment Employee engagement activities and virtual gatherings We are a very diverse bunch! Bonus pay Flexible schedule Paid time off Referral program 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID666:
Build and develop our microservices infrastructure using AWS Cloudformation, Docker, Terraform and other IAC technologies Design and develop highly scalable and robust microservice applications using the principles of Domain Driven Design, Command Query Responsibility Segregation and Event Sourcing. Work closely with your team in developing Java Web Service applications using Spring Boot, JPA and Axon Framework. Design and develop rich front end experiences using Angular, and connect with APIs that are also developed by your team. Work across other microservices teams to solve deployment, integration and operational challenges in a microservices based platform. Supervise, plan, and execute deployments of microservices, and be responsible for the smooth running operation of the microservices your team maintains. Work on crucial bug fixes and optimizations to the existing heritage system to ensure its continued running. You have 3+ years experience developing web applications using Java, SQL databases, JavaScript, HTML and CSS. You are unafraid of change and can refactor and work effectively with legacy code. You understand and can demonstrate knowledge of common Design Patterns, OOPS concepts and SOLID design principles. You have experience or an interest in learning about DevOps, developing and maintaining the infrastructures in which your applications will be tested and deployed on. You have experience in working with modern build tools and have worked with CI and CD. You practice TDD, and you are great with developer testing tools and methodologies (i.e. unit testing, integration testing, and load/performance testing.). You have experience using Git for source code management. You have been exposed to Agile methodologies. A B.Sc., M.Sc., or Ph.D. in Computer Science or equivalent would be ideal. 
ScrapedJobID667:
8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID668:
Practical knowledge of low-code tools Microsoft full stack developer experience (specifically C#.NET, MSSQL, ASP.NET, CSS, HTML) Database, IIS and Microsoft server administration skills Experience working with various data sources (specifically Oracle, DB2, MS Access, etc.) Familiarity with code repositories (TFS, GitLab) Advocate of the Agile mindset and scrum processes Exceptional customer service focus Get it done attitude Flexible & adaptable to change Resiliency with ambiguity Enthusiastic & collaborative team player Working with Solution Analysts, fellow developers, and directly with stakeholders in the configuration of low-code tools and also developing, enhancing and maintaining business developed software solutions (internal web solutions) Supporting, and when possible, re-platforming end user computing tools (VB macros and MS Access tools) Working with Solution Analysts in the creation of business requirements, and owning the creation of business requirements and user stories for smaller initiatives Conducting code reviews Providing solution and system support consulting Identifying risks and mitigation strategies University or College degree in computer science/engineering or related experience You enjoy working with stakeholders and have top-notch communication skills! Agile is a mindset you not only embrace, but are passionate about You love seeing your team and members of your team succeed—and if you helped them, it’s all the more rewarding, even if you don’t get all the credit! Knowledge and experience in the financial industry and specifically group retirement is a strong asset You always love to leverage the knowledge and skills of your team members, even those with less experience than you You improve morale on your team with good humour and passion for your role! ITIL Certification Bilingual Agile certifications Familiarity with .NET CORE and MVC technologies Experience working in an Azure environment 
ScrapedJobID669:
Adobe Photoshop Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls JavaScript HTML CSS Attention to detail Ability to distinguish between colours Sitting JavaOS 3D graphic software Image editing software Programming software HTML editing software Programming languages Initiative Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID670:
Very vibrant position, many challenges for you to meet Team and projects on a human scale, sense of mutual support, high level of skills Agile method (SCRUM): PO/Sponsors who are caring, competent as well as demanding You are currently enrolled in a Bachelor’s or Master's degree program with an IT specialization. A first experience in a full-stack developer role would be appreciated. You are bilingual, English and French Experience with Java and/or Python Experience with HTML/CSS, Angular, Bootstrap Good knowledge of SQL language Understanding of development cycles: SDLC, Agile, Continuous delivery Knowledge of Spring Boot, as well as Django or Flask Knowledge of CI/CD tools (Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes) Societe Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Active in the real economy for over 150 years, Societe Generale employs over 138,000 members of staff in 62 countries and supports daily 29 million clients. Societe Generale opened its first office in the United States in 1938 and in Canada in 1974 and has about 2,500 professionals working in 8 U.S. cities, 3 in Canada as well as in Latin America. Societe Generale is not just a financial institution, it is a group that places innovation and sustainable financial practices at the very heart of its culture. The Societe Generale group has made the digital sector a key lever in transforming banking relationships. The 2019 edition of the eCAC40 Trophies ranks Societe Generale at the top rank of the banks that have best evolved in the digital world! Our employees resource groups such as Pride and Allies, American Women Network, Black Leadership Network, One planet demonstrate the involvement of our employees for their community. 
ScrapedJobID671:
Currently working towards a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent experience Ability to design and implement slick and minimalistic dynamic web UIs using JavaScript, TypeScript, React, AJAX, HTML5, and CSS3 Proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them Ability to develop UIs that provide a consistent experience across all web browsers and operating systems Can efficiently work in a collaborative coding environment Software Design Patterns with the ability to apply patterns to business problems Competitive candidates will have experience in some of the following: Webpack, Python/Django, Jest, React Testing Library, Node.js, RESTful APIs, MySQL, and SocketIO Self-motivated and strong teamwork skills Strong communication and documentation skills You are a resourceful, fast learner and curious about the latest tech and industry trends Implement features on the Frontend side for our web applications Design well thought, clear, and polished UI, providing an engaging and delightful user experience Develop UI components for web-based application Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability Always use best practices in your code Think creatively and work outside the box - we love new ideas Fun, energetic, agile team environment Free snacks, drinks, and coffee Lots of exciting new projects Competitive remuneration 
ScrapedJobID672:
Develop and implement solutions that primarily focus on web technologies, mobile (native/hybrid), J2EE platforms, API, Service Oriented Architecture and integration technologies. Fully participate in application detailed design, estimation, and documentation. Participate in code and design reviews. Provide technical and design support for other team members (e.g. QA, BA’s) Be available to support after hour activities (e.g. deployments, incident investigation) when necessary Engage in ongoing skills development and knowledge acquisition Be cognizant of security, organizational risk, PCI, and business at all stages of the software delivery lifecycle Application detailed design, development, testing and documentation for client group applications Participation on project activities and progress reporting to development lead and functional manager Provide 3rd level support to application support team for incident and problem resolution Be a self-driven member of a cross functional development team to deliver solutions for business requirements Play an active role and take ownership of optimization and performance activities Post-secondary education, preferably in Computer Science or related field with 1-2 years practical experience in Information Systems ideally Experience with the software development life cycle via Agile programming practices (such as Scrum or Kanban) Web application development experience with the understanding of object oriented design patterns service-oriented architectures, including web services (REST, JSON, JMS, SOAP, XML) Knowledge of Spring/J2EE based delivery, SOA and architectural experience or industry certification Knowledge and experience regarding the practical application of security/risk concepts, standards and regulations in the financial industry Experience designing and delivering web based solutions integrating to legacy back-end environments Development experience in the following is an asset: Adobe Experience Manager (core framework) Web 2.0, AJAX and Single Page Applications Apache CXF, Tomcat, Websphere, IHS Cordova, Angular.js, node.js, BootStrap Java EE, JUnit, Spring, XML, MQ Series/JMS Web application firewalls, AppDynamics Atlassian suite, Maven, Jenkins, Bitbucket (Git) API Gateways management, microservices RHEL/Scripting/Commands Experience with portals and web content management 
ScrapedJobID673:
Creating/modifying the look, layout, feel, functionality and features of front-end web portals and Power BI dashboards. Interfacing front end GUIs with data from Microsoft SQL Server database and/or AWS Redshift data tables. Work with clients and project managers to support user interface design and user experience design of web portals. Determine appropriate architecture, and other technical solutions, and make relevant recommendations. Develop and maintain robust Webstyle guides for all consumer and business-facing products. Operate within a team environment delegating workload with other individuals and external partners. Work within an agile development framework in defining and prioritizing sprint plans. 6 years experience in relevant field. Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field, or significant equivalent experience. Three years minimum experience with HTML/XHTML and CSS. Three years minimum experience with developing data analytic graphical interfaces and infographic dashboards (UI/UX design). Extensive experience in development using the Python web framework Django. Experience in programming and systems development and design. Experience in web development using MVC framework. Experience trouble shooting and resolving technical issues. Strong proficiency in Python/SQL. Comfort in collaborative development using source code control (git). Experienced with Power BI. Knowledge of SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) packages. Experienced with Amazon AWS architecture and cloud-based solutions. Knowledge of browser compatibility across multiple platforms and devices. 
ScrapedJobID674:
Participate in the design and development of SAAS products incl. websites and CRM with innovative features Participate in code reviews and technical discussions, ensuring quality code that functions flawlessly Consult with internal stakeholders to execute innovation projects, ensuring both technical and business requirements are met Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables Identify areas of improvement and process improvements Collaboration with Developers, Designers, Project Managers, QA to deliver high-quality experience Challenge team with new front-end technologies and standards to improve our processes Bachelor's degree in computer science or a related field 5+ years experience working on multi person development teams Clear and concise communication skills to articulate a problem and their potential solutions Strong organizational and project management skills, with attention to detail Experience with object-oriented PHP, JavaScript, MySQL, HTML, and CSS Experience with Git or equivalent (SVN) Experience with Jira, GitLAB Experience working with agile and waterfall methodologies Advocate for excellent User Experience and justify your suggestions Appreciation for clean and well documented code Experience working with internal and external stakeholders as part of the product team Demonstrated ability to work collaboratively with other software developers in all aspects of their development Solid understanding of performance and efficiency with a strong customer focus Knowledge or certification of ADA (Americans with Disabilities Act) Knowledge of ARIA (Accessible Rich Internet Applications) Experience building RESTful APIs Experience building GitLab CI/CD and server/deployment automation solutions Experience with Unit Testing, MVC, Twig Experience with Node.js, Vue.js, webpack Comfortable in CLI 
ScrapedJobID675:
Build greenfield financial applications alongside your Adaptive colleagues Use the latest technology to create elegant and robust solutions Contribute to building and releasing quality software on time Use your knowledge to build great-looking, event-driven and highly interactive interfaces Collaborate with server-side developers, user-experience designers and business analysts Participate in a test-driven, agile environment Keep up to date with the developments in technology and quickly adapt to them to achieve better results Extensive client-side development experience, gained while building single-page web applications Expertise in JavaScript: you understand prototypical inheritance, scope, and closures Proficiency in user-interface technologies in addition to JavaScript, eg HTML5 and CSS3; and in React.js Practical knowledge of web tooling such as Webpack, NPM, Yarn, Gulp and PostCSS Understanding of ES6 and newer ES specifications Proficient with Chrome developer tools, including knowing how to diagnose and fix performance issues Experience of working on front office systems Language: English (fluent) Working with distributed teams TypeScript, Rx.js, Redux Event-driven APIs Real time trading experience Strong desire to raise the bar for your team technically Tenacious, curious, and collaborative in all aspects of your work A quick learner with excellent communication skills No politics No cumbersome hierarchy: our teams feel free to speak up, to make suggestions and raise concerns Collaborative team environment: we all work together, respect each other and pitch in Smart, welcoming and motivated colleagues Good work/life balance and Friday beers 
ScrapedJobID676:
Participate in the design and development of SAAS products incl. websites and CRM with innovative features Participate in code reviews and technical discussions, ensuring quality code that functions flawlessly Consult with internal stakeholders to execute innovation projects, ensuring both technical and business requirements are met Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables Identify areas of improvement and process improvements Collaboration with Developers, Designers, Project Managers, QA to deliver high-quality experience Challenge team with new front-end technologies and standards to improve our processes Bachelor's degree in computer science or a related field 5+ years experience working on multi person development teams Clear and concise communication skills to articulate a problem and their potential solutions Strong organizational and project management skills, with attention to detail Experience with object-oriented PHP, JavaScript, MySQL, HTML, and CSS Experience with Git or equivalent (SVN) Experience with Jira, GitLAB Experience working with agile and waterfall methodologies Advocate for excellent User Experience and justify your suggestions Appreciation for clean and well documented code Experience working with internal and external stakeholders as part of the product team Demonstrated ability to work collaboratively with other software developers in all aspects of their development Solid understanding of performance and efficiency with a strong customer focus Knowledge or certification of ADA (Americans with Disabilities Act) Knowledge of ARIA (Accessible Rich Internet Applications) Experience building RESTful APIs Experience building GitLab CI/CD and server/deployment automation solutions Experience with Unit Testing, MVC, Twig Experience with Node.js, Vue.js, webpack Comfortable in CLI 
ScrapedJobID677:
Build greenfield financial applications alongside your Adaptive colleagues Use the latest technology to create elegant and robust solutions Contribute to building and releasing quality software on time Use your knowledge to build great-looking, event-driven and highly interactive interfaces Collaborate with server-side developers, user-experience designers and business analysts Participate in a test-driven, agile environment Keep up to date with the developments in technology and quickly adapt to them to achieve better results Extensive client-side development experience, gained while building single-page web applications Expertise in JavaScript: you understand prototypical inheritance, scope, and closures Proficiency in user-interface technologies in addition to JavaScript, eg HTML5 and CSS3; and in React.js Practical knowledge of web tooling such as Webpack, NPM, Yarn, Gulp and PostCSS Understanding of ES6 and newer ES specifications Proficient with Chrome developer tools, including knowing how to diagnose and fix performance issues Experience of working on front office systems Language: English (fluent) Working with distributed teams TypeScript, Rx.js, Redux Event-driven APIs Real time trading experience Strong desire to raise the bar for your team technically Tenacious, curious, and collaborative in all aspects of your work A quick learner with excellent communication skills No politics No cumbersome hierarchy: our teams feel free to speak up, to make suggestions and raise concerns Collaborative team environment: we all work together, respect each other and pitch in Smart, welcoming and motivated colleagues Good work/life balance and Friday beers 
ScrapedJobID678:
Design and implement new software programs including websites. Maintain and improve the performance of existing software and website. Clearly and regularly communicate with management and technical support colleagues. Design and update software and website' database. Collaborate with database administrators to design appropriate data structures. Implement and maintain the website's security. Design web pages using HTML, CSS, JQuery, and JavaScript, and back-end coding. Design web pages using animations and graphics for Interactive user interface Maintain optimization of the website for different browsers Maintain page loading speed and SEO (Search engine optimization) of the website. Perform other related duties as required. Completion of high school A bachelor’s degree or completion of a college program in computer science, web design, or business is required. Minimum 1 year of professional web design experience is required. Good understanding of Web Designing, SEO, and trends in digital media and e-commerce is an asset. Knowledge in social media marketing is an asset. Excellent written and oral communication skills. 
ScrapedJobID679:
Maintain and build on the system and solution architecture of Service oriented Web Applications; Design solutions tailored on customer requirements; Coach and organize Agile methodology based governance; Participate and prepare governance meetings to provide visibility on project plan and milestone achievements; Interact with different organizations (IT, Core Engineering, Methods, …) to ensure seamless integration of the provided solutions; A university or (technical) college degree in computer development and/or equivalent experience; Strong experience of building system and solution architectures; 5 years of experience in web application development; Good skills in Java or others procedural / functional programming languages; Good skills with web frontend technologies (React, Angular, HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript); Knowledge of SQL Server; Knowledge of Operating Systems (Windows, Linux), virtualization and networking; Experience with PLM (TeamCenter) and ERP (SAP) is an asset; Organized, a good planner and problem solver. Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Application development: 4 years (required) Java: 2 years (required) HTML5: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID680:
An Awesome & Supportive environment Work/Life balance Competitive Salary 4 Weeks of paid vacation Excellent health and dental benefits Work from Home Work with team in providing application design and architecture Deliver quality-focused, predictable, and effective software development processes Analyze and prepare recommendations to address existing and potential enhancements areas in system design Work with development and project team members in technology discussions, decisions, and implementation Design, create, and support architectures that require little change over extended periods of time Strong ability to quickly interpret and transform information into solutions into design and development. Strong ability to quickly interpret and transform information into solutions into design and development Execute and provide feedback regarding architectural and design standards Work with others to ensure ongoing research and prototyping of key technologies Comprehend, analyze, and solve highly complex technical problems involving system functionality, architecture, relational databases and systems integration Plan and implement system changes effectively to effectively build and foster collaborative relationships with people at all levels of the organization Strong ability to quickly interpret and transform information into solutions into design and development. Ability to follow defined business policies, practices and controls to ensure compliance to SOC2 principles. Stay current with and anticipate technology trends 2+ year of experience in Web Application Development. (JavaScript, HTML, CSS, AngularJS, NodeJS and NoSQL.) Working experience with JavaScript, HTML and CSS is required. Working experience with AngualrJS, NodeJS Working experience of JavaScript testing framework Knowledge and understanding of NoSQL databases is an asset. Strong operating system knowledge (Windows and Linux) are required Knowledge of and experience with application security concepts an asset. Experience with Agile methodology an asset. Knowledge and Experience in Machine Learning an asset Experience working with Chrome Developer Tools, and have familiarity with Jenkins and Git Strong communication and customer interfacing skills with particular emphasis on understanding scope and requirements. 
ScrapedJobID681:
A valid degree / diploma in Computer Programming or

 a valid undergraduate degree plus a technology certificate from a verified post-secondary
 institution or training school Minimum of 1 – 2 years software application development experience Understanding of full-stack web development (client-side and server-side) Experience with JavaScript frameworks such as React, Angular, and Node Express Experience working with Databases such as mySQL, MongoDB, or Microsoft SQL Server Experience with server-side programming languages - Microsoft C# .NET , or PHP is required PHP Laravel, .NET 5 knowledge preferred Versioning Tool Software - Git, Mercurial etc. Comfortable using Agile and Scrum Practices and Methodologies Located in Toronto and surrounding area Ability to work onsite at the company office Ability to work offsite at their residence with an adequate high-speed internet connection (COVID-19 consideration) Experience with Development Operations (Dev Ops) tasks such as continuous integration / continuous deployment (CI/CD) in either a Microsoft Azure or Amazon AWS environment a bonus Familiarity with testing frameworks and tools Team player attitude Excellent oral and written communication Demonstrable problem-solving skills using ingenuity, creativity, and resourcefulness Strong analytical and problems solving skills Strong organizational skills with the ability to prioritize activities Ability to work independently with limited supervision or direction Ability to work on multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment Casual Business Attire Company Events Health Benefits Flexible Schedule Three weeks vacation, five personal leave days Twelve days per year education benefits Eight hour flexible time-frame shift (avg. 37.5 – 40.0 hr / week) Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID682:
As a member of the software engineering division, you will take an active role in the definition and evolution of standard practices and procedure Strategic participation in the definition of scalable, self-healing, autonomous platform solutions Provide leadership and expertise in the development of new products/services/processes, frequently operating at the leading edge of technology. Define how to use latest technologies to identify and optimize the operational efficiency for architecture supporting Oracle Hospitality Cloud Service Offerings Perform professional software development tasks associated with the developing, designing and debugging of software applications or operating systems. Drive a customer-first culture that keeps customer at the forefront of decision making Lead a holistic and integrated approach to providing data integrity, information confidentiality and service availability Define and monitor performance indicators BS or MS in Computer Science, or equivalent work experience 5+ years in-depth knowledge of OOPS/Core Java and J2EE development Experience in REST APIs and JavaScript based UI development Knowledge of Micro services-based Cloud Native application development Good knowledge and experience in architecture and designing of complex systems In-depth knowledge in Cloud technologies and would have designed/architected solutions to deploy products in Cloud Knowledge on Cloud infrastructure technologies like AWS, Azure or Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) Solid understanding of effective cloud computing principles Experience designing solutions with security and high performing applications in Cloud Broad, strong technical knowledge which encompasses application operations including deployment, automation, platform architecture, Database, Network, Load-balancing / Clustering and Security Experience in architecture, engineering, deployment and operational management of a best-in-class cloud service offerings Experience developing Secured Enterprise applications (IDCS, SSO, Oauth2, SAML, Spring security, etc.) Worked on server-side performance/monitoring (App-D, EM) and Logging (ELK) measurements and tuning Strong technical acumen; creativity; interpersonal skills; emotional intelligence Detailed knowledge of architectural approaches including consolidation, cloud computing, virtualization, disaster recovery, High Availability, information management, big data, Java applications, Oracle and non-Oracle applications Knowledge of common web application and mobile frameworks Demonstrated expertise in bringing applications to Cloud 
ScrapedJobID683:
Expert at HTML+CSS Expert with Javascript (JQuery, Script.aculo.us, Prototype) Familiarity with cross-browsing and responsive technologies Knowledge of frameworks (Bootstrap, Symfony, PHPCake, Zend, etc) Back-end programming experience Knowledge of PHP or ASP.NET Experience with Different types of Databases (MySQL, MsSQL, etc.) 3+ years of Front End developing and testing Experience working in a formal software development environment Linux, Mac O/S, MySQL, PHP 4/5, Apache/Light HTTP technology experience based on LAMP model 
ScrapedJobID684:
Value working collaboratively Iterate on a design, seeing the potential and where to focus next Evaluate solution alternatives, recognizing and understanding pros and cons Persevere when running into issues Want to share your learning and learn from others Want feedback and want to provide feedback Experience with web development, including Javascript, Jquery, and Ajax C# or other similar programming languages Unit testing SQL Software security fundamentals and common security vulnerabilities Understanding of source control software (e.g. GIT) Experience with Microsoft Development Stack Using HTML to develop webpages Experience processing XML and JSON Test-Driven Development Data Model first design approach Working knowledge of concurrency and multi-threaded applications Payment processing including Credit Card and Electronic Funds Transfers Experience building MVC Web Applications Experience designing and testing RESTful web services Experience integrating APIs Web design principles (e.g. accessibility, responsive design) Web design languages (CSS, SCSS) Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Employee stock purchase plan Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID685:
Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent work experience 3+ Years' experience developing applications in Salesforce using Lighting Experience, Lighting Components, VisualForce, Apex, REST API, SOAP API, Streaming API, Visual Workflows, Workflow rules, Process builder, Triggers, Validation rules, HTML, Javascript and CSS Excellent verbal and written English Skills, demonstrated ability to explain complex technical issues to both technical and non-technical audiences Self-motivated and creative Willing to dig in and aid in development work Knowledge of Salesforce best practices knowledge of object-oriented methodologies and approaches Salesforce Administrator Certification Salesforce Advanced Administrator Certification Salesforce Platform App builder Certification Salesforce Platform Developer Certification Experience developing, maintaining, and innovating large scale, consumer facing web or mobile applications. Familiar with the development challenges inherent with highly scalable and available web applications. Strong background in performance tuning Experience with cloud/Saas applications 
ScrapedJobID686:
Solid understanding of programming and building web applications A desire to do great work with a small team of great people A strong desire to learn new technologies Experience building applications using JavaScript related tools & frameworks Understands, but not necessarily has experience with, Microservice Architecture NodeJS JavaScript (ES6) TypeScript Vue.js MySQL & PostgreSQL HTML5 and CSS3/SCSS Git and GitLab CI/CD Pipelines Rest APIs Google Cloud Platform & Amazon Web Services Writing clean code, good tests, and crafting good documentation where appropriate Delivering high-quality work that adheres to standards and best practices Designing and developing new web-based products and services as well as update and enhance existing products Working on supporting our existing web-based products and services, implementing new features and tests, building and supporting new products & technology Advising on solutions to presented problems (timeframe, hurdles, etc) Communicating significant milestones to Team Leader (new obstacles, distractions, external blockers, etc) 1-2 Years working in a similar role and environment A minimum 2 Years experience with NodeJS, JavaScript (ES6) & Vue.js A degree or diploma in Software Development, Computer Science or a similar/relevant discipline. 2-4 Years experience in a similar role Several years experience with NodeJS, JavaScript (ES6) and Vue.js. Extended health care Monday to Friday DCS / DEC (required) TypeScript, NodeJS & Vue.js: 2 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID687:
Development in custom, Drupal or WordPress Themes creation CSS desktop and mobile integration from mockups hooks, filters and custom codes. WP, JQuery and Javascript development Maintenance of our clients' sites Content integration Participation in project definitions and optimization of our business processes Performance optimization, cache management - Analysis of logs, resources and site optimization in both front end and back end. Management of updates, debug etc. PHP HTML5 / CSS3 / jQuery / Javascript Chrome Console / Developer tools. Responsive integration, breakpoints and Media queries GIT, SSH. Google API (GTM, Analytics, Commerce) Ajax & JSON SEO - SEM Mailchimp integrations Wordpress - Woocommerce - Drupal - Twig ... Graphic creativity Management interfaces Autonomy, rigor and attention to detail Team spirit and dynamism Good ability to evaluate your time and see potential issues in advance Good written and oral communication Able to work on multiple projects at the same time and organize his time. Ability to work with tight deadlines Sense of organization and desire to participate in the improvement of internal processes Number of hours per week: Flexible according to the intership, but ideally 37.5h per week. Status: Internship Job start date: Immediate 2 to 6 months internship Du Lundi au Vendredi Do you live in Montreal (or close to)? Are you available to come work in our office? Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID688:
Define and maintain test plans Test specifications for functional, regression and performance testing Find clear reproduction steps for issues reported by customers Verify builds for quality prior to production deployment Translate high-level business requirements into test scenarios Perform service-level testing on an as-needed basis Become familiar with our codebase and help with smaller development tasks Implement and maintain automated test scripts covering fundamental functions in the application Work closely with engineering teams to discuss risk and risk mitigation Assist in shaping the overall QA process by suggesting improvements, best practices, and new approaches to testing workflow Join the development team after familiarizing with the code base Receive mentorship from the engineering team Lead the QA division as a QA engineer, helping us automate and improve our testing process. Good understanding of general QA methodology Extreme attention to detail Knowledge of relational database concepts and good SQL skills preferred Hands-on experience testing and debugging web-based software Experience with Load, Stress, and Performance testing Ability to work independently Web development / iOS development Javascript, nodejs, vuejs, swift This is a fun and exciting start-up culture that empowers its people to make a huge impact. This is for people, who love the fast-paced growth of a start-up. Join us for the ride of scaling the business out to millions of users. Arternal carries opportunities for fast career advancement. As one of the first few employees of Arternal, you'll have the chance to grow into a leadership position as we expand our team. We are a global company with customers in North America, Europe and Asia. Our development team is headquartered in Toronto, but we have a sales office in New York and Los Angeles. Join us for company gatherings and retreats once a year with the entire team! 
ScrapedJobID689:
Ability to quote on projects Effectively meet client objectives and needs through the use of website design tools Ability to work with cross-functional partners and team members Open and willing to accept constructive feedback from clients and implement solutions to effectively action against feedback Very responsive and attentive throughout the entire timeline of client projects, providing updates to the team Ability to validate functional requirements of each project and provide key recommendations Loves to stay up to date with the latest technology and software to keep ahead of website development trends and changes A minimum of 2 years experience as a website designer or related position Completed or currently completing a business or technology degree at an educational institution Expert in WordPress and related content-management systems Experienced in writing codes: HTML5, CSS3, PHP, JavaScript Experienced with mobile-responsive and cross-browser designs Established background in graphic design tools such as Adobe Creative Suite Extremely detail-oriented and organized Ability to work well under pressure, juggle tasks and work efficiently against tight deadlines Great decision making skills and avid problem-solver Excellent writing, speaking and communication skills Yes 
ScrapedJobID690:
Learn and apply new technologies Work well in a fast-paced, team environment Solve complex problems Design software using Javascript Proficient in front-end web development, including HTML5, CSS3 3+ years experience with JavaScript 2+ years experience developing with front-end JavaScript frameworks such as Angular or React 2+ years experience developing with Java and PHP Must have experience using Git or another version control system in a team setting Central location in downtown Toronto Forward thinking company that is pushing the boundaries of technology Excellent growth opportunity Daytime hours Monday to Friday On the TTC line Excellent Benefits 
ScrapedJobID691:
Lead the website refresh project from the beginning to the end Build and manage webpages from provided design mockups Ensure an SEO-friendly and user-centric approach across the website and other digital/web properties Manage all technical aspects of the Hubspot CMS, ensuring all pages are easily scalable Optimize web pages for maximum page speed and performance Define and document best practices for web development and management Create monthly SEO reports, come up with actionable insights, and execute the next steps based on the data Optimize all of the web pages on an ongoing basis Monitor not only page rankings but also conversion rates Test and troubleshoot pages across multiple browsers and platforms Collaborate with cross-functional teams within the scope of marketing and related initiatives Provide technical direction, scope and the best course of action to all web-based needs Be a technical mentor to the team 2+ years of experience working in web development and user interface design 2+ years of SEO experience Marketing agency experience is a huge asset Previous experience with Hubspot CMS and marketing automation platform is a huge plus. Proven record of successful website management, SEO best practices, PPC campaign management Ability to create/setup Hubspot websites Strong knowledge of HTML and CSS Ability to produce clean, commented, standardized code Enterprise-level project management experience Experience with code review and website QA processes Management of external vendors, agencies per business need Well-versed with analytics reporting (GA), tag management tools (GTM), A/B testing and their functionality Experience of using website and web/digital ecosystem as a primary conversion-focused channel for lead-gen and action-based activities 
ScrapedJobID692:
Database Design Web Content Management Database Connectivity using Advanced Controls Application Development for Android Data Visualization Responsive Site Design Client Needs & Requirements JavaScript Programming Digital Design and User Interaction Full-Stack Programming Design Analysis Web Site Design Ensure student awareness of course objectives, instructional approach, and evaluation systems Carry out regularly scheduled instruction according to the format prescribed for the course, including online, classroom, and computer-assisted lab lessons Evaluate student progress/achievement, assuming responsibility for the overall assessment of the students’ work within the assigned course, and maintain records as required Support students in the use of eConestoga, the learning management system (D2L), as well as maintain course materials within this system Create and maintain a positive learning environment that supports the diversity of students’ cultures, educational backgrounds, and learning styles Collaborate and build relations with other program faculty Subject matter expertise in one or more of the above-mentioned areas Diploma or Bachelor’s Degree in a related field, or a combination of experience with industry credentials will be considered Minimum three plus years of relevant and current industry experience Previous adult or post-secondary level teaching experience is an asset Knowledge of and experience with computer systems (e.g., Microsoft Office Suite) and educational technologies (e.g., D2L) is preferred Demonstrated exceptional presentation, communication, organizational, and interpersonal skills Ability to work independently and collaboratively as part of an academic team Ability to relate to learners and provide a positive learning environment to students working at different skill levels including international students and students requiring accommodation Strong commitment to academic excellence, student success, and ability to support Conestoga’s continuous quality improvement initiatives Strong relationships with industry contacts and network connections are considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID693:
Develop and administer Wordpress sites: upgrade, backup, write plugins, etc. Design, document, develop, test and deploy new products. Support 3rd party service integrations. Collaborate with other departments to develop tools making the company more efficient. Implement best development practices including continuous integration, test automation, data backup and recovery, etc. Share ownership of the product. Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written. Proven record of finishing projects where the work spans several months. 3+ years experience in building and deploying Wordpress websites. 3+ years front-end development experience in PHP/JS/GO/Python/Ruby. Experience in HTML, CSS and JS. Experience with WordPress and WooCommerce. Experience managing sites on DigitalOcean or other SaaS providers. A link to your Github/Gitlab account. Unix shell scripting: grep, sed, awk, bash, etc. Experience participating and contributing to open source projects. Experience with Docker, Stripe and Xero API and VOIP systems. BS degree, or College Diploma in Computer Science or related. Only resumes in PDF format will be reviewed. 8 hour shift WordPress Development: 2 years (preferred) WordPress Maintenance: 3 years (preferred) Javascript (ES6) / Typescript: 2 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID694:
Develop and enhance VimBiz, Vimsoft’s flagship product, which is a suite of Rich, Web and Mobile applications developed using Microsoft .NET and Microsoft SQL Server technologies Work with a team to develop and create simple processes to resolve complex business requirements and to create automation tools to further reduce the user’s workload Create complex functions, stored procedures, triggers, and scripts to support application development Develop techniques to increase performance information processing and accelerate complex queries Post-secondary education in Computer Science/IT, or equivalent job experience Minimum 3 years’ experience as Software Developer Good knowledge of relational databases and database programming languages (T-SQL) Programming experience using Microsoft Visual Studio .NET Experience developing, deploying, or managing applications on Microsoft Azure or other Cloud platforms Skills and experience with technologies such as Web Services, Web Applications, and Xamarin Understanding of business workflows and processes in the media and broadcasting industry Experience working in enterprise software development and client implementation Knowledge of Crystal Reports and/or Microsoft Reporting Services Experience with system integration and interfacing with other applications Multilingual (English, French, Spanish, etc.) 
ScrapedJobID695:
Dental care Extended health care Life insurance RRSP match Store discount Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Are you able to come to our Woodstock, Ontario office as needed? computer programming: 1 year (required) software design, tuning and testing: 1 year (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID696:
Supporting and maintaining web site applications built with PHP, MySQL, HTML, Javascript/JQuery, CSS Building web sites to work seamlessly across multiple browsers and platforms including IE7/8/9, Firefox, Safari, Google Chrome, and Opera on Windows, Mac, and Linux desktops Experience development mobile web sites Writing and executing test plans for web-based software Managing source code with Git source control software Programming and Application Documentation End User Documentation Quality Assurance and Testing web applications University degree or diploma in computer science with 1-3 years experience Advanced object-oriented programming and design skills Strong problem solving and analytical skills Strong quality assurance and testing skills Strong written and oral communication skills Strong knowledge of PHP and MySQL Advanced knowledge of HTML/CSS/Javascript and web standards best-practices Industry certifications and training are an asset Other skills in the areas of web application development, Internet marketing, or web site design are an asset. Experience with Mac OS X is an asset 
ScrapedJobID697:
Post-secondary Education in Design/and or Corporate Branding Minimum of 2 years’ experience in a similar role or capacity Expert ability to hand-code in HTML, CSS and JavaScript for creating, modifying and editing Understanding of custom WordPress themes Take pictures for events, portraits and more Create video and motion graphics for social media purposes Intermediate ability in User Interface and User Experience Design Skillful understanding of PHP, my SQL for creating, modifying and editing Knowledge in website frameworks (Zurb Foundation, Bootstrap) for responsive design Ability to design wireframes and develop front-end code Excellent at adapting to changes and receptive to feedback Very high attention to detail with the ability to meet deadlines under pressure Superior ability maintainprofessionalism and cordiality when working with others Strong ability to take initiative and complete tasks Strong ability to work as a team, with other departments and independently Expert in Adobe Creative Suite applications (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, etc.) Excellent creative abilities for design purposes adhering to the College’s needs Familiarity with Microsoft Office applications Strong proficiency in English Maintain and create new pages for corporate website through Wordpress and hand-coding HTML, CSS and PHP Infuse new ideas for improving UI and UX across the website Fully optimize the new website in terms of mobile usability and site speed Develop wireframes, prototypes, high fidelity mock ups for print and web with ability to transition mock ups into code Create print-ready marketing materials such as viewbooks, flyers, banners, posters, business cards etc. for print production Maintain and uphold all brand standards Perform online data analysis, targeting and positioning for marketing campaign operations, and collaborate with other departments to ensure the digital strategic marketing plan is effectively implemented Create, edit, modify and update current online and offline marketing materials Fully optimize the new website in terms of SEO and mobile usability Create infographics Provide reports on lead conversion, Google Analytics Be a contributing team member for all marketing initiatives involving digital and print Photo editing and manipulation Other duties as assigned by the Web Division Manager Dental care Extended health care RRSP match Vision care Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID698:
Website designing, developing, and maintaining for multiple sites on the Wordpress platform including the utilization of Woocommerce and Google Analytics. Quickly resolve clashes caused by cache, host server, plugin conflicts, bad scripts, etc. Integrating various industry specific SEO strategies into the development / ongoing maintenance of the site. Backlink generation - sourcing qualified external domains to point general anchor links / key term specific anchor links back to the broad domain + specific URLS to increase page ranks across the entire site. On-Site SEO curation - headings, articles, key-term clouds, internal links, product loops, PAGE SPEED, simplified event-calls, etc. On-site content creation (graphic elements for UX - banners, icons, etc. ||| Written content for page-specific UX **about us content, product and service information, FAQ details, etc**) Identifying problems / inefficiencies discovered by user feedback and testing and correcting them for a better UX Documenting changes to current projects for easy reference (changelogs, procedure preferences, etc. Evaluating code to ensure it meets industry standards, is valid, is properly structured, and is compatible with browsers, devices, or operating systems. Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID699:
Driving and owning feature development from inception to completion Collaboration in refining RenoRun's software process Involvement in system level architecture discussions Creating reliable, well-tested code that directly impacts users experience Developing and maintaining RenoRun's Java applications Researching and developing tech stack improvements Working closely with Product, Design, Marketing, Sales, Data Science and other Engineering departments Working remotely with eventual return to an office environment in some capacity post-COVID 5+ years of experience in software development Proficiency in Java Strong understanding on Object Oriented Programming Experience building scalable web applications (architecture, RESTful APIs and database design) Desire to break new ground and innovate in an industry undergoing digital transformation Strong communications skills with the purpose of establishing great relationships Passionate about solving complex problems Experience with iterative development methodologies Experience with the usual tools of the trade Experience with Spring Boot, Hibernate, Spring Data, Elastic Search, Kafka Experience with AWS services Experience with payment processors Experience with monitoring tools Experience using automated testing frameworks and methodologies through CI/CD pipelines Health, dental & vision insurance effective immediately Equity Free access to healthcare professionals via a virtual care application Flexible working environment and schedule - be comfortable working from home Unlimited vacation Save on snacks thanks to our well-stocked kitchen 
ScrapedJobID700:
Analyze user requirements and envision system features and functionality to define objectives Set expectations and priorities throughout development life cycle Design and conduct tests Recommend system solutions by comparing advantages and disadvantages Solve complex performance problems and architectural challenges Develop documentation and assistance tools to support users Must have deep knowledge of Symfony and Doctrine ORM Strong background in PHP, Symfony and MySQL Deep knowledge of front end and back end development API knowledge, OAuth Server Understanding of front-end technologies, such as JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3 Experience with security infrastructure and development Enterprise Software development experience Full stack development experience Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git Strong organization and time management skills At least five years of experience in programming and software development of corporate web applications At least three years of experience utilizing PHP and JavaScript Team leader experience Experience in agile development strategy Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent field 
ScrapedJobID701:
Create responsive web applications using Angular and React Produce HTML/CSS/JavaScript code from design documentation Research and recommend functional libraries to expedite development Recommend the development of an inhouse or Open Source UI Components library Build intuitive DevOps piplines for Single Page Application (SPA) deployments into one of the main cloud providers Automate processes within the DevOps pipeline; identify opportunities for efficiency gains and reducing time-to-market, and enabling continuous delivery Ensure high code quality through automated unit and functional testing Strong attention to detail and understanding of UX and visual design concepts to provide leadership perspective on front and backend technologies and their overall impact on the creative process Scope out project deliverables and formulate a plan for development Work within an Agile product team comprised of technical, product and business team members to deliver exceptional products. 3+ years of experience working on Frontend development Must have hands on experience with Angular development 3+ years of working knowledge with:
HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, TypeScript
React, Angular, Git, Jenkins and CI/CD server HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, TypeScript React, Angular, Git, Jenkins and CI/CD server Silverlight is nice to have Strong communication and organizational skills with an ability to thrive in a fast-paced production deadline-driven environment both internal and client facing Bachelor’s degree (Master’s a plus) in Computer Science or equivalent experience 2 - 4 years of experience with:
Responsive Design methodologies and techniques
CSS Preprocessors (LESS or SASS) Responsive Design methodologies and techniques CSS Preprocessors (LESS or SASS) 3+ years of working knowledge with:
NodeJS
Zeplin, Sketch, Adobe XD NodeJS Zeplin, Sketch, Adobe XD Experience using Agile methodologies for developing applications Experience in creating project estimates, defining scope requirements, and structuring projects Ability to solve complex development problems and produce the highest quality code while striving to push the technical boundaries of online applications Ability to work quickly while maintaining strong attention to detail and accuracy while adhering to W3C and accessibility guidelines You’re excited by the prospect of learning a new technologies as needed. You’ve used or are interested in learning about backend development with Java and Spring Cloud certifications with any major cloud provider: Google, AWS or AZURE for Cloud Platform and Infrastructure 
ScrapedJobID702:
Designs and develops user-centered front-end websites for the Faculty and its departments, creating all visual and creative elements. Conducts regular web audits and site maintenance to ensure effective system performance, Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) compliance, and overall integrity of websites. Provide ongoing technical support and design advice. Proactively identifies ways to improve and optimize the user experience through surveys, user testing, user feedback and google analytics. Collaborates with clients to ensure satisfaction at all stages of design implementation. Graphic Design Conceptualize and execute all graphic elements for our digital marketing channels (display ads, social, newsletters, website, etc.), as well as all print collateral (annual report, undergraduate booklet, awards program, etc.). Responsible for digital illustration and infographics. Continually identify opportunities to create added value, be proactive with innovative ideas and creative solutions. Advise on accompanying content, editorial direction, photography, and graphic design best practices across all platforms. Collaborate with team members, academic and administrative units across campus, and with our community partners and media to conceptualize and execute projects. Successful completion of a post-secondary university degree in Integrated Media, Web and Graphic Design or equivalent discipline. Minimum of two (2) years of recent and related work experience in web and graphic design including: Professional experience designing and maintaining front-end responsive websites including experience with UX, UI, IA, accessibility, QA, and user testing. Professional experience in graphic designing print and digital pieces for a range of target audiences. High level of creativity and capability in all aspects of print production and digital design. Demonstrated ability to conceptualize and design a variety of visually impactful communications products, ranging from print and online publications to promotional marketing campaigns to web and social media channels. Knowledge and understanding of web and graphic designing best practices and principles. Demonstrated experience producing and testing high quality UX design solutions through wireframes, visual and graphic designs, flow diagrams, storyboards, site maps, and prototypes for responsive websites. Expertise in providing artistic direction for visual storytelling through videos, photos, illustrations, infographics, etc. Strong project management, time management, and critical thinking skills. Strong attention to detail. Excellent command of various applications and tools such as Content Management Systems (Adobe CQ), web analytics (Google Analytics), SEO, Adobe Creative Suite (InDesign, Photoshop), and proficient in MS Office and Google Workspace. Excellent creative writing and verbal communication skills. Demonstrated commitment to client service and interpersonal skills. Photography, videography, and video editing skills are an asset. Experience working for a research-intensive academic organization is an asset. Mid-year break that provides two weeks of paid time off in addition to your vacation. Group benefits including health and dental, employee and family assistance programs (EFAP) and more! Tuition waiver for eligible employees and their spouse and/or dependent and Tuition Rebate for eligible employees. Ryerson Retirement Plan (RRPP): A defined benefit pension plan. Access to the Ryerson medical centre directly on campus. Flexible work arrangements And many more! 
ScrapedJobID703:
3-4 years experience React.js. HTMLs CSS JavaScript. Deep understanding of REST principles and experience working with and implementing backend APIs Cloud infrastructure GCP or AWS Experience working on software-as-a-service (SaaS), large-scale distributed systems Web development experience Experience with React Native 
ScrapedJobID704:
Intermediate to senior experience with JavaScript, TypeScript, React, CSS, and other frontend technologies and frameworks. Intermediate to senior experience developing, deploying, and maintaining responsive, single page apps. Intermediate to senior experience debugging, optimizing, and testing (unit/regression/cross-browser) responsive, single page apps. Experience with SOA and REST APIs The type of work. Challenging, stimulating and meaningful work. New and relevant tech stack. We know engineers/developers especially want to work on hard technical and innovative problems. The inspiration from skilled and proven leaders. Entrepreneurial fingerprints on what will be a future billion dollar company anchored in Canada. Culture, team, and the work environment. High degree of autonomy and accountability. High degrees of transparency and high quality communication. Builders Intellectually Curious Ambitious Objective Oriented Supportive Check us out! We gather compensation benchmarking data across BC and Canada’s Tech Industry, and use that data to build a range for our current team and future talent based on skill, capabilities and potential. These positions can range from $85,000-$140,000 CDN based on level of experience, skill, and capacities. So there is always continued conversation around compensation. Benefits. We currently have extended health benefits. Vacation. Unlimited Vacation. We want the team to prioritize wellness and avoid burnout. We want to also give individuals autonomy to choose how and when they take vacation. We understand and respect that everyone’s needs for time off are different, just like our team. Vacation usually falls into 3 categories: recharging, life-event, keeping a work-life balance. just ensure the required work gets done and clear it with your team in advance. In practice we usually see our teams take anywhere from 2-4 weeks a year, and Klue always takes a reasonable approach so we can all continue to benefit from flexibility. Work-life integration: Hybrid work model, flexible working schedules, and a global team. 
ScrapedJobID705:
AWS Angular NodeJS / ExpressJS MS SQL Redis You have a product first mentality You have a strong desire to learn and grow You pride yourself on how efficiently you're able to deliver on requirements You are quick to understand complex logic You try to understand the underlying business requirements, rather than just the technical details You want to do things the right way, not necessarily the easy way You seek out ways to leverage industry standards, frameworks, and tools (where it makes sense), rather than always having to reinvent the wheel Deliver on features required to move the business forward Collaborate with other engineers, design and product to define clear deliverables and establish project milestones Take ownership of features from end to end by going through design, implementation, testing, and maintenance phases Contribute to engineering best practices Identify opportunities to improve existing code or architecture Stay up to date with best practices and emerging technologies 4+ years of experience building REST APIs 4+ years of experience working with relational databases (MSSQL is a plus) 2+ years of experience with NodeJS 2+ years of experience building single page applications Experience with devops automation (e.g. CI/CD, Terraform, etc.) Experience with a Public Cloud Provider (e.g. AWS, Azure, GCP) Care about quality, both in your product design and codebase Strong understanding of ES6 and frontend frameworks (Angular and TypeScript are a plus) Belief in automated tests and taking ownership over the quality of your code Experience working collaboratively, participating in code reviews and being a great teammate 
ScrapedJobID706:
Create responsive websites with extensiveuse of JavaScript (ReactJS, Vue, Angular) Develop WordPress sites, with custom themes and plugins Architect, code and debug problematic code Have experience developing custom WordPress themes and plugins Follow and implement creative designs and experiences Build against popular Web frameworks and APIs Execute general troubleshooting and problem solving Post-secondary degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or related technical discipline MUST have extremely strong development experience with hand-coding in JavaScript Must understand core web accessibility guidelines and why they matter (WCAG 2.0) 2+ years experience with HTML, CSS, JQuery 2+ years experience with PHP/MySQL Experience with Bootstrap, React & jQuery frameworks Experience with WooCommerce is a plus Proficiency with cross-browser/cross-platform issues, DOM and web standards Experience working in a Mac or Unix environment Experience with parsing / writing XML, JSON Comfortable with OO programming Familiar with source code control systems Familiar with web-based testing and QA processes Experience in working within a team environment An excellent ability to communicate with individuals at all levels Ability to build trust and confidence with management and employees 
ScrapedJobID707:
More than 3 years of experience in courseware development. Experience developing courseware using authoring tools such as: Articulate Storyline, Adobe Captivate, Lectora, HTML5. Ability to liaise with Subject Matter experts from: Military/Government/Business. Excellent written and communication skills. Bilingualism (English/French) is an asset. To acquire experience in different critical industries and projects while working for the same company; To have a competitive salary and a great benefits package (dental, life and medical insurance, RRSP matching, sick days, vacation); To access trainings that focus on expanding your knowledge while staying up to date with cutting edge technologies and best practices; To have a clear career development plan that suits your goals; To have the possibility of working abroad through our mobility program thanks to our international presence; To join a dynamic, specialized and fast-growing group where communication is key and where every team member is valued; To be part of a team where having fun is essential (team building events, 5 à 7, Marathon and more!). 
ScrapedJobID708:
Job Knowledge Judgment Teamwork Planning & Organization Customer Service Excellence Communication & Interpersonal Skills Applies technical knowledge and ability to create and produce original artwork and layouts for use in a wide range of media; including but not limited to web, social media, print, publications, outdoor, video, merchandise, sponsorship, events and corporate communications. Develops brand, brand elements and communication themes to support NIC’s strategic direction and communication needs, adhering to style guides, marketing principles and goals. Consults and collaborates with colleagues and clients to understand project objectives and agree on a brief. Develops, implements and maintains style guides and design templates to support the College’s diverse communication needs and media. Coordinates all printing requirements utilizing full knowledge of the printing process (e.g., paper and ink specifications, preparing tenders, pre-press file preparation and all stages of proofing.) Responsible for supporting the Marketing & Future Student Department’s online Service Desk process, working collaboratively with others in the team, to triage requests and respond appropriately, as required. Maintains NIC image collection by coordinating image acquisition, including coordinating external photographers, taking photos and purchasing stock imagery as required. Organizes and maintains marketing department project files to ensure appropriate access. Provides input into software and hardware technology requirements related to graphic design, as required. Adheres to agreed project deadlines and budgets and prioritizes workload to complete. Conducts research independently and contributes as a team member in identifying solutions to both client specific and College-wide design needs. Responsible for ongoing professional development in the field of web/graphic design to ensure knowledge and skills remain current. Performs additional responsibilities and duties as delegated by the Manager, Marketing & Future Students Diploma in Web Design, Graphic Design, Fine Arts in Communication, or a related field. Three years’ direct experience preferably in the Marketing or Communications department of a post-secondary institution or the equivalent combination of recent experience and formal training in a similar environment. 
ScrapedJobID709:
Develop course content that interconnects with the learner’s needs, including interactive exercises and tests Create and maintain courses by adding, deleting and changing course content as appropriate and be flexible enough to keep offerings up-to-date Design storyboards for graphics, animations and video Proofread and edit for style consistency, logic, organization, and rational development of content Confer with project teams and clients to gather technical requirements on instructional methods and materials related to specific course subjects Performing special projects as required Strong communication and organization skills Familiarity with HTML, CSS and JavaScript Familiarity with graphic and video manipulation programs is considered an asset Familiarity with mobile and responsive web development is considered an asset Diploma in web design, multimedia development, or a related field Supported to do the best work of your life Mission to transform the way the world learns Flexible work hours Two paid volunteer days Health and wellness programs Collaborative work environment Various committees including Environmental Advisory Committee and Social Committee And lots of other great benefits 
ScrapedJobID710:
Freedom and a healthy work- life balance– Embrace our flexible work environment with flex hours, telecommuting and digital workspaces. Solve the world’s most significant problems – Be part of exciting and innovative projects. Engaging, challenging, and fast evolving, cutting edge technological environment. Opportunities to advance your career and mentorship programs on a local and global scale. Competitive total rewards package. Profit sharing available. Rewarding vacation entitlement with the opportunity to buy and sell your vacation depending on your lifestyle. Contribute to our social responsibility initiatives focused on access to education, access to technology and sustaining communities and make a positive impact on the community. Participate in our celebrations, social events and offsite business events. Opportunities to contribute your innovative ideas and get paid for them! Employee perks and discounts. Diversity and inclusivity focused. Collaborate with other programmers to create the UI in our new quotation tool. Collaborate with team members to ensure UI depicts the required information from databases and tables. Respond to time sensitive requests while working in an agile environment. Take ownership of tasks to meet deadlines while working independently. Minimum 5 years of working experience in Angular/AngularJS UI Framework. Experience in JavaScript, HTML, CSS3 with AWS certification is a benefit. Must have excellent communication skills and able to function within a team in Agile work environment. Java script CSS3 UI Framework – AngularJS, Angular Unit Testing – Karma, Jasmine, Junit Build Tools – Gulp, Webpack Node/Node-JS Atlassian Bitbucket/Bamboo. Working knowledge of Docker containers. 
ScrapedJobID711:
Contribute to a cross-functional agile team developing and maintaining web sites for some of the biggest names in the financial industry Develop single page applications in React or Vue Produce RESTful API applications in Node.js which adhere to specifications defined in Swagger 2.0/OpenAPI Utilize microservice-style backend applications to retrieve and process complex datasets Create visually stunning client-side rendered charts and graphs Use your knowledge of the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines to produce applications that make content accessible to all users Mentor and learn from developers of all levels, continually building your own skill sets and capabilities in order to help teams achieve their sprint and project goals Partner with our amazing design team to bring our client’s vision to reality Tap into your passion for building intuitive, performant, and secure web experiences to create the next generation of industry leading web sites Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field 3+ years of application development experience Experience developing responsive applications for mobile, tablet, and desktop Applicable experience using the following technologies: JavaScript, HTML, CSS jQuery, Bootstrap, LESS. SASS React, Vue, or Angular Node.js Web Accessibility (WCAG 2.1 AA) NPM, Gulp, Continuous Integration Tools Centralized version control system like Git or Subversion RESTful APIs with Swagger/OpenAPI specifications Ability to work independently or in a team-oriented environment Experience working in an Agile Development environment Strong written and verbal communication and presentation skills Experience working with containers Experience using tools such as GitHub, Jira, Confluence, Jenkins, Artifactory, Consul, and Docker Experience with Continuous Integration and automated testing Knowledge of Financial domain 
ScrapedJobID712:
Language = JavaScript Runtime = NodeJS Application Framework = Meteor UI Framework = Bootstrap View Layer = React & Blaze Web service layer = Apollo / GraphQL Database = MongoDB IDE = Microsoft Visual Studio Source Control = GitHub Detail orientated because the sites must exactly match client specifications. Proven ability to organize workload and manage multiple, sometimes conflicting, priorities. Complete assigned tasks on time in the manner they were requested. Work effectively within a team environment, including business resources. Acts as a resource for other software engineers, QA analyst, and the business team. Has experience working in an Agile Scrum SDLC environment. 4+ years of experience developing and supporting websites using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, NodeJS, Meteor, React, Blaze and Apollo / GraphQL. 1+ years of experience in using MongoDB, Visual Studio and GitHub. Strong oral and written communications skills. Outstanding troubleshooting and technical support skills. Thrives in a fast-paced environment. Dedicated team player. Able to solve understand and complex problems. Adaptability: Appropriately reacting to changing situations without a loss of effectiveness or enthusiasm for strategic initiatives and corporate goals. Analysis: Identifying problems and their cause, analyzing how processes and procedures could be improved, collecting relevant information, and identifying possible solutions. Attention to Detail: Appropriately completing all assigned tasks accurately and according to requested guidelines, with an emphasis on reaching or exceeding client expectations. Creativity: Being inventive, imaginative, and innovative. Energy: Maintaining a fast, active pace in the normal course of a day. Flexibility: Going into situations without preconceived notions with a willingness to assess various options to determine a course of action. Integrity: Strict adherence to job-related standards, values, or norms. Learning Ability: Understanding and applying new information. Listening: Hearing and comprehending verbal messages and confirming back to the speaker what you heard. Team Player: Functioning as an active member of a group while maintaining focus on your individual contributions and responsibilities. Verbal & Written Communication: Effective oral, written, and nonverbal expression without preparation. Position requires no significant manual labor. Position does require moderate standing, sitting, carrying, and walking. Position requires infrequent lifting, repetitive bending and/or moving.#LI-DNI 
ScrapedJobID713:
Evaluate the programming needs of Poudre Noire’s current and future clients Take part in the decision process to determine which technology to adopt Work in collaboration with the front-end and design teams Develop and program innovative solutions that meet project expectations Stay cool and have a sense of humour A certificate or Bachelor’s degree in computing or a related field Comprehensive understanding of PHP language Experience in Angular JS (an asset) Experience in CMS WordPress (an asset) Resourceful, independent, and flexible Ability to successfully juggle multiple projects at a time Ability to work in a team Full-time position Salary TBD, based on experience Only selected candidates will be contacted 
ScrapedJobID714:
8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID715:
Casual dress Dental care Discounted or free food Extended health care Paid time off Vision care 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday Location: Windsor, ON Secondary School (required) programming: 3 years (required) No 
ScrapedJobID716:
Play a critical role in developing and maintaining our loaning and client management software which utilizes C# Windows form frontend with a SQL backend Work within a small development team using an Agile approach to software development Follow service requests through the entire software development lifecycle, from inception and planning to development and finally user acceptance testing, staging and eventually release Track and troubleshoot issues received and provide support for our front-line staff when it comes to software errors and questions Play a proactive role in code optimization to improve performance Demonstrate a strong understanding of data structures, logic, and algorithm skills, and a broad understanding of the .Net Framework. Work with 3rd parties to integrate software and/or transfer information as required Create and manage unit-tests to validate that the software does what it was intended to do Extract, visualize and provide data reports to business units so they can use the knowledge to make informed business decisions. Work directly with other Programmers, Project Manager, Business Analyst, Project Consultant to develop and manage our core products and systems. Program and test complex scenarios under pressure that involves multiple systems with multiple stakeholders. Ensure adherence to security procedures and protocols. Recommend and implement industry best coding practices. Produce and maintain documentation for our system and subsystems. Provided work estimates and status updates to managers, architect and stakeholders. Monday to Friday Software development: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID717:
or equivalent experience Restaurant and food service Confer with clients to identify and document requirements Conduct business and technical studies Design, develop and implement information systems business solutions Provide advice on information systems strategy, policy, management and service delivery Assess physical and technical security risks to data, software and hardware Develop and implement policies and procedures throughout the software development life cycle Write, modify, integrate and test software code Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Lead and co-ordinate multidisciplinary teams to develop Website graphics, content, capacity and interactivity Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Develop policies, procedures and contingency plans to minimize the effects of security breaches Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Conduct reviews to assess quality assurance practices, software products and information systems Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls Criminal record check Computer Internet access Cellular phone Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Standing for extended periods Tight deadlines Media advertising Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Accurate Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Judgement Organized 
ScrapedJobID718:
Collaborate with other Committee members to identify business needs to inform website design and functionality Conceptualize visuals based on requirements; design and build front-end website and create website architecture Design and manage website back-end including database and server integration Leverage WordPress to generate themes and plugins Troubleshoot content issues and update content on the live website Attend committee meetings and contribute to general operations and strategy discussions Familiarity with web design software and technologies including WordPress A keen eye for aesthetics and details Highly organized and resourceful Ability to work collaboratively in a team setting Passionate about using your expertise as a part of an organization that gives back to local children What skills or experiences are you hoping to gain through this volunteer opportunity at Daytrippers Children's Charity? 
ScrapedJobID719:
Working with clients to help define business problems and designing the technical solutions to meet their needs. Architecting and developing web and mobile applications end-to-end. Supporting other team members regularly through reviewing their work, pair programming and promoting Normative processes. Working closely with design, research & strategy focused team members to find creative technical solutions using modern client-side, server-side and SOA technology. Working collaboratively with other disciplines aiming to problem solve as a team vs. as an individual. Working with other development team members to share responsibilities. Mentoring junior candidates both technically, and in dealing with ambiguous projects. Work in cross-disciplinary teams of people, helping them do successful work and grow as practitioners. Flexible hours and a remote first culture 5 weeks paid vacation per year Competitive medical, dental and vision benefits for you and your family, including access to a wide range of mental health services Allowance for purchasing work from home gear The latest generation MacBooks and Apple accessories Individual allowance to enable pursuing professional development Mentorship Experience in different stacks & applications including many greenfield projects Support in growing your work experience and portfolio Support with your professional goals and growth Consistent and constructive feedback to build a strong rapport, communication, and team culture Comprehensive health benefits Parental Leave 5 weeks paid vacation Equitable compensation package & review process Extensive experience with at least one JavaScript front-end framework (React, Vue, Angular, etc.) - We use React.js extensively. Strong experience with CSS with an interest in design systems. Experience with modern testing frameworks (Jest, Cypress, Mocha, etc) Able to manage timelines, quality and delivery. Experience with architecting and scaling applications. Some UX design experience with a strong sense of good UX practices. Significant, demonstrable experience mentoring and supporting either junior or intermediate team members. Can provide effective code reviews. Being comfortable leading through ambiguity. Ability to share your skills with other team members and contribute to learning as a group. Experience working on server side solutions using Node.js, Rails, Ember.js or other modern frameworks. Experience with TypeScript. Experience with modern DevOps (Docker, AWS, Heroku, etc.). Experience managing teams. 
ScrapedJobID720:
Build and release a web application that meets requirements. Manage individual project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables Operate in a quick-paced agile environment A solid foundation in Computer Science with an understanding of data structures, algorithms, and software design Experience designing and implementing Entity-Relationship diagrams with PostgreSQL Knowledge of CSS, Python, and other open-source languages Strong spoken and written English skills Evidence of a strong work ethic and ability to work in small teams or individually Writes clean, readable code Willingness to learn Self-motivated Experience with the following: React.js, Apollo Client, Graphene, Django, AWS tools (Cognito, Amplify) Understanding of animation frameworks such as Framer-Motion Other spoken languages (French, Spanish, Mandarin) Understanding of Figma or similar UX designing platform Flexible, your commitment will be reflected in your compensation. Currently, equity distribution aims to secure funding in the near future following growth. Profit sharing Stock options Work from home Monday to Friday Do you have any experience with AWS architecture (E.g. Cognito, Amplify, Lambda)? Do you have experience with serverless development? Do you have experience with relational or non-relational databases (E.g. DynamoDB, Postgres) Do you have experience with Agile Development? How much experience do you have in front-end scripting languages (E.g. CSS, JavaScript, React) How much experience do you have in Python development? Full Stack Development: 1 year (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID721:
Must-Have Nice-to-Have Bonus pay Commission pay Casual dress Flexible schedule 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID722:
Sublime Text Adobe Acrobat Reader Adobe Illustrator Adobe Photoshop Shockwave Flash Adobe Premiere Pro Consulting firm Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Prepare mock-ups and storyboards Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls PHP Java JavaScript Public transportation is available Fast-paced environment Attention to detail Tight deadlines Internet Extranet Intranet Servers Programming software Web service design Programming languages Website creation and management software MS Office Desktop applications Computer-aided design (CAD) Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Organized Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID723:

ScrapedJobID724:
Analyze user requirements and envision system features and functionality to define objectives Set expectations and priorities throughout development life cycle Design and conduct tests Recommend system solutions by comparing advantages and disadvantages Solve complex performance problems and architectural challenges Develop documentation and assistance tools to support users Must have deep knowledge of Symfony and Doctrine ORM Strong background in PHP, Symfony and MySQL Deep knowledge of front end and back end development API knowledge, OAuth Server Understanding of front-end technologies, such as JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3 Experience with security infrastructure and development Enterprise Software development experience Full stack development experience Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git Strong organization and time management skills At least five years of experience in programming and software development of corporate web applications At least three years of experience utilizing PHP and JavaScript Team leader experience Experience in agile development strategy Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent field 
ScrapedJobID725:
Development in custom, Drupal or WordPress Themes creation CSS desktop and mobile integration from mockups hooks, filters and custom codes. WP, JQuery and Javascript development Maintenance of our clients' sites Content integration Participation in project definitions and optimization of our business processes Performance optimization, cache management - Analysis of logs, resources and site optimization in both front end and back end. Management of updates, debug etc. PHP HTML5 / CSS3 / jQuery / Javascript Chrome Console / Developer tools. Responsive integration, breakpoints and Media queries GIT, SSH. Google API (GTM, Analytics, Commerce) Ajax & JSON SEO - SEM Mailchimp integrations Wordpress - Woocommerce - Drupal - Twig ... Graphic creativity Management interfaces Autonomy, rigor and attention to detail Team spirit and dynamism Good ability to evaluate your time and see potential issues in advance Good written and oral communication Able to work on multiple projects at the same time and organize his time. Ability to work with tight deadlines Sense of organization and desire to participate in the improvement of internal processes Number of hours per week: Flexible according to the intership, but ideally 37.5h per week. Status: Internship Job start date: Immediate 2 to 6 months internship Du Lundi au Vendredi Do you live in Montreal (or close to)? Are you available to come work in our office? Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID726:
Supporting and maintaining web site applications built with PHP, MySQL, HTML, Javascript/JQuery, CSS Building web sites to work seamlessly across multiple browsers and platforms including IE7/8/9, Firefox, Safari, Google Chrome, and Opera on Windows, Mac, and Linux desktops Experience development mobile web sites Writing and executing test plans for web-based software Managing source code with Git source control software Programming and Application Documentation End User Documentation Quality Assurance and Testing web applications University degree or diploma in computer science with 1-3 years experience Advanced object-oriented programming and design skills Strong problem solving and analytical skills Strong quality assurance and testing skills Strong written and oral communication skills Strong knowledge of PHP and MySQL Advanced knowledge of HTML/CSS/Javascript and web standards best-practices Industry certifications and training are an asset Other skills in the areas of web application development, Internet marketing, or web site design are an asset. Experience with Mac OS X is an asset 
ScrapedJobID727:
Bonus pay Dental care Vision care Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 Remote interview process Virtual meetings 
ScrapedJobID728:
Capgemini is seeking a UI Developer with Hands on software development experience working on Multi-tier Web based applications and JavaScript. Excellent React UI development skills also including HTML5 JavaScript Typescript CSS. Good knowledge of design patterns with excellent problem solving skills. Professional precise communication skills with client interaction. Education – Bachelor’s Degree Years of experience – 4-5 years 
ScrapedJobID729:
A valid degree / diploma in Computer Programming or

 a valid undergraduate degree plus a technology certificate from a verified post-secondary
 institution or training school Minimum of 1 – 2 years software application development experience Understanding of full-stack web development (client-side and server-side) Experience with JavaScript frameworks such as React, Angular, and Node Express Experience working with Databases such as mySQL, MongoDB, or Microsoft SQL Server Experience with server-side programming languages - Microsoft C# .NET , or PHP is required PHP Laravel, .NET 5 knowledge preferred Versioning Tool Software - Git, Mercurial etc. Comfortable using Agile and Scrum Practices and Methodologies Located in Toronto and surrounding area Ability to work onsite at the company office Ability to work offsite at their residence with an adequate high-speed internet connection (COVID-19 consideration) Experience with Development Operations (Dev Ops) tasks such as continuous integration / continuous deployment (CI/CD) in either a Microsoft Azure or Amazon AWS environment a bonus Familiarity with testing frameworks and tools Team player attitude Excellent oral and written communication Demonstrable problem-solving skills using ingenuity, creativity, and resourcefulness Strong analytical and problems solving skills Strong organizational skills with the ability to prioritize activities Ability to work independently with limited supervision or direction Ability to work on multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment Casual Business Attire Company Events Health Benefits Flexible Schedule Three weeks vacation, five personal leave days Twelve days per year education benefits Eight hour flexible time-frame shift (avg. 37.5 – 40.0 hr / week) Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID730:
Work as part of a team (4-8 engineers) to build features for one of our products Create reusable frontend components that can be shared with other teams Write tests to validate that your frontend components behave as expected Work with the product owner and design to understand the “why” for building features Participate in code reviews (through GitHub pull requests) Pair with other engineers to share knowledge or help resolve any blocking issues Participate in sprint activities (planning, refinement/estimation, reviews, and retros) 2-3 years of experience working with a modern frontend framework (Ember, React, Vue) Understand HTML, CSS, and Javascript fundamentals and semantics Understand and experience with front-end development tools, NPM, Yarn, Babel, etc. Comfortable breaking down wireframes/mocks into reusable components Experience integrating with RESTful APIs Familiar with Git and GitHub Bonus: Experience using a CSS preprocessor, such as Sass Great communication skills, written and verbal Motivated leader, and team player Ember.js written in JavaScript (some TypeScript) CSS/Sass with Storybook QUnit for writing tests JSON:API for backend API requests Deployed to AWS (Dockerized using ECS) Jira, Slack, Zoom for communication Git, GitHub 
ScrapedJobID731:
Create astronomical analysis software from requirements. Expand and maintain databases that store information from software outputs. Develop and maintain web applications that serve these databases to remote users. Document computer code and database schema. Research new packages and libraries as needed to complete development objectives. Create and execute software tests (regression testing). Maintain their code within the CIRADA codebase. Create and manage virtual machines. Create tutorials, architecture documents, and presentations of the software components developed in the project. Attend meetings with supervisor and the CIRADA development team. Commit computer code to a central repository, integrating contributions with other developers. Communicate with other developers at the University of Alberta and external sites as needed to manage individual development tasks. Experience working with python, python visualization (matplotlib), and numerical analysis packages in python (numpy, scipy). Database integration and maintenance experience, in particular mySQL; Experience working with development within the Django web framework; and Experience working with collaborative software development and source control software (git); Experience working with debugging, optimizing, and performance testing of software; Ability to work independently with minimal supervision; Demonstrated ability to learn and adapt to new technologies; Experience working with astronomical images or radio interferometry. 
ScrapedJobID732:
10 years of software development experience either in JAVA or .NEt Strong experience developing in JavaScript, jQuery and other popular JS frameworks and libraries, including HTML5 and CSS3 Experience with planning and developing API endpoints Experience using OAuth standard Experience with client and server side NODEJS Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID733:
Creating/modifying the look, layout, feel, functionality and features of front-end web portals and Power BI dashboards. Interfacing front end GUIs with data from Microsoft SQL Server database and/or AWS Redshift data tables. Work with clients and project managers to support user interface design and user experience design of web portals. Determine appropriate architecture, and other technical solutions, and make relevant recommendations. Develop and maintain robust Webstyle guides for all consumer and business-facing products. Operate within a team environment delegating workload with other individuals and external partners. Work within an agile development framework in defining and prioritizing sprint plans. 6 years experience in relevant field. Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field, or significant equivalent experience. Three years minimum experience with HTML/XHTML and CSS. Three years minimum experience with developing data analytic graphical interfaces and infographic dashboards (UI/UX design). Extensive experience in development using the Python web framework Django. Experience in programming and systems development and design. Experience in web development using MVC framework. Experience trouble shooting and resolving technical issues. Strong proficiency in Python/SQL. Comfort in collaborative development using source code control (git). Experienced with Power BI. Knowledge of SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) packages. Experienced with Amazon AWS architecture and cloud-based solutions. Knowledge of browser compatibility across multiple platforms and devices. 
ScrapedJobID734:
Implement applications and merge related data Create seamless content management systems Build websites that dazzle both the client and the end user Create mobile solutions and apps Continuously improve application architecture Graduate of or enrolled within a university computer science program 1-2 years professional development, work placements or related industry experience Development in Drupal 6.x and Drupal 7.x; custom themes and views creation Excellent CSS3 skills to customize existing themes or create new themes Proven experience in web development: PHP, CSS3, HTML5, JS, and AJAX Working knowledge of graphic design tools such as Photoshop for integration Proficient in cross browser testing and development using all current browsers Strong educational background in software development Knowledge of MySQL an asset Mobile smartphone development experience (iPhone, Blackberry, and/or Android devices) Experience with Subversion and/or Git Setting up and running LAMP and IIS servers Excellent organizational skills and working knowledge of standard office software suites Knowledge of project management and software development life cycles Understanding of quality assurance, testing & development protocols Excellent interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills Ability to work independently and effectively as part of a team Detail oriented, ensuring accuracy of information, objectivity and advanced research capabilities Ability to work in a fast paced, demanding, challenging and multi-tasking environment Customer service oriented, creative problem solving skills A sense of humour and a positive energy 
ScrapedJobID735:
The position is permanent, full-time. We're open to developers with several years of practical team experience which should include leadership roles. Variety of work is appreciated. The Voices team is located in London, Ontario Canada, but you could be elsewhere in Canada. You will help design technical solutions for business problems presented by our Product Team. You will work on the Voices web application UI, backend controls, APIs & app logic, special architecture projects, and everything in between. PHP and vanilla JS (and sometimes Node.js) are our primary languages. Familiarity with modern PHP & JS is a bonus. You should be able to plan and lead team sprints and projects through estimation and cooperative research. You will have the opportunity to develop new features and find ways to improve the product. Sometimes these features will span multiple teams for an all-hands approach. You will also handle internal support conversations, investigate trouble tickets, and contribute to occasional infrastructure projects. You should also be comfortable with helping expand the knowledge of your colleagues and help them develop highly functional, efficient, and readable code. Guiding technical solution planning for sprints and small projects. Designing work packages for your team that match up business and technical requirements. Creating task tickets (Jira) to reliably deliver quality products. Ensuring that your team meets compliance rules for security and accessibility. Building customer-facing and internal user interfaces with CSS from LESS/SASS, HTML & JS. Creating and extending an MVC application using PHP frameworks (CodeIgniter, Laravel) and occasional scripts. Other technologies also play a role. Applying your knowledge of accessibility standards (AODA, WCAG) and site security (OWASP) to improve life for our users. Testing your work for performance and bottleneck improvements. Building or extending our internal APIs and 3rd-party integrations (Salesforce, S3, SQS, and other AWS services). Working with multiple Git branches, writing and reviewing Pull Requests (BitBucket), and pushing production-level code regularly and on a schedule. Oversee the preparation of the test and release plan for your work by creating DB migration scripts and collaborating with the testing team. Helping to maintain our internal component library & design system, and contribute to build scripts (Gulp, Webpack, Babel). Building new product pages and functionality for our website and documenting projects (Confluence). Writing and updating technical documentation and requirements. Reviewing and triaging support conversations. Fixing bugs and following up with our Product and Support teams. Collaborating via Slack, Figma, and regular video or in-person chats. You want to ship regularly. Your passion is to build end-to-end software. You always want to improve and learn. You understand the importance of quality code. Your code is documented, understandable and predictable. Tests are written with confidence. You’re comfortable with a varied stack. You have production-level experience with JavaScript, PHP, React, build & migration scripts, and even asynchronous queues. You can explain your thinking. You are able to communicate your ideas or issues well. Your goal is to build for everyone. You are skilled in developing front-ends from scratch to create valid, reusable, performant, and accessible pages at all screen sizes. You are self-motivated and can work independently. You take the initiative to make sure that you have everything you need and will call for support when required. You love learning. You thrive on solving problems, learning new tricks, bridging the gaps between new and old, and want to keep getting even better. You love sharing. Helping your team based on your experience is time well spent. You have 3+ years experience in database-driven web site development. You have been able to lead a team to a positive, shared goal. You earned a BS or MS in Computer Science, Diploma in Web Development or have the equivalent work experience. Development Manager Technical Project Managers Product Managers Product Designers UX Researchers Product & Marketing Developers Infrastructure Developers Analytics & Data Science Team Quality Assurance Team Voices had all of our colleagues working from home with their laptops, monitor, accessories includes their ergonomic chairs by Monday March 16th, 2020 We hold virtual huddle every Monday and bi-weekly virtual Town Halls We care about the mental health of our colleagues through our EFAP program and human connection through our optional virtual social events such as meditation, stretching, games, happy hours, etc. 
ScrapedJobID736:
Implement applications and merge related data Create seamless content management systems Build websites that dazzle both the client and the end user Create mobile solutions and apps Continuously improve application architecture Graduate of or enrolled within a university computer science program 1-2 years professional development, work placements or related industry experience Development in Drupal 6.x and Drupal 7.x; custom themes and views creation Excellent CSS3 skills to customize existing themes or create new themes Proven experience in web development: PHP, CSS3, HTML5, JS, and AJAX Working knowledge of graphic design tools such as Photoshop for integration Proficient in cross browser testing and development using all current browsers Strong educational background in software development Knowledge of MySQL an asset Mobile smartphone development experience (iPhone, Blackberry, and/or Android devices) Experience with Subversion and/or Git Setting up and running LAMP and IIS servers Excellent organizational skills and working knowledge of standard office software suites Knowledge of project management and software development life cycles Understanding of quality assurance, testing & development protocols Excellent interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills Ability to work independently and effectively as part of a team Detail oriented, ensuring accuracy of information, objectivity and advanced research capabilities Ability to work in a fast paced, demanding, challenging and multi-tasking environment Customer service oriented, creative problem solving skills A sense of humour and a positive energy 
ScrapedJobID737:
The position is permanent, full-time. We're open to developers with several years of practical team experience which should include leadership roles. Variety of work is appreciated. The Voices team is located in London, Ontario Canada, but you could be elsewhere in Canada. You will help design technical solutions for business problems presented by our Product Team. You will work on the Voices web application UI, backend controls, APIs & app logic, special architecture projects, and everything in between. PHP and vanilla JS (and sometimes Node.js) are our primary languages. Familiarity with modern PHP & JS is a bonus. You should be able to plan and lead team sprints and projects through estimation and cooperative research. You will have the opportunity to develop new features and find ways to improve the product. Sometimes these features will span multiple teams for an all-hands approach. You will also handle internal support conversations, investigate trouble tickets, and contribute to occasional infrastructure projects. You should also be comfortable with helping expand the knowledge of your colleagues and help them develop highly functional, efficient, and readable code. Guiding technical solution planning for sprints and small projects. Designing work packages for your team that match up business and technical requirements. Creating task tickets (Jira) to reliably deliver quality products. Ensuring that your team meets compliance rules for security and accessibility. Building customer-facing and internal user interfaces with CSS from LESS/SASS, HTML & JS. Creating and extending an MVC application using PHP frameworks (CodeIgniter, Laravel) and occasional scripts. Other technologies also play a role. Applying your knowledge of accessibility standards (AODA, WCAG) and site security (OWASP) to improve life for our users. Testing your work for performance and bottleneck improvements. Building or extending our internal APIs and 3rd-party integrations (Salesforce, S3, SQS, and other AWS services). Working with multiple Git branches, writing and reviewing Pull Requests (BitBucket), and pushing production-level code regularly and on a schedule. Oversee the preparation of the test and release plan for your work by creating DB migration scripts and collaborating with the testing team. Helping to maintain our internal component library & design system, and contribute to build scripts (Gulp, Webpack, Babel). Building new product pages and functionality for our website and documenting projects (Confluence). Writing and updating technical documentation and requirements. Reviewing and triaging support conversations. Fixing bugs and following up with our Product and Support teams. Collaborating via Slack, Figma, and regular video or in-person chats. You want to ship regularly. Your passion is to build end-to-end software. You always want to improve and learn. You understand the importance of quality code. Your code is documented, understandable and predictable. Tests are written with confidence. You’re comfortable with a varied stack. You have production-level experience with JavaScript, PHP, React, build & migration scripts, and even asynchronous queues. You can explain your thinking. You are able to communicate your ideas or issues well. Your goal is to build for everyone. You are skilled in developing front-ends from scratch to create valid, reusable, performant, and accessible pages at all screen sizes. You are self-motivated and can work independently. You take the initiative to make sure that you have everything you need and will call for support when required. You love learning. You thrive on solving problems, learning new tricks, bridging the gaps between new and old, and want to keep getting even better. You love sharing. Helping your team based on your experience is time well spent. You have 3+ years experience in database-driven web site development. You have been able to lead a team to a positive, shared goal. You earned a BS or MS in Computer Science, Diploma in Web Development or have the equivalent work experience. Development Manager Technical Project Managers Product Managers Product Designers UX Researchers Product & Marketing Developers Infrastructure Developers Analytics & Data Science Team Quality Assurance Team Voices had all of our colleagues working from home with their laptops, monitor, accessories includes their ergonomic chairs by Monday March 16th, 2020 We hold virtual huddle every Monday and bi-weekly virtual Town Halls We care about the mental health of our colleagues through our EFAP program and human connection through our optional virtual social events such as meditation, stretching, games, happy hours, etc. 
ScrapedJobID738:
Provide UX/UI mock-ups and analysis (wireframes) to web developers during site improvement projects; Create and send out retail and consumer newsletters; Develop graphic concepts adapted to various platforms and digital advertising campaigns; Adapt and integrate landing pages using CMS such as WordPress, HubSpot and others; Support the Web Marketing team with HubSpot, WordPress, FlippingBook, SurveyMonkey; Support new product launches; Perform performance and content monitoring on the various Kimpex sites. Bachelor's degree in graphic design or any combination of design and digital marketing (web, media) focused education; 3 to 5 years of experience; Proficiency in HTML (HTML5), CSS (CSS3) and Javascript (jQuery); Experience in e-commerce design, mobile and responsive design; Knowledge of Adobe suite (XD, Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Acrobate, Dreamweaver), Hubspot, PHP and WordPress; Asset: Bilingual; Fluent in French and English, both spoken and written. Permanent full-time position You'll be joining a team that's committed to solving day-to-day issues, but always in a pleasant work environment! The best of both worlds: the resources of a large company and a family-like atmosphere A team that is passionate, attentive and committed to excellence A dynamic and stimulating work environment Flexible schedules that allow you to balance your work and your personal life Group insurance (different plans adapted to your needs) Registered Retirement Savings Plan with employer contributions Employee and Family Assistance Program Social activities 
ScrapedJobID739:
Improve and maintain our internal developer and user facing tool sets and web applications Develop and improve network visualizations, management and configuration dashboards Develop new tools for database user administration and metrics visualization dashboards on engagement and mobile app usage Work with our UX team to draft new designs for our products Apply front-end productization features such as improved security, token handling, session management and other best practices as per OWASP v4.0 spec Experience with ReactJS preferred, but other front-end framework experience is also desirable (Angular, Vue, etc.) Expertise in CSS and modern layouts is key: CSS Grid, Flexbox, SASS/LESS Ability to write responsive layouts/break points and draft designs with our UX team Proficiency with command line tools Expertise with version control with GIT Ability to work cross functionally and own your projects, ticket your own milestones and releases Proficiency in writing and supporting your documentation for the tools you own Ability to ticket and manage your work using Jira Ability to write CSS animations Knowing your way around Docker and Docker Compose Familiarity with Accessibility Best Practices Knowing how to leverage CSS3 for advanced user interface interactions Experience with NodeJS and writing REST APIs Familiarity with OAuth and JSON Web Tokens Skill in developing and maintaining a front-end testing pipeline Experience with Puppeteer to automate UI testing 
ScrapedJobID740:
2+ years of experience designing products and advertisements that can be seen in the wild. Proficient with craft-specific tools like Illustrator, Photoshop, and Figma. Comfortable working on your own or in a team, communicating directly with stakeholders and collaborating with project teams. You enjoy increasing other people’s design literacy. You are adaptable and enjoy evolving how you work to ensure productive work cycles. You actively participate in working sessions and look forward to iterating on concepts. Remote-friendly environment, for all roles (or work from our HQ in Ottawa). Transparent leadership. For example, check out our commitment to fair, equitable, and transparent pay, and our Compensation Strategy. A tightly-knit team of people who are serious about our work, but not so serious about ourselves. $1,500 professional development budget (use $750 to fit up your home office). Flexible dental & medical benefits 5 weeks of Paid Time Off 
ScrapedJobID741:
Competitive compensation package including overtime pay and annual bonus Flexible health benefits plan after 12 weeks; including Medical, Life Insurance, Accidental Death & Dismemberment Insurance and a Health Care Spending Account 12-Paid vacation days, including 1-week in July Voluntary Registered Retirement Savings Plan (RRSP) or a Tax-Free Savings Account (TFSA), conveniently funded by Team Member payroll contributions Vitality Wellness App that encourages and rewards you for leading a healthier lifestyle Company Diversity and Inclusion business partnering groups Employee Vehicle Discounts Build friendly and long-lasting relationships through social events and an on-site fitness facility Work closely with business groups to define requirements and direction for supported applications Collaborate with the Agile development team to maintain and develop software applications Participate in weekly sprint planning, backlog refinement and daily scrum meetings Analyze business conditions to create application requirements and designs Integrate with external systems based on business requirements Participate in onsite and after-hours support rotations Provide technical guidance to a team of Developers (contractors) Potential travel to Toyota Plants in North and South America supporting application deployment and maintenance Bachelor's Degree or College Diploma in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent degree/diploma is required; equivalent combination of education and relevant experience would be considered Minimum 1 to 3 years relevant experience is required Demonstrated applied software development experience Strong verbal and written communication skills, ability to communicate and document complex technical systems and decisions Strong team player with the ability to engage with all levels of the organization Highly organized and able to balance many concurrent assignments and negotiate with customer groups to follow tasks through to conclusion Ability to provide on-call support rotation for critical manufacturing applications and systems Willing to support daily and weekend overtime requirements as needed Must be flexible to work in Cambridge and/or Woodstock plant locations Possible travel within North America as well as Overseas (less than 10% per year) .Net development (C#, ASP.Net, WPF), Web Services (SOAP, WCF, REST), Angular web development, MVC, MVP, MVVM, object-oriented design patterns, MSMQ, SQL/PLSQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL Experience in an Agile Software Development Demonstrated ability to manage the software development life cycle Well versed in the system design process including design of use cases, testing and implementation 
ScrapedJobID742:
Debug, build, and deploy GasBuddy.com and relevant web projects Collaborate and maintain a high standard of communication with team members, designers, product managers to provide end-to-end solutions Develop in a full-stack software system which includes web applications, REST APIs, and microservices Encourage and uphold best practices for web development, including (but not limited to) writing clean and performant code, developing responsive code, and applying accessibility standards Implement practical solutions for large-scale problems as well as everyday quality of life issues Write integration tests for newly implemented code to maintain product integrity Create and review pull requests on a daily basis BA/BS in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent professional experience 2+ years experience building web applications using React including (but not limited to) personal side projects, school projects, and more Ability to interact with peers, both locally and remote, in a positive, confident, and professional manner Excellent communication skills to deliver verbal and written information for both technical and non-technical users Ability to work effectively both autonomously and while on a team in a fast-paced work environment Strong knowledge of modern frontend JavaScript frameworks, for example: React, Angular, Ember, or Backbone Experience working with Node.js, RESTful services, and building microservices Strong knowledge of Web UI and UX design principles, programming patterns, and best practices Understanding of SEO methodologies Experience with agile methodologies Proficiency with accessibility standards 
ScrapedJobID743:
Ability to quote on projects Effectively meet client objectives and needs through the use of website design tools Ability to work with cross-functional partners and team members Open and willing to accept constructive feedback from clients and implement solutions to effectively action against feedback Very responsive and attentive throughout the entire timeline of client projects, providing updates to the team Ability to validate functional requirements of each project and provide key recommendations Loves to stay up to date with the latest technology and software to keep ahead of website development trends and changes A minimum of 2 years experience as a website designer or related position Completed or currently completing a business or technology degree at an educational institution Expert in WordPress and related content-management systems Experienced in writing codes: HTML5, CSS3, PHP, JavaScript Experienced with mobile-responsive and cross-browser designs Established background in graphic design tools such as Adobe Creative Suite Extremely detail-oriented and organized Ability to work well under pressure, juggle tasks and work efficiently against tight deadlines Great decision making skills and avid problem-solver Excellent writing, speaking and communication skills Yes 
ScrapedJobID744:
or equivalent experience Consulting firm School or educational institution/establishment Startup company Research and evaluate a variety of interactive media software products Consult with clients to develop and document Website requirements Source, select and organize information for inclusion and design the appearance, layout and flow of the Website Create and optimize content for Website using a variety of graphics, database, animation and other software Develop Website architecture and determine hardware and software requirements Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code Conduct tests and perform security and quality controls XML Visual Basic PHP Object-Oriented programming languages MySQL JavaScript HTML DHTML CSS Ajax JQuery Angular.js D3 Git Model-View-Controller (MVC) Subversion (SVN) Basic security clearance Cellular phone Fast-paced environment Work under pressure Attention to detail Standing for extended periods Willing to relocate MS Windows Linux Internet Database software MAC JavaOS Networking software Networking hardware Networking security Servers Mail server software Communication software Programming software HTML editing software Web service design Programming languages Website creation and management software MS Office Desktop applications Multimedia software API Initiative Team player Organized 
ScrapedJobID745:
Be part of the design and development of the Lucova platform Prepare any documentation and specifications as needed to communicate solutions to senior team members Learn and implement quality standards and processes, as well as become proficient in the Payment Card Industry (PCI) standards Tests, tests, tests! We love test scripts, and anything that can help us troubleshoot and debug It’s a fast paced environments so having great time management skills is a must Join other team members on client engagements and presentations Education: Bachelor degree with a technical major in engineering or computer science or equivalent in experience and expertise 1-3 yrs experience with frontend web application development (side projects, work related experience, industry experience) Strong working knowledge with HTML/Javascript/CSS Strong working knowledge with Javascript application framework (Angular or similar) Experience with Chrome Dev Tools Experience with CSS preprocessors, JS package managers, and task runners an asset Strong attention to details, security and delivery on specifications Demonstrate initiative, an ability to multitask, and time management skills A chance to work with a core set of passionate individuals Hands-on opportunity to help shape the future of the company A chance to disrupt the in-store status quo through the development of innovative solutions Exposure to startup culture A great team that will support and grow you in your role, as you support us 
ScrapedJobID746:
8 hour shift Java: 3 years (preferred) JavaScript: 3 years (preferred) Node.js: 4 years (required) React: 4 years (required) Angular: 4 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID747:
You have at least 3 years of technical experience working in a product-driven environment You care about quality and you know what it means to ship high-quality code You’re excited about delivering end-to-end experiences and are knowledgeable about software architecture across the backend (Node.js, Express, Sequelize), front-end (React, Contexts, Hooks, Styled components) and the APIs / services that bring it all together You have a strong fundamental understanding of data structures and algorithms You are comfortable working independently and reaching out across organizational boundaries to aid in problem-solving You care about the user experience and know-how to build user-friendly web applications You have experience with continuous delivery and automated testing You have strong coding skills in Javascript or similar language, and a desire to pick up more. We work primarily in JavaScript (Node.js, Express, Postgres, React) Collaborate with our Founder, Head of Engineering, Product team, and Software Engineers to deliver compelling user-facing products Architect efficient and reusable front-end systems that drive complex web applications Willingness to work on anything wherever needed. Nothing is outside of your job description Execute daily production deployments and monitoring using AWS services Identify and resolve performance and scalability issues Write automated tests as part of your development workflow Provide highly effective code reviews and peer support Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or equivalent work experience Experience developing and maintaining a continuous integration system or build and release pipeline Ability to pick up new software, frameworks and APIs quickly A burning desire to build an insanely great product and make an impact Autonomy - You have the freedom to create your own path We value growth opportunities and career development to help you achieve your goals Competitive salary and Equity incentives Generous Time Off Program Learning Budget -- for whatever YOU want to learn Health & Dental Benefits Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Discounted or free food Employee stock purchase plan Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Stock options Tuition reimbursement Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday What is your citizenship/employment status? What are your salary expectations? No 
ScrapedJobID748:
Create robust SPA's to provide high traffic booking engines and club management software. Develop and support various web applications for multiple systems Work with product stakeholders to ensure high-quality bug-free code to solve problems for our clients. Manipulate CMS elements to seamlessly blend in with the website Advanced knowledge of ASP.Net, Javascript MVC Frameworks, HTML, CSS 3, and JS/jQuery 3-5 years experience using modern JS/CSS/HTML. 3-5 years experience using ASP.Net Framework. Experience with Blazor Web Assembly & AngularJS is a plus. Experience working with a Content Management System (CMS) such as Wordpress Ability to understand and follow wireframes, sitemaps and prototypes Ability to problem-solve without adding complexity through unnecessary dependencies. An eye for user experience, and modern Design principles Security-first mindset Strong web accessibility principles Proven ability to meet deadlines Good team player, and willing to take ownership for resolution of issues. 
ScrapedJobID749:
Proficient in HTML and CSS and some Javascript Ability to quickly identify, replicate and report issues with fixes made on a web page and verify fixes Ability to design and follow test plans, scenarios, scripts or procedures Ability to document problems, using a tracking system, and report defects to auditors or remediators Ability to monitor error resolution and track fixes An understanding of the web development life cycle Solid intuition for what constitutes a good user experience Self-starter, cooperative, detail-oriented person who thrives in a startup atmosphere Ability to independently learn new technologies and concepts Web front-end development experience Web back-end development experience An understanding of how a screen reader user navigates a web page An understanding of how a keyboard-only user navigates a web page An understanding of the difficulties faced by people with visual impairments such as color contrast, font-sizing and others Company events Employee assistance program Paid time off Day shift Monday to Friday Why do you think you would be a good fit for this position ? Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Web Development: 2 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID750:

ScrapedJobID751:
Develop high quality, maintainable software according to best practices Learn and apply new ideas quickly Work in a fast-paced, agile team environment Contribute to the improvement of processes and structure as we grow Have fun. We are at an exciting time of new challenges and rapid growth
‍ Python Django GraphQL PostgreSQL Database Architecture Javascript (Preferably ReactJS) Kubernetes Cloud Infrastructure Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field 1-2 years of experience working in software development An interest in FinTech and disrupting archaic banking systems Django: 1 year GraphQL: 1 year PostgreSQL: 1 year A remote-first work environment Competitive compensation: $75,000.00-$120,000.00 per year A fast moving innovative/agile product environment An organization with strong core values A team-oriented/collaborative environment 
ScrapedJobID752:
Develop and integrate code for enterprise client software systems Communicate technical problems to peers, architects, and project manager and make recommendations for possible solutions Develop high-performance, scalable and low-latency systems Drive progress in an agile environment Frequently interact with clients Demonstrate effective mentorship and hands-on technical leadership to team members Identify and advocate for change when warranted by current processes or existing systems implementations 5+ years of experience in front-end software development for enterprise applications, with special emphasis on: React, Typescript, Solid understanding of distributed computing architectures and object-oriented programming concepts. Familiar with modern software development methodology and practices Ability to apply your domain knowledge to work closely with business stakeholders and technical team members to ensure that solutions are optimal Exceptional testing, mocking, and documentation skills Solid experience developing and implementing complex application components Excellent oral and written communication skills; comfortable interfacing with clients A track record of great teamwork and the ability to work independently and drive projects to completion Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science; or in Engineering, Physics, or Math with strong CS experience. nice-to-haves are NextJS, Vercel, and Hasura Family-friendly benefits and vacation time Annual training budget and professional development for fulltime employees The flexibility of a software consulting environment; project variety, adapting to new business domains, and building complex applications Ability to flex your creativity muscle, and have your opinions heard A work culture where you’ll look forward to coming in every day Downtown Toronto location (easily accessible by public transit) 
ScrapedJobID753:
For our family culture where collaboration and respect are key; For the growth opportunities inhouse, our priority is on personal and professional development; For the space that we give to your ideas; For our flexible schedule, our competitive salary and comprehensive benefits; For our inviting environment: bright office, friendly fellow workers, monthly team building activities, Friday happy hour, popcorn, fruit and fresh coffee, foosball and PS4… come see for yourself! Develop new features for the Nodejs powered backend and/or the React frontend of the leading design and CRM tool of the solar & roofing industry Create new services and maintain previous ones to support our growing product offerings Create clean code that contributes to an architecture that promotes continuous progress Perform risk assessment of code changes Work on the design of a newly launched product React / Flux UI follows the Material Design Guidelines Nodejs (express) MySQL (sequelize) Redis for caching Mocha for tests Github / TravisCI for source management CircleCI / AWS for deployments Knowledge of Javascript, React, Redux You start with user stories, tests and mocks and end with well documented code Knowledge of REST concepts English spoken and written 1 year + of professional experience Team player! Pour notre culture familiale qui met l’emphase sur la collaboration et sur le respect de chacun; Pour les possibilités d’évolutions à l’interne, la priorité est sur ton développement personnel et professionnel; Pour la place qu’on laisse à tes idées; Pour nos horaires flexibles, notre salaire compétitif et nos avantages sociaux compréhensifs; Pour notre environnement invitant : des bureaux lumineux, des collègues chaleureux, des activités de team building mensuelles, nos happy-hour du vendredi, le popcorn, les fruits et le café, le babyfoot et le PS4… viens voir par toi-même! Le développement de nouvelles fonctionnalités dans NodeJS et/ou l'interface React Créer de nouveaux services et maintenir les précédents pour soutenir nos offres de produits en croissance Créer un code propre qui contribuera à une architecture qui favorise les progrès continus Faire le risk assessment des changement de codes Travailler sur la conception d'un produit nouvellement lancé React / Flux L'interface utilisateur suit les grandes lignes de Material Design Nodejs (express) MySQL (sequelize) Redis pour le caching Mocha pour les tests Github / TravisCI la gestion des sources CircleCI / AWS pour les déploiements Connaissance de Javascript, React, Redux Tu commences avec les users stories, tu tests et tu termines avec un code bien documenté Connaissance des concepts de REST Anglais parlé et écrit 1 an d'expérience professionnelle et plus Tu es un joueur d'équipe, et tu as une facilité d'approche 
ScrapedJobID754:
You are self-directed, motivated to learn, and are working hard to round out your knowledge of both front-end and back-end development languages, techniques and technologies. You are inquisitive, have an analytical mind and are eager to grow your logic and algorithmic skills. You understand your limitations and eagerly request and welcome feedback, guidance and mentorship. You actively seek out solutions on your own but know when to ask for help. You are fascinated by technology and are always on the lookout for new techniques or tools that can help you deliver solutions more quickly or efficiently. You are not afraid to step out of your comfort zone. You thrive in an active environment and like to work on a wide variety of projects. You are an effective and proactive communicator and leverage a variety of channels to provide timely and appropriate signals to your colleagues. PHP custom development, using Laravel and WordPress as the needs of the project dictate ES5, ESNext and Node.js development for web front-end and standalone client- and server-side projects, JavaScript frameworks and libraries as appropriate (Vue.js, React, jQuery etc) Integration with 3rd party APIs via web services and sockets (for example Slack API, Twilio, Eventbrite etc) Logging into servers via SSH and using the command line to perform rudimentary tasks on remote servers Web markup and website styling, in collaboration with designers, art director, UX strategists, information architects Database schema and design, mostly using MySQL Responsive and mobile-first development using CSS frameworks such as Bootstrap or Foundation Version control and documentation Ongoing support and maintenance of legacy / retainer projects QA and Automated Test development Contributions to team brainstorming and ideation activities Time tracking and time management in association with project managers and team leads Personal self-improvement and continuous learning HTML5, CSS3 and SASS (C) 2+ years coding PHP; strong analytical and algorithmic logic skills (C) Data mapping, data design and MySQL (I) JavaScript ES5, ES2016, ES7 (I) WordPress customization, custom queries, taxonomies, custom post types. (C) Familiarity with a modern PHP application framework such as Laravel (C) Competent use of Git for version control (C) Familiarity with front-end frameworks such as Angular, Vue, React (I) Familiarity with build tools such as Webpack, Gulp or Grunt (N) Seasoned user of a proper IDE and intimate familiarity with the Dev Tools of various browsers (I) Ability to use a Mac as your primary coding computer (I) Mentorship/coaching in a collaborative fashion 2 weeks vacation to start, plus paid “agency holidays” Defined health benefits in addition to a Health Care Spending Account (‘HSA’) Access to in-house Maker Lab for all electronics and prototyping needs Education budget, which can be spent towards courses, conferences etc. Desktop/laptop Snacks/beverages Dog-friendly environment Why are you the best fit for the role? Where have you been? (A brief overview of your most relevant experience.) What are you passionate about? Resume Examples of your work Salary expectations Whether you need any accommodations in the interview process 
ScrapedJobID755:

ScrapedJobID756:

ScrapedJobID757:
Create responsive web applications using Angular and React Produce HTML/CSS/JavaScript code from design documentation Research and recommend functional libraries to expedite development Recommend the development of an inhouse or Open Source UI Components library Build intuitive DevOps piplines for Single Page Application (SPA) deployments into one of the main cloud providers Automate processes within the DevOps pipeline; identify opportunities for efficiency gains and reducing time-to-market, and enabling continuous delivery Ensure high code quality through automated unit and functional testing Strong attention to detail and understanding of UX and visual design concepts to provide leadership perspective on front and backend technologies and their overall impact on the creative process Scope out project deliverables and formulate a plan for development Work within an Agile product team comprised of technical, product and business team members to deliver exceptional products. 3+ years of experience working on Frontend development Must have hands on experience with Angular development 3+ years of working knowledge with:
HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, TypeScript
React, Angular, Git, Jenkins and CI/CD server HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, TypeScript React, Angular, Git, Jenkins and CI/CD server Silverlight is nice to have Strong communication and organizational skills with an ability to thrive in a fast-paced production deadline-driven environment both internal and client facing Bachelor’s degree (Master’s a plus) in Computer Science or equivalent experience 2 - 4 years of experience with:
Responsive Design methodologies and techniques
CSS Preprocessors (LESS or SASS) Responsive Design methodologies and techniques CSS Preprocessors (LESS or SASS) 3+ years of working knowledge with:
NodeJS
Zeplin, Sketch, Adobe XD NodeJS Zeplin, Sketch, Adobe XD Experience using Agile methodologies for developing applications Experience in creating project estimates, defining scope requirements, and structuring projects Ability to solve complex development problems and produce the highest quality code while striving to push the technical boundaries of online applications Ability to work quickly while maintaining strong attention to detail and accuracy while adhering to W3C and accessibility guidelines You’re excited by the prospect of learning a new technologies as needed. You’ve used or are interested in learning about backend development with Java and Spring Cloud certifications with any major cloud provider: Google, AWS or AZURE for Cloud Platform and Infrastructure 
ScrapedJobID758:
Design, code, and test major features in collaboration with team members, Software Developers and QA. Perform maintenance programming for existing versions. Perform custom programming as assigned. Fix defects and add features to software. Interact with key partners and internal users regarding timelines, technical issues, and infrastructure integration. Provide recommendations for improvements in the overall development process. Stay current with trends, techniques, technology, and other factors impacting the job. Actively participate in team meetings and offer recommendations/ideas on design projects. University degree in a Computer Science or Software Engineering. 3-5 years of HTML, CSS and ASP.NET development experience. Experience making UI/UX design decisions. Detail oriented, can easily context switch and have excellent organizational skills. C# and .NET framework experience, Blazor-specific experience preferred 
ScrapedJobID759:
Develop and implement solutions that primarily focus on web technologies, mobile (native/hybrid), J2EE platforms, API, Service Oriented Architecture and integration technologies. Fully participate in application detailed design, estimation, and documentation. Participate in code and design reviews. Provide technical and design support for other team members (e.g. QA, BA’s) Be available to support after hour activities (e.g. deployments, incident investigation) when necessary Engage in ongoing skills development and knowledge acquisition Be cognizant of security, organizational risk, PCI, and business at all stages of the software delivery lifecycle Application detailed design, development, testing and documentation for client group applications Participation on project activities and progress reporting to development lead and functional manager Provide 3rd level support to application support team for incident and problem resolution Be a self-driven member of a cross functional development team to deliver solutions for business requirements Play an active role and take ownership of optimization and performance activities Post-secondary education, preferably in Computer Science or related field with 1-2 years practical experience in Information Systems ideally Experience with the software development life cycle via Agile programming practices (such as Scrum or Kanban) Web application development experience with the understanding of object oriented design patterns service-oriented architectures, including web services (REST, JSON, JMS, SOAP, XML) Knowledge of Spring/J2EE based delivery, SOA and architectural experience or industry certification Knowledge and experience regarding the practical application of security/risk concepts, standards and regulations in the financial industry Experience designing and delivering web based solutions integrating to legacy back-end environments Development experience in the following is an asset: Adobe Experience Manager (core framework) Web 2.0, AJAX and Single Page Applications Apache CXF, Tomcat, Websphere, IHS Cordova, Angular.js, node.js, BootStrap Java EE, JUnit, Spring, XML, MQ Series/JMS Web application firewalls, AppDynamics Atlassian suite, Maven, Jenkins, Bitbucket (Git) API Gateways management, microservices RHEL/Scripting/Commands Experience with portals and web content management 
ScrapedJobID760:
A minimum of 6-8 years of experience working on web development where you are building front-end components of a web application. Strong background in UI/Front-end development with a solid knowledge of Angular 9.0, JavaScript, Typescript, HTML, CSS, SASS, Node JS, XML, JSON and web standards. (Angular JS 1.x knowledge would be added advantage) Knowledge on the accessibility and SEO standards. Good understanding of browsers and debug the code at the client side. Strong experience working with REST services Experience using Typescript and third-party JavaScript framework libraries. Experience in writing unit test cases with karma/jasmine 2 - 4 year Experience working in AGILE methodology Experience with build tools like Git version control – 2+ years Very good knowledge on Design Patterns Knowledge on best industry practices and code review React Redux knowledge Backend knowledge Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID761:
According to the Deloitte Fast 50 and Deloitte Fast 500, respectively. Write and test code that is performant, scalable, maintainable and meets functional requirements Collaborate with software developers, designers and product managers to build and drive innovation in our products Participate in code reviews and brown bags to help nurture a culture of growth and learning within the organization Develop dashboards and tools using the latest in web development technologies to increase the efficiency of our teams and improve the experience of our customers Bachelors' degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent experience 2+ years experience working in a similar or related role Strong knowledge of Python, JavaScript or TypeScript Strong knowledge of web development technologies like React, Vue.JS, Angular etc. Previous work experience with AWS is an asset Great verbal and written communication skills Ability to work independently or in a group setting Generous stock option package We match 100% of your contribution to your retirement plan up to $4000 annually Monthly public transportation stipend Annual gym membership stipend Dialogue membership - unlimited free video calls and texts with nurses and doctors anytime - they’ll even help you book IRL appointments 4 weeks of vacation and 5 sick/personal days Weekly happy hour Frequent team outings and off-sites Private healthcare - includes massages 
ScrapedJobID762:

ScrapedJobID763:
3+ years of relevant professional experience in business or technology required Strong Java/J2ee developer responsibilities include designing and developing web applications to deliver high-performance and responsive web applications Contribute to all phases of the development lifecycle Write well designed, testable, efficient code Ensure designs are in compliance with specifications Prepare and produce releases of software components Work and communicate effectively in a team environment Work with our global technology partner to deliver solutions to our clients Experience with Java Portal Specifications (JSR168/JSR 286) and Liferay 6.1 / 6.2 / DXP Experience with Java/J2EE application design and development experience. Prior experience as a Full-stack developer (Java/J2ee) with knowledge of Liferay will be an added advantage. Experience with OSGI framework Experience with MVC design pattern Experience with Hibernate/Spring frameworks Experience implementing and utilizing Web services, Service/System Integrations Strong Web UI development skills (i.e. HTML, CSS, JavaScript) Ability to translate business requirements into technical requirements Experience with code management tools, automated build setup, and deployment procedures 
ScrapedJobID764:
Provide UX/UI mock-ups and analysis (wireframes) to web developers during site improvement projects; Create and send out retail and consumer newsletters; Develop graphic concepts adapted to various platforms and digital advertising campaigns; Adapt and integrate landing pages using CMS such as WordPress, HubSpot and others; Support the Web Marketing team with HubSpot, WordPress, FlippingBook, SurveyMonkey; Support new product launches; Perform performance and content monitoring on the various Kimpex sites. Bachelor's degree in graphic design or any combination of design and digital marketing (web, media) focused education; 3 to 5 years of experience; Proficiency in HTML (HTML5), CSS (CSS3) and Javascript (jQuery); Experience in e-commerce design, mobile and responsive design; Knowledge of Adobe suite (XD, Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Acrobate, Dreamweaver), Hubspot, PHP and WordPress; Asset: Bilingual; Fluent in French and English, both spoken and written. Permanent full-time position You'll be joining a team that's committed to solving day-to-day issues, but always in a pleasant work environment! The best of both worlds: the resources of a large company and a family-like atmosphere A team that is passionate, attentive and committed to excellence A dynamic and stimulating work environment Flexible schedules that allow you to balance your work and your personal life Group insurance (different plans adapted to your needs) Registered Retirement Savings Plan with employer contributions Employee and Family Assistance Program Social activities 
ScrapedJobID765:
8 hour shift Monday to Friday Full Stack development: 6 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID766:
Experience developing Single Page Applications using React/Angular Solid understanding of JavaScript Proficiency with HTML5, CSS3, and a good grasp of the DOM Familiarity with mocha, jest, and cypress as a bonus Previous experience working with UX an asset Take part in planning sessions Implement UI components using React as per Visual Specs Maintain and Debug existing UI components Document new and existing components Create test cases for new and existing components 
ScrapedJobID767:
Web Development using ASP.NET, JavaScript, jQuery, CSS, HTML, Bootstrap, .NET Core/(MVC/MVVM), Ajax, Razor, REST, Typescript, SignalR Complex data analysis utilizing MS-SQL Enterprise Applications using .NET, WinForms, .NET Core Reporting tools, using RDLC, Crystal, SSRS and custom technologies Mapping Applications and tools utilizing Google and BING Map APIs, MapBasic and Open Street Maps. Mobile Applications, - Xamarin, Native Android/IOS API Development and Communications (Custom, Azure, AWS, etc.) Salesforce - Visualforce, Lightning Web Components, general environment Machine Learning and advanced data analytics UI/UX Design Fast moving environment with a variety of projects and technologies to work with in an interactive team based environment. Flexible Hours with a focus on delivering objectives not watching the clock. Our current environment has the team working remotely with the option to work in the office if desired. We'd like to see people back to the office at some point, however, our remote office solution has been working nicely for many so it won't be enforced. Involvement in all aspects of the Software Development Lifecycle potentially taking on different roles for different projects. Mentoring within the team. Weekly status meetings, bi-weekly code share meetings. Learning from your peers and sharing your knowledge as well. High Standards. Our clients demand them, we strive to exceed their expectations. Genuine interest and curiosity in all things technical Aptitude and desire to learn a wide variety of environments. Honesty in your work and interactions with others. Ability and desire to dig in and solve challenging problems. Desire to work in a team environment 
ScrapedJobID768:
A valid degree / diploma in Computer Programming or

 a valid undergraduate degree plus a technology certificate from a verified post-secondary
 institution or training school Minimum of 1 – 2 years software application development experience Understanding of full-stack web development (client-side and server-side) Experience with JavaScript frameworks such as React, Angular, and Node Express Experience working with Databases such as mySQL, MongoDB, or Microsoft SQL Server Experience with server-side programming languages - Microsoft C# .NET , or PHP is required PHP Laravel, .NET 5 knowledge preferred Versioning Tool Software - Git, Mercurial etc. Comfortable using Agile and Scrum Practices and Methodologies Located in Toronto and surrounding area Ability to work onsite at the company office Ability to work offsite at their residence with an adequate high-speed internet connection (COVID-19 consideration) Experience with Development Operations (Dev Ops) tasks such as continuous integration / continuous deployment (CI/CD) in either a Microsoft Azure or Amazon AWS environment a bonus Familiarity with testing frameworks and tools Team player attitude Excellent oral and written communication Demonstrable problem-solving skills using ingenuity, creativity, and resourcefulness Strong analytical and problems solving skills Strong organizational skills with the ability to prioritize activities Ability to work independently with limited supervision or direction Ability to work on multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment Casual Business Attire Company Events Health Benefits Flexible Schedule Three weeks vacation, five personal leave days Twelve days per year education benefits Eight hour flexible time-frame shift (avg. 37.5 – 40.0 hr / week) Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID769:
Create robust SPA's to provide high traffic booking engines and club management software. Develop and support various web applications for multiple systems Work with product stakeholders to ensure high-quality bug-free code to solve problems for our clients. Manipulate CMS elements to seamlessly blend in with the website Advanced knowledge of ASP.Net, Javascript MVC Frameworks, HTML, CSS 3, and JS/jQuery 3-5 years experience using modern JS/CSS/HTML. 3-5 years experience using ASP.Net Framework. Experience with Blazor Web Assembly & AngularJS is a plus. Experience working with a Content Management System (CMS) such as Wordpress Ability to understand and follow wireframes, sitemaps and prototypes Ability to problem-solve without adding complexity through unnecessary dependencies. An eye for user experience, and modern Design principles Security-first mindset Strong web accessibility principles Proven ability to meet deadlines Good team player, and willing to take ownership for resolution of issues. 
ScrapedJobID770:
Analyze, modify, write, and implement software code related to the creation and maintenance of software applications and services Create software requirement documentation, software design analysis and implementation Design and produce screens and workflows that support collection and display of complex information in an easy-to-understand fashion Analyze code and application execution for optimization and performance tuning Produce accurate software implementation estimates and delivers upon agreed schedule Provide input for the development and ongoing maintenance of technical documentation Collaborate with other engineers to provide the best solution possible that conforms to best engineering practices, including writing of unit tests and code reviews Contribute to ongoing improvements to the development process A degree in Engineering, Information Technology, or a related discipline Minimum 5+ years with a proven track record of developing and maintaining applications in an enterprise or commercial environment Expert knowledge of HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript Proficient in building web applications using React and other UI libraries Proven experienced with C#, and ASP.NET Experience with data structures, algorithms, and distributed systems fundamentals Experience with relational databases, including SQL Server We provide opportunities for career-growth within a fast-scaling company We offer flexible remote work arrangements We offer an extensive benefits plan We offer opportunities for continuous training and professional development (in-house and external) to learn the latest technologies We offer our employees a profit-sharing plan that provides them with the benefits of their hard work We are heavily involved in the community and join various events of non-profit organizations We pride ourselves on our company culture (our last Employee Survey resulted in a score of 100% in inclusiveness and diversity) 
ScrapedJobID771:
Solid understanding of programming and building web applications A desire to do great work with a small team of great people A strong desire to learn new technologies Experience building applications using JavaScript related tools & frameworks Understands, but not necessarily has experience with, Microservice Architecture NodeJS JavaScript (ES6) TypeScript Vue.js MySQL & PostgreSQL HTML5 and CSS3/SCSS Git and GitLab CI/CD Pipelines Rest APIs Google Cloud Platform & Amazon Web Services Writing clean code, good tests, and crafting good documentation where appropriate Delivering high-quality work that adheres to standards and best practices Designing and developing new web-based products and services as well as update and enhance existing products Working on supporting our existing web-based products and services, implementing new features and tests, building and supporting new products & technology Advising on solutions to presented problems (timeframe, hurdles, etc) Communicating significant milestones to Team Leader (new obstacles, distractions, external blockers, etc) 1-2 Years working in a similar role and environment A minimum 2 Years experience with NodeJS, JavaScript (ES6) & Vue.js A degree or diploma in Software Development, Computer Science or a similar/relevant discipline. 2-4 Years experience in a similar role Several years experience with NodeJS, JavaScript (ES6) and Vue.js. Extended health care Monday to Friday DCS / DEC (required) TypeScript, NodeJS & Vue.js: 2 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID772:
Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID773:
We’re looking for you to maintain, develop and design the corporate CRM (Customer Relationship Management) system. You’ll promote consistent architectural patterns employing Angular framework. You’ll also write effective unit tests and integration tests to ensure high quality software delivery. We’ll be looking for you to review and estimate business requirements, as well as understand and follows security policy guidelines. You’ll conduct code reviews whilst continually evaluating emerging frameworks and technologies to find opportunities, trends and standard methodologies that strengthen The Stars Group web products. You’re likely to have experience in this field and you’ll be experienced in developing large-scale JS projects in dynamic environment. You’ll have an understanding of the Web standards and technologies including Web sockets, Web Workers and Web Security principles. You’ll also have familiarity with the UI testing and building tools. (Karma, Jasmine, Webpack, etc.). Similarly, you’ll be strong on JavaScript, Angular and CSS/HTML. You are likely to have a B.Sc. in Engineering, Computer Science, Math or similar. Finally, we want you to be someone who is hardworking, dedicated, and passionate about the craft and a self-learner who requires minimum supervision. Health and dental insurance for you, your partner and your children (if you all live at the same address) $1,900 as congratulations if you have a baby whilst you work for us Discounts on local gyms, restaurants and events Free snacks and catered lunch In-house training and development to develop your skills, progressing your career. 
ScrapedJobID774:
Performs third-party application installations, upgrades, and modifications Leads custom third-party application development and integration activities Develops documentation that supports all development activity Performs debugging and problem resolution activities Assist with the development and execution of integrated testing plans. Investigates new technologies and solutions so that applications and systems at Loyalist are relevant and current Participates in Agile Sprint planning Completion of a three-year diploma or degree in Computer Science or Programmer Analyst Five (5) years’ experience in the development and support of complex business systems (e.g., sizeable and complex relational databases, N-Tier architectures) Experience solving complex application problems and development challenges Familiar utilizing a variety of programming languages Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, both verbal and written Strong analytical skills demonstrating a proactive approach to problem solving Effective organizational skills and a proven ability to develop priorities and meet deadlines under pressure A demonstrated ability to work cooperatively and effectively with cross-disciplinary teams at all levels of the organization Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Tuition reimbursement Vision care Work from home Day shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID775:
Translate designs and wireframes into high-quality code Design, build and maintain high performance, reusable, and reliable code Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of the application Identify and correct bottlenecks and fix bugs Help maintain code quality, organization, and automatization Passionate about the Front End development, especially JavaScript Fluent in CSS and HTML Have experience with React and Redux Have a professional history of developing interactive Front End web apps Dedicated to building both a great visual and highly accessible experience Enjoy direct collaboration with UX and Product experts Driven to stay current with front-end trends, frameworks, etc. Familiarity with RESTful APIs to connect web applications to back-end services Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git Used Redux Sagas, Styled Components, Lodash, and ImmutableJS BS degree in Computer Science or relevant experience 5+ years of software development experience 2+ years of experience in web technologies Experience with Docker and Kubernetes As well as the technical knowledge, you'll also: Remain up to date with state-of-the-art developments in your software field and share your knowledge with the wider team. Be confident keeping projects on track through strong personal project management skills, collaboration, and supporting other team members. Support colleagues (teaching, coaching, line managing, mentoring, reviewing, and improving code). Bonus pay 8 hour shift Vancouver, BC: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required) Please Attach your Github profile No 
ScrapedJobID776:
Writing beautiful, scalable, efficient, cross-browser front-end UI components and systems Collaborating with talented designers to ensure our applications are usable, accessible and responsive Troubleshooting, analyzing and resolving performance bottlenecks Incorporating automated unit, integration, perceptual, performance and accessibility testing into the development process Evangelizing best practices in front-end engineering Comfortable working anywhere in the stack (front-end, server-side application code, database, cloud), but who has a passion for client-side development Experience with but without a reliance on modern front-end frameworks like React, Vue.js and Polymer Interest in working with emerging technologies like web components, JavaScript modules, service workers, TypeScript, Progressive Web Apps Experience building accessible web applications, and the related standards (ARIA) and assistive technologies Keen to work with other teams to understand their needs, and to develop tools and libraries to support them Comfortable creating documentation, guides, walk-throughs, videos and presentations to evangelize your work Experience with web performance techniques to make web applications super fast 
ScrapedJobID777:
2-3 years experience in all phases of the web development life cycle Proficient in HTML, PHP, MySQL, XML, jQuery, JavaScript, CSS, Responsive Web Design Proficient with WordPress (including custom-built solutions) Experience implementing tracking services, e.g. Google Analytics Strong knowledge of SEO best practices and troubleshooting Strong knowledge of Google Webmaster Tools, Search Console and Google News indexing and ranking techniques Strong understanding of newsletter-sending software (or plugin) configuration, including deliverability (DMARC, DKIM and SPF), Blacklist monitoring and management, as well as standards for preparing html newsletters Strong debugging and problem-solving skills Strong understanding of server administration including DNS & Zone File configuration, and cPanel functions Familiarity with online advertising technologies (DoubleClick For Publishers / Google Ad Manager) Ability to work independently and within a small team Proactive approach to problem resolution and ability to work in a fast-paced environment Eye for detail & quality results driven Excellent verbal and written communication skills Proficiency using Adobe Creative Suite tools such as Photoshop, Illustrator, Premiere Pro Knowledge of the travel industry would be an asset Bachelor Degree or Diploma in Computer Science, web related program or equivalent experience Will be expected to provide examples of work performed and discuss the architecture Will be expected to present screen shots or other materials that demonstrate competency Casual dress Flexible schedule Paid time off Work from home Monday to Friday On call Weekend availability Yes 
ScrapedJobID778:
Create astronomical analysis software from requirements. Expand and maintain databases that store information from software outputs. Develop and maintain web applications that serve these databases to remote users. Document computer code and database schema. Research new packages and libraries as needed to complete development objectives. Create and execute software tests (regression testing). Maintain their code within the CIRADA codebase. Create and manage virtual machines. Create tutorials, architecture documents, and presentations of the software components developed in the project. Attend meetings with supervisor and the CIRADA development team. Commit computer code to a central repository, integrating contributions with other developers. Communicate with other developers at the University of Alberta and external sites as needed to manage individual development tasks. Experience working with python, python visualization (matplotlib), and numerical analysis packages in python (numpy, scipy). Database integration and maintenance experience, in particular mySQL; Experience working with development within the Django web framework; and Experience working with collaborative software development and source control software (git); Experience working with debugging, optimizing, and performance testing of software; Ability to work independently with minimal supervision; Demonstrated ability to learn and adapt to new technologies; Experience working with astronomical images or radio interferometry. 
ScrapedJobID779:
Creating/modifying the look, layout, feel, functionality and features of front-end web portals and Power BI dashboards. Interfacing front end GUIs with data from Microsoft SQL Server database and/or AWS Redshift data tables. Work with clients and project managers to support user interface design and user experience design of web portals. Determine appropriate architecture, and other technical solutions, and make relevant recommendations. Develop and maintain robust Webstyle guides for all consumer and business-facing products. Operate within a team environment delegating workload with other individuals and external partners. Work within an agile development framework in defining and prioritizing sprint plans. 6 years experience in relevant field. Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field, or significant equivalent experience. Three years minimum experience with HTML/XHTML and CSS. Three years minimum experience with developing data analytic graphical interfaces and infographic dashboards (UI/UX design). Extensive experience in development using the Python web framework Django. Experience in programming and systems development and design. Experience in web development using MVC framework. Experience trouble shooting and resolving technical issues. Strong proficiency in Python/SQL. Comfort in collaborative development using source code control (git). Experienced with Power BI. Knowledge of SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) packages. Experienced with Amazon AWS architecture and cloud-based solutions. Knowledge of browser compatibility across multiple platforms and devices. 
ScrapedJobID780:
The position is permanent, full-time. We're open to developers with several years of practical team experience which should include leadership roles. Variety of work is appreciated. The Voices team is located in London, Ontario Canada, but you could be elsewhere in Canada. You will help design technical solutions for business problems presented by our Product Team. You will work on the Voices web application UI, backend controls, APIs & app logic, special architecture projects, and everything in between. PHP and vanilla JS (and sometimes Node.js) are our primary languages. Familiarity with modern PHP & JS is a bonus. You should be able to plan and lead team sprints and projects through estimation and cooperative research. You will have the opportunity to develop new features and find ways to improve the product. Sometimes these features will span multiple teams for an all-hands approach. You will also handle internal support conversations, investigate trouble tickets, and contribute to occasional infrastructure projects. You should also be comfortable with helping expand the knowledge of your colleagues and help them develop highly functional, efficient, and readable code. Guiding technical solution planning for sprints and small projects. Designing work packages for your team that match up business and technical requirements. Creating task tickets (Jira) to reliably deliver quality products. Ensuring that your team meets compliance rules for security and accessibility. Building customer-facing and internal user interfaces with CSS from LESS/SASS, HTML & JS. Creating and extending an MVC application using PHP frameworks (CodeIgniter, Laravel) and occasional scripts. Other technologies also play a role. Applying your knowledge of accessibility standards (AODA, WCAG) and site security (OWASP) to improve life for our users. Testing your work for performance and bottleneck improvements. Building or extending our internal APIs and 3rd-party integrations (Salesforce, S3, SQS, and other AWS services). Working with multiple Git branches, writing and reviewing Pull Requests (BitBucket), and pushing production-level code regularly and on a schedule. Oversee the preparation of the test and release plan for your work by creating DB migration scripts and collaborating with the testing team. Helping to maintain our internal component library & design system, and contribute to build scripts (Gulp, Webpack, Babel). Building new product pages and functionality for our website and documenting projects (Confluence). Writing and updating technical documentation and requirements. Reviewing and triaging support conversations. Fixing bugs and following up with our Product and Support teams. Collaborating via Slack, Figma, and regular video or in-person chats. You want to ship regularly. Your passion is to build end-to-end software. You always want to improve and learn. You understand the importance of quality code. Your code is documented, understandable and predictable. Tests are written with confidence. You’re comfortable with a varied stack. You have production-level experience with JavaScript, PHP, React, build & migration scripts, and even asynchronous queues. You can explain your thinking. You are able to communicate your ideas or issues well. Your goal is to build for everyone. You are skilled in developing front-ends from scratch to create valid, reusable, performant, and accessible pages at all screen sizes. You are self-motivated and can work independently. You take the initiative to make sure that you have everything you need and will call for support when required. You love learning. You thrive on solving problems, learning new tricks, bridging the gaps between new and old, and want to keep getting even better. You love sharing. Helping your team based on your experience is time well spent. You have 3+ years experience in database-driven web site development. You have been able to lead a team to a positive, shared goal. You earned a BS or MS in Computer Science, Diploma in Web Development or have the equivalent work experience. Development Manager Technical Project Managers Product Managers Product Designers UX Researchers Product & Marketing Developers Infrastructure Developers Analytics & Data Science Team Quality Assurance Team Voices had all of our colleagues working from home with their laptops, monitor, accessories includes their ergonomic chairs by Monday March 16th, 2020 We hold virtual huddle every Monday and bi-weekly virtual Town Halls We care about the mental health of our colleagues through our EFAP program and human connection through our optional virtual social events such as meditation, stretching, games, happy hours, etc. 
ScrapedJobID781:
Define and maintain test plans Test specifications for functional, regression and performance testing Find clear reproduction steps for issues reported by customers Verify builds for quality prior to production deployment Translate high-level business requirements into test scenarios Perform service-level testing on an as-needed basis Become familiar with our codebase and help with smaller development tasks Implement and maintain automated test scripts covering fundamental functions in the application Work closely with engineering teams to discuss risk and risk mitigation Assist in shaping the overall QA process by suggesting improvements, best practices, and new approaches to testing workflow Join the development team after familiarizing with the code base Receive mentorship from the engineering team Lead the QA division as a QA engineer, helping us automate and improve our testing process. Good understanding of general QA methodology Extreme attention to detail Knowledge of relational database concepts and good SQL skills preferred Hands-on experience testing and debugging web-based software Experience with Load, Stress, and Performance testing Ability to work independently Web development / iOS development Javascript, nodejs, vuejs, swift This is a fun and exciting start-up culture that empowers its people to make a huge impact. This is for people, who love the fast-paced growth of a start-up. Join us for the ride of scaling the business out to millions of users. Arternal carries opportunities for fast career advancement. As one of the first few employees of Arternal, you'll have the chance to grow into a leadership position as we expand our team. We are a global company with customers in North America, Europe and Asia. Our development team is headquartered in Toronto, but we have a sales office in New York and Los Angeles. Join us for company gatherings and retreats once a year with the entire team! 
ScrapedJobID782:
Delivering instruction that meets module and program objectives as set out in the curriculum Evaluating student performance fairly and consistently Contributing to the development of curriculum and instructional materials Supporting the administrative functions of the campus to enhance the student experience Acting in a manner that upholds the College standards Participating in College and Program Activities Monitoring and reviewing students during practicum and/or clinical placements, as program requires Degree or diploma from a recognized University or College in a relevant discipline. Three or more years' experience in a related field. An equivalent combination of education and experience will be considered. A credential in adult education or in progress from an accredited post-secondary institution, and/or teaching experience is preferred Current membership/license with relevant regulatory body preferred. Satisfy specific position qualifications as prescribed in program design and program approval for the instruction of the courses. Relevant industry skills and knowledge relating to the area of instruction, including ongoing professional development and continuous improvement. Interest in pedagogical and multi-modal education approaches an asset. Advanced oral and written communication skills, including presentation and group facilitation. Ability to motivate and inspire students. High standards of behaviour, a professional attitude and commitment to quality service. Ability to work cooperatively with other instructors and staff. Ability to consider and respond appropriately to the needs, feelings and capabilities of students, to provide feedback and treat students equitably. Learn and use technology to enhance the student learning experience. 
ScrapedJobID783:
Learn and apply new technologies Work well in a fast-paced, team environment Solve complex problems Design software using Javascript Proficient in front-end web development, including HTML5, CSS3 3+ years experience with JavaScript 2+ years experience developing with front-end JavaScript frameworks such as Angular or React 2+ years experience developing with Java and PHP Must have experience using Git or another version control system in a team setting Central location in downtown Toronto Forward thinking company that is pushing the boundaries of technology Excellent growth opportunity Daytime hours Monday to Friday On the TTC line Excellent Benefits 
ScrapedJobID784:
Build front-end components and features Meaningfully contribute to product planning, project management tasks and overall company development Mentor and lead a medium sized team Handle task creation, task breakdown, and distribution Improve our infrastructure and continuously improve our Front-end Team Five (5) years of experience working on commercial / agency medium-size front-end projects or equivalent Two (2) years of experience working on Vue.js framework-based medium scale projects Excellent understanding of web page performance, debugging, and best practices Strong knowledge of core Javascript/HTML/CSS. Strong understanding of cross-browser compatibility development and testing concepts Experience with Vuex and reactive state management concepts Experience with module bundler systems and related web tooling concepts Experience working with REST APIs Experience leading small to midsize multi product teams with demonstrated ability to mentor, grow team members as well as provide technical guidance and oversight on implementation direction Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Solid experience with Javascript unit and feature testing concepts and frameworks PWA and Single Page Application project experience Chrome/Firefox extension development experience Experience with Linux command line, and git Experience working in start-up environments Knowledge of BEM methodology in medium to large scale codebases. GitHub profile with sample projects you would like to showcase Employee stock purchase plan Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID785:

ScrapedJobID786:
As a Front-end UI/UX developer, you should be able to contribute to both the front-end AND back-end codebase of any project you are a part of. Be able to lead the front-end development of a project from beginning to end. Be able to take constructive criticism and learn from it 2+ years of Frontend Development experience creating responsive Mobile-Ready SPA’s with React 2+ years of professional experience with React Native. Strong experience with JavaScript (ES6), JQuery, HTML5, CSS3, Sass/SCSS, Grid, Flexbox Experience developing iOS and Android mobile application with XCode and Android Professional experience designing UI/UX prototypes with Figma Experience with unit testing and performance testing Experience with REST API design Strong knowledge and use of Git, merging, branching, rebasing Experience with VSCode, prettier, and eslint Experience with Unix Experience with PhotoShop Familiar with ES6 Node, Docker, Mongo, MySQL / PostgreSQL Development experience in other modern web technologies like Vue and Angular Experience with testing frameworks such as Mocha Work remotely Competitive Salary Paid Vacation Health and Dental Benefits 
ScrapedJobID787:
Work with development teams and management to create software solutions Manage the complete software development process from conception to deployment Maintain and upgrade the software following deployment Manage the end-to-end life cycle for the production of software and applications Oversee and guide the analysis, writing, building, and deployment of software Oversee automated testing and provide feedback to management during the development process Modify and test changes to previously developed programs Develop visually appealing solutions including architecture, designer mock-ups and wireframes into front-end code Design user interactions for solutions Develop functional databases, applications, and servers to support solutions on the back end Ensure cross-platform optimization for mobile if required Develop and design RESTful services and APIs Stay abreast of developments in web applications, 4GL BPME, rule engines and programming languages Strategize organizational direction on emerging technology platforms and communicate the effectiveness to executive stakeholders Stay current and provide insight on cutting edge software approaches, architectures, and vendors Manage and write technical documentation. Ensure that non-functional requirements such as security, performance, maintainability, scalability, usability, and reliability are being considered when architecting solutions. Keep job knowledge up-to-date by studying new development tools, programming techniques, and computing equipment; participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal and professional networks; participating in professional organizations. Provides technical leadership in the analysis and review of existing or proposed system features and integration, security, scalability and performance requirements with users, business analysts, architects and team members. Leads the evaluation and selection process for application packages, and advises on options, risk, cost vs. benefits, and impacts on business processes and goals. Develops system test plans, oversees testing of new or modified applications and ensures applications meet specifications. Develops integration plans and ensures for the incorporation of plans into integration testing process. Ensures documentation of functions and changes to new or modified modules, tests activities/results, error handling and backup/recovery procedures. Designs, develops and programs specialized custom software, prepares functional specifications, and builds prototypes. Provides expert advice on complex system design issues and contributes to ongoing planning and development of systems enhancements. Packages in house developed applications for production or integrates vendor supplied applications. May manage small to medium sized projects. Provides technical expertise, training, and consultation to other staff. Provides ongoing maintenance and operational support for applications. Supports software development lifecycle and applies and follows appropriate programming/development methodologies and best practices as instructed. Maintains appropriate professional designations and up-to-date knowledge of current information technology techniques and tools. Performs other related duties as required. Demonstrated knowledge of and experience working with Enterprise Application Development tools (Java, 4GL, business process engines, etc.) implementing Enterprise Application Development Patterns. Demonstrated knowledge of and experience working with Enterprise Application Integration tools (ETLs, ESBs, etc.) implementing Enterprise Integration Patterns. General knowledge and/or experience of standard industry methodologies for large COTS implementation programs. Very good oral and technical written communication skills. Very good working knowledge of programming/scripting/markup languages such as Java, Groovy, Python, Perl, HTML, XML, JSON, etc. Strong working knowledge of SOAP/REST concepts and technologies: XSD, XSLT, XPATH, WSDL, SOAP APIs, WS-\*, JSON Schema, RAML/Swagger, RESTful APIs, and OAuth2, both using and implementing. Strong working knowledge of enterprise application and integration patterns include message-oriented integrations that leverage technologies such as ActiveMQ, JMS and STOMP. Good understanding and experience with front end and backend development methodologies.as well as data modeling, data mapping, data structures, and data integration including the following concepts and technologies: SOA, ETLs, ESBs, MOMs, EAI, enterprise integration patterns, SQL/DDL/DML. Experience using standard 3GL and 4GL IDE’s for development. Good understanding and practical experience with many of the following: Object Oriented Analysis and Design concepts, design techniques and patterns; UML concepts; ORM frameworks; web application frameworks; software development methodologies and tools (e.g. build management, code repositories, version control, continuous integration and continuous deployment); test-driven design; behavior-driven design. Good project management skills including a working knowledge of SDLC methodologies, preferably Agile methodologies (e.g. Lean, XP or Scrum). Strong analytical and problem-solving skills demonstrated through troubleshooting complex technical problems. Experience in designing, developing and implementing medium to large scale software applications and integrations, primarily using Java or Java-based tools to implement SOAP-based web services or RESTful API's. Good understanding and experience with front end and backend development methodologies.as well as data modeling, data mapping, data structures, and data integration including the following concepts and technologies: SOA, ETLs, ESBs, MOMs, EAI, enterprise integration patterns, SQL/DDL/DML. Strong working knowledge of enterprise application and integration patterns include message-oriented integrations that leverage technologies such as ActiveMQ, JMS and STOMP. 
ScrapedJobID788:
Work with design teams and product managers to ideate software solutions Develop and manage well-functioning databases and web and mobile applications Test software to ensure responsiveness and efficiency Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade software Create security and data protection settings Build features and applications with a mobile responsive design Communicate with your peers via work tracking, source control and messaging A love of solving interesting problems. 1+ years of actual experience working as a software developer. Experience with React, Angular.js or another JavaScript framework. Experience with C#, SQL Server, VSCode/Studio and Microsoft Azure. Experience developing web and mobile applications. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Ability to multi-task to manage competing demands. A degree in computer science, design, business, or technology or comparable work experience. High personal integrity and team-orientation. An entrepreneurial spirit. Engaging and challenging projects – if you want to do the same thing over and over again, Punchcard isn’t for you. If like puzzles and solving problems, then we are for you. A competitive salary, commensurate with your experience. Employee group benefits (including disability and life insurance, dental, and extended health). Flexible hours. A team dedicated to creativity, including regular company-wide hack days to experiment and innovate with different teams. A highly collaborative work environment, with a group of people who love what they do. Challenging projects while working with the most interesting cutting-edge technologies. A company that’s invested in Edmonton’s future, with members engaged with and sitting on the boards of groups centered around development, technology, and innovation. Opportunities for advancement, professional development, and the chance to be mentored by industry leaders. A cool place to work in the heart of downtown Edmonton right on 104th Street—of course, when the pandemic is over. An opportunity to work with and learn from passionate and highly skilled team members who work together to ensure everyone succeeds. 
ScrapedJobID789:
Develop code with Typescript, Node, Apollo GraphQL, MongoDB & more. Create web-based interfaces and re-usable interface components with Typescript and React. As an experienced software developer, you’ll perform beyond any junior on the team: ramping up fast and delivering code consistently. Although you may not be an architecture expert, you’re learning the patterns and practices needed to build robust, scalable code. Participate in code and design reviews; give and take feedback. Actively work on high quality unit testing, and test your own work thoroughly before declaring a job well done. Participate in community events, or mentoring junior developers. Fluent in at least one programming language. Have worked on full-stack web projects professionally. Knowledge of our tech stack (or similar technologies); excitement and personal drive to learn what you don’t know. Ability to develop service-based backends: APIs, code, and data. Understanding of single page web apps built with technologies like React (or similar technologies like Angular or Vue). Understanding of infrastructure basics and debugging or maintaining code in production. Knowledge of the current tech ecosystem, state of the art trends and announcements. Applicants must be eligible to work in Canada and willing to relocate. Relocation packages and reimbursements are available. Adaptable, high-achievers energized by a startup environment Team players who love being part of and leading an agile ecosystem Project owners who can engage with designers and stakeholders Makers with a drive to finish, impress users, and delight customers 
ScrapedJobID790:
Application Lifecycle Management Service Management Technology Operations & Infrastructure Collaborates with architects, business system analysts and testing specialists to deliver high quality solutions. Maintains technical system knowledge of existing application functions while keeping abreast of corporate direction in expanding new technology solutions Design and develop custom code application features and functions to technical and functional programming standards. Utilizes object-oriented design or other design methodologies to ensure effective collaboration with stakeholders. Participate in all phases of the software development life cycle (SDLC) to deliver applications that address business requirements. Provide application maintenance and production systems support, design and develop solutions using application development tools. Critically analyze application requirements and devise sound solutions to business challenges based on Maximus methodologies, Data Quality principles and industry standards. Creates required documentation, design documents and participates in peer reviews. Assist and troubleshoot current application issues. Assist in developing testing scenarios and test plans. Monitor the application and recommend upgrades and efficiency alternatives to the application. Relevant degree from a recognized university or certificate from a recognized college with structured training in relevant programming languages and methodologies, 3 years’ experience working in an application development role or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Experience working in the BC government environment and in the health industry preferred. Experience with the application landscape that supports the British Columbia Ministry of Health is desirable. (COBOL, PL1, DB2, CICS, TSO/IPSF, JCL, Sort Utilities, DB2 Queries), RACF, stored procedures ESP Scheduler, Business Rules App (AION), Web Service Development (Shadow), ActiveBatch Job Scheduler, Visual Studio, BI Publisher, Visual Basic (VB), Splunk, JIRA, FTP, WINSCP, MS Office Suite. Experience working in the web application development environment (AngularJS, JavaScript, Node.js, Vue.js for front end development) and with Java for middleware development and database programming languages Experience with Linux operating system and container-based environments such as OpenShift and Docker. Knowledgeable in developing software for either multitier, microservices, message oriented, or SOA architectures. Experienced integrating and utilizing service API’s and data services Basic SQL skills Solid understanding of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Strong understanding of modern web design development principles, such as responsive design, progressive enhancements, vulnerability assessment and mitigation. Knowledgeable in developing software for either multitier, microservices, message oriented, or SOA architectures. Experienced integrating and utilizing service API’s and data services Knowledgeable in data mapping, modeling, protocols, schemas, and transformations. Business Analysis and documentation Business Process Modeling Use Cases and UML Modeling Basic SQL skills Ability to perform comfortably in a fast-paced, team-based system support and deliverables-oriented work environment Understanding of application development principles and best practices, such as responsive design, progressive enhancements, vulnerability assessment and mitigation Experience supporting mission critical applications Possess good interpersonal and communication skills Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously Ability to work with business systems analysts and cross functional teams to scope requirements and assuring software is reliable, secure, and efficient Participate in all phases of the software development life cycle (SDLC) to deliver applications that address business requirements Application maintenance, production systems support, designing and developing solutions using application development tools Work independently on small application releases or as part of a project team on larger application releases Must be comfortable seeking peer and supervisory guidance on complex application challenges must have a desire to learn applications being supported. Detail-oriented, fast-learner and self-motivated Experience working with personal identifying information and complying to strict information security and regulatory requirements Requirements Management Tools such as JIRA, Confluence, SharePoint, Borland Caliber RM, etc. Intermediate MS Office skills (Word, Visio, Excel and PowerPoint) Health Insurance or Pharmacy Industry experience. Ability to provide after hours on call support. 
ScrapedJobID791:
Create designs and layouts for specific printed projects Prepare and create style guides Consult with clients to establish the overall look, graphic elements and content of communications materials in order to meet their needs Prepare sketches, layouts and graphic elements of the subjects to be rendered using traditional tools, multimedia software and image processing, layout and design software Estimate cost of materials and time to complete graphic design Use existing photo and illustration banks and typography guides or hire an illustrator or photographer to produce images that meet clients' communications needs Establish guidelines for illustrators or photographers Co-ordinate all aspects of production for print, audio-visual or electronic materials, such as Web sites, CDs and interactive terminals Co-ordinate sub-contracting Supervise other graphic designers or graphic arts technicians. A university degree in visual arts with specialization in graphic design, commercial art, graphic communications or cartooning Experience or training in multimedia design at a post-secondary, college or technical institution Creative ability and artistic talent, as demonstrated by a portfolio of work, are required. 
ScrapedJobID792:
Category: Product Development Type: Full Time Reports to: CTO Posting date: February 1, 2021 Accountability Attention to Detail Results Orientation Time Management Software Development, modifying software to fix errors, adapt it to new hardware, improve its performance, or upgrade interfaces Work on new features to improve existing products. Build and implement new software solutions and applications from the ground up. Perform analysis, design, implementation, verification, demonstration, and maintenance of these products in a team environment. Prioritize and manage multiple projects and deliverables simultaneously. Implement software according to internal and industry best practices. Analyzing information to recommend and plan the installation of new systems or modifications of an existing system. Consulting with departments or customers on project status and proposals Work with Quality Assurance, Project Managers, and Product Specialists to ensure that company products are meeting client standards. Analyzing information to recommend and plan the installation of new systems or modifications of an existing system. Degree or diploma in computer science, computer systems engineering, software engineering, web design, or a field related to the industry 6+ years of related experience Demonstrated aptitude for learning new technologies Familiarity with various programming languages and development platforms Strong knowledge of browser compatibility problems for all platforms and major browser types Ability to effectively communicate both verbally and in writing High level of integrity and work ethic Ability to prioritize and manage conflicting demands Demonstrated time management skills Ability to work individually as well as part of a team High flexibility with strong interpersonal skills that allow one to work effectively in a diverse environment Bonus pay Casual dress Work from home Flexible schedule Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Wellness program Software Development: 6+ years (Preferred) 
ScrapedJobID793:
Develop high-quality, performant, maintainable software as a cloud service and for web applications. Build software and cloud infrastructure that enable previously impossible simulations. Profile and gather data to drive performance improvements and new feature development. Be a part of defining the full life cycle of software development projects. This may include, but is not limited to, scoping, scheduling, and providing time estimates with respect to requirements Integrate third-party services to provide better capabilities for customers Collaborate with scientists and other software developers Develop and implement unit and integration testing strategies 3-5 years of experience with cloud service development, including design, implementation, testing, operations, and maintenance Proficiency with RESTful microservice interface development using the correct tools for the job A desire to ensure that everything you build has a dedicated testing framework in place Hands-on experience with CI/CD workflows, automation scripting, and tools like Jenkins or Travis Hands-on experience with Python Experience with major public cloud providers like Azure or AWS. Experience with Git or other version control tools Hands-on experience with software design and infrastructure-as-code architecture Experience with developing web services that interact with user-sensitive information Experience working with containerized deployment technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes A dedication to maintaining team unity and effectiveness through the sharing of information and expertise, and striving for team success An openness to soliciting feedback to improve your performance and, in turn, continually providing input to team members to elevate team performance and contribute to 1QBit’s culture 
ScrapedJobID794:
Must be detail-oriented with the ability to learn new technologies and libraries through self-study Work closely with system designers to develop architecture and create implementation plans Review, test and enhance existing features Performance tuning, testing, and documentation Handling inbound support and responding to bug reports 3 years of professional software development experience Comprehensive knowledge of frontend web development technologies, including JavaScript, CSS, HTML Experience developing web application backends using Flask, Django, Rails, Express, or an equivalent framework Experience with relational databases such as Postgres or MySQL Past experience with using software development tools and methods (source control, unit testing, bug tracking, continuous integration, etc.) Desired Experience Experience with Python. Experience deploying software on cloud platforms (e.g. GCP, AWS, Microsoft Azure) 8 hour shift Day shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID795:
Designing, maintaining, and programming of web systems. Work collaboratively within an agile team. Collaborate with members of other teams, clients, partners, and a variety of other stakeholders. Web application development Docker Git High degree of expertise in Windows, Linux, and/or macOS Data ETL Data Reporting and Visualization Technical Writing Quality Assurance (aka: Testing) VPN SSH Basic Multimedia skills DevOps and Automation PHP, Python, Java, C#, etc AMQ, MQTT systems System Administration Atlassian Suite Google Workspace Microsoft Office Advanced multimedia skills Mobile Platforms (ex: Android, iOS) Computer Science Software Engineering “Developer Bootcamps” 
ScrapedJobID796:
Alberta is preferred Exceptional candidates from out-of-province may be considered Work across the full stack, building solutions that enable positive user experiences and measurable business growth Develop new features and infrastructure in support of rapidly emerging business and project requirements Assume leadership of new projects from conceptualization to deployment Ensure application performance, uptime, and scale, maintaining a high standard of code quality and thoughtful application design Work with agile development methodologies, adhering to best practices and pursuing continued learning opportunities Participate in all aspects of agile software development including design, implementation, and deployment Work primarily in Elixir, Phoenix Framework, and JavaScript Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information technology, or engineering 5+ years of experience building web applications Experience designing and integrating RESTful APIs Excellent debugging and optimization skills Experience with multiple cloud providers (AWS, GCP, Azure) Unit/Integration testing experience. Interest in learning new tools, languages, workflows, and philosophies to grow Knowledge of Elixir, Phoenix Framework, Tailwind CSS, and JavaScript Experience with AWS (S3, EC2, RDS, CloudSearch, MediaConvert, Cognito, Lambda) A self-starter. Someone who takes initiative on their own without waiting to be told what to do The flexibility required to work in an entrepreneurial environment, where priorities can change quickly Strong teamwork and communication skills Work from home Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (required) Software development: 5 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID797:
Ensure that software is developed to meet functional and non-functional requirements. Understand and evolve application within the context of broader context of market risk suite. Contribute to feature and story refinement as well as requirements. Code solutions and unit tests to deliver story requirements per defined acceptance criteria. Assist team with resolving technical complexities and Issues. Expert level of C# and .Net framework. Development of APIs (REST, SOAP, etc.) Strong proficiency in development and testing practices- common to the industry. Familiarity with modern web development frameworks (React, NodeJS, ASP.NET) Good understanding of design patterns and best practices. Experience with REST API design. Strong working knowledge of SQL (large relational databases). Practical experience with Python. Ability to clearly communicate technical concepts. Ability to work independently with minimum supervision. Knowledge of GIT, Jenkins and continuous build tools Familiarity with UNIX shell scripts 
ScrapedJobID798:
Develop and implement solutions that primarily focus on web technologies, mobile (native/hybrid), J2EE platforms, API, Service Oriented Architecture and integration technologies. Fully participate in application detailed design, estimation, and documentation. Participate in code and design reviews. Provide technical and design support for other team members (e.g. QA, BA’s) Be available to support after hour activities (e.g. deployments, incident investigation) when necessary Engage in ongoing skills development and knowledge acquisition Be cognizant of security, organizational risk, PCI, and business at all stages of the software delivery lifecycle Application detailed design, development, testing and documentation for client group applications Participation on project activities and progress reporting to development lead and functional manager Provide 3rd level support to application support team for incident and problem resolution Be a self-driven member of a cross functional development team to deliver solutions for business requirements Play an active role and take ownership of optimization and performance activities Post-secondary education, preferably in Computer Science or related field with 1-2 years practical experience in Information Systems ideally Experience with the software development life cycle via Agile programming practices (such as Scrum or Kanban) Web application development experience with the understanding of object oriented design patterns service-oriented architectures, including web services (REST, JSON, JMS, SOAP, XML) Knowledge of Spring/J2EE based delivery, SOA and architectural experience or industry certification Knowledge and experience regarding the practical application of security/risk concepts, standards and regulations in the financial industry Experience designing and delivering web based solutions integrating to legacy back-end environments Development experience in the following is an asset: Adobe Experience Manager (core framework) Web 2.0, AJAX and Single Page Applications Apache CXF, Tomcat, Websphere, IHS Cordova, Angular.js, node.js, BootStrap Java EE, JUnit, Spring, XML, MQ Series/JMS Web application firewalls, AppDynamics Atlassian suite, Maven, Jenkins, Bitbucket (Git) API Gateways management, microservices RHEL/Scripting/Commands Experience with portals and web content management 
ScrapedJobID799:
Write, document, and maintain code Work with team members to review/analyze software requirements and functional specifications, evaluate technologies, and create implementation plans Work with the support team and customers as part of the product development lifecycle Validate and troubleshoot technical issues, both within the application code and outside of it Perform functional and regression testing, both manually and using automation tools, in multiple environments Participate in special projects and perform other duties as required Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience in software development Extensive experience designing and implement UI designs across a multitude of web platforms (desktop, tablet, mobile) and browsers Experience with UI design HTML5 and related technologies (CSS, Javascript APIs) Cross platform JavaScript (ECMAScript current and ES.Next. JavaScript Design Patterns) Front-end JavaScript frameworks and libraries (Vue.js) Ability to work with server side programming stacks (LAMP, GoLang) Familiarity with MS Windows development (.Net) Familiarity with build tools (Gulp, Webpack, Grunt, or like tools) Troubleshooting and analysis skills; Familiarity with QA tooling (Selenium, Jasmine, or like tools) Experience with working with data stores (SQL and noSQL) Familiarity with server side Linux, docker, as well as Apache or the like Proficient with Git or a similar source version control system Understanding of agile web software development methodologies, values, and procedures. Excellent communication (verbal and written), planning and time-management skills 
ScrapedJobID800:
Write, test and deploy code for various applications to meet business needs as they arise Participate in architecture design decisions, and investigate SDKs, frameworks and APIs Support internal processes through the creation of data models, workflows and automation ‘First Line’ responder to our helpdesk call center Support internal processes through the creation of workflows and automation Support company training and continuous improvement initiatives by knowledge sharing Computer Science degree, or Web Development / Data Analytics related diploma, with a skillset proven through relevant work experience or personal projects Adept in developing Web interfaces by understanding the user workflow according to the requirements Knowledge of MS Azure Serverless offerings eg. Function App, Event Hub, B2C Active Directory React, Typescript, HTML5, ASP.net, MVC.net, C#, VB.net, Java, CSS, JavaScript, IIS, MS SQL Server Aptitude developing applications leveraging JSON or XML based RESTful APIs Ability to learn utilization of networking, permissions, virtualized systems, AD, Windows services Proficiency in data analysis, modelling and visualization using modern Business Intelligence tools Knowledge of object-oriented programming, client server architecture, relational database management Knowledge of Data Science / Machine Learning related technologies will be considered an asset Air-conditioned manufacturing facility Health, dental, vision care Life insurance Company pension plan Tuition reimbursement Employee Assistance Plan Retirement benefits Wellness committee 
ScrapedJobID801:
Design and develop new features and product improvements Prepare documentation related to implementation Perform code reviews and provide feedback Have a proficient understanding of software development processes Interface with internal departments to investigate and resolve reported software issues Train and guide junior developers Recommend software improvements Have basic domain knowledge A diploma or university degree in Computer Science or Technology At least 2-3 years of experience in a similar role, or demonstrable fluency in software development Strong experience with javascript/typescript + React.js Strong understanding of the javascript object model, DOM manipulation, CSS, and other common web development skills Experience with modern web development tooling such as webpack, npm, babel, etc Familiarity with RESTful web services Knowledge and experience in common software development processes Strong initiative and ability to work with minimal supervision Excellent ability to work in a team environment Ability to communicate clearly and competently, verbally and in writing Experience working with the Microsoft Office Add-ins platform (ExcelAPI, office.js, fluent UI) 
ScrapedJobID802:

ScrapedJobID803:
Organize and manage project details, timelines and requirements. Manage development team and external resources. Ability to translate client needs into a project brief. Development and presentation of proposals for new client work. Provision of training and support to clients. Accountable for project delivery that meets all customer expectations, on time and on budget. Managing multiple projects from conception to completion, anticipating challenges and meeting deadlines. Working both independently and with team members to estimate costs for new project work, including change management elements on active projects. 3+ years of experience as a Project Manager in a web development or creative agency (the more experience, the better!). Proven experience planning and organizing your own work and that of others, juggling multiple timelines, keeping the entire team on-time, projects and tasks on-track, all while fostering internal and external relationships. Understand user experience, creative design, development, QA, analytics and SEO/SEM. Demonstrated willingness to be flexible and adaptable to changing priorities. Highly organized with an ability to self-manage while focusing on process and task details. Strong communication and interpersonal skills and the ability to translate complex information in simpler terms. You’re a team player who adds to our fun, dynamic office culture. Creative, fun, and fast-paced office environment A fun, close-knit company culture A team that works smart and has your back Competitive salary Paid holiday and vacation Health & dental benefits Snacks and beverages (in the office) Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Web Development Project Management: 3 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID804:
Write effective and scalable code using Ruby on Rails Build components for web applications Test applications for performance, responsiveness, and security Review and debug code Integrate data storage and data processing solutions Build, install and share libraries and plugins Create automated test scripts Improve, monitor, and maintain applications after deployment Coordinate with team members who work on different layers of infrastructure Other duties as assigned 6+ years of web development experience 3+ years of recent Ruby on Rails experience Strong database experience; preferably in MySQL.Strong Javascript skills Experience with AngularJS and Coffeescript is a big plus Bonus if experienced in any of these: MongoDB, Elixir, DevOps Smart, friendly, get stuff done. Driven, proactive, disciplined, and hardworking. Competent coder; comfortable in multiple languages, frameworks, and environments. “Full-stack” experience. Past experiences at other startups is a plus, but not required. Organized, administratively strong, and have solid writing, phone, and general communication skills Fluent in English (spoken and written). Knowledge of a second language is considered an asset Willing to participate in ongoing education and training for the role Fully remote position allowing you to work from your home anywhere in the world Exciting and dynamic environment with a great leadership team Comprehensive training program and regular performance reviews to facilitate your success Competitive compensation based on experience and proven abilities Great referral programs with incentives and bonuses Unbelievable product discounts when you use our products for your own business A global workforce of multi-cultural and talented colleagues A close-knit operation with amazing growth opportunities for your personal development A high growth SaaS technology company publicly traded on the TSX Venture Exchange Corporate headquarters in beautiful Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada Access to our education credits program and so much more ! Website: www.wishpond.com Facebook: wishpond Instagram: @wishpondofficial Twitter: wishpond Youtube: thewishpond LinkedIn : wishpond 
ScrapedJobID805:
You’ll have the once-in-a-career opportunity to be a part of a movement— YoppWorks is committed to the Open-Source Community and we strongly believe all good projects start with open-source technology. As a dedicated partner of Lightbend and Google, it is the YoppWorks mission to ensure every project engagement is a success. Our Partners have some great commercial products available to support each phase of the project lifecycle. You’ll make more than just a paycheque. You’ll have the opportunity to combine your passion with purpose every day while achieving tangible results. You’ll join a high-performing, purpose-driven team that will help you advance your skills and adopt the growth mindset that’s essential to success at our company (and in everyday life). Our inclusive environment will allow you to come to work each day and be your best, most authentic self. 2+ years experience using Vue.js, TypeScript, CSS, HTML 5+ years experience with FE frameworks (Angular) and Javascript. BSc Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or related discipline or comparable experience/education preferred Helped build and maintain UI pattern libraries, conducted stakeholder and user interviews, and collected & documented business and design requirements Experience with Agile Development Methodology, current Usability and Accessibility Best Practices Experience working with front end web developers to create pixel perfect websites and applications Skillful at interacting and working with people in a leadership role; working with a self-organized lean and agile team to mitigate key project technical risks, managing effort, and ensuring quality Personable and enthusiastic Ability to work as a team member in a creative, analytical, problem-solving environment Flexible with the ability to travel as required (once Covid-19 restrictions are removed) An environment where constant learning is the norm. Opportunity to work in a fast-paced environment for a dynamic company with a history of proven success. Join a team of innovative thinkers as part of a rapidly growing company that is all about helping businesses create innovative corporate and workplace giving programs. Connect with a passionate group in an open, collaborative, and fun environment. We believe in the power of diversity and we’re dedicated to creating a diverse, equitable and inclusive environment at YoppWorks. We ensure equal opportunity for all applicants and encourage people of all visible minorities, including Indigenous applicants, and those of any religion, sex, age, ability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression to apply. Gender diversity and equality benefits everyone. We’re committed to supporting all gender identities and expressions in tech by sharing stories and advocating for equality. 
ScrapedJobID806:
Communication Energy and Stress Team Work Quality Orientation Problem Solving Accountability and Dependability Operating Equipment Ethics and Integrity Website and software application designing, building or maintaining. Using scripting or authoring languages, management tools, content creation tools, applications and digital media Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related technical discipline A minimum of two (2) years of Software Development (web). Preferences will be given to candidates with data governance, data migration or with the financial sector experience. Minimum two (2) years of experience with web development (Angular, Javascript, CSS) Minimum two (2) years of experience with C#, shell script, and web API Minimum two (2) years of experience with MS SQL 2008+, Oracle and Teradata would be considered a strong asset Good working knowledge of Agile Development would be an asset Good working knowledge of GIT or TFS would be an asset Attention to detail with the ability to self-manage project deadlines Strong work ethic and positive team attitude. Manual dexterity required to use desktop computer and peripherals. Work is of a repetitive nature Can work from home, however Candidate are preferred to be in the Moncton region. Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Vision care Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Do you live in the Moncton region? Javascript: 3 years (required) Angular: 3 years (required) CSS: 3 years (required) C#: 3 years (required) Web API: 3 years (required) MS SQL: 3 years (required) Oracle: 3 years (preferred) Teradata: 3 years (preferred) Data Migration: 2 years (required) No 
ScrapedJobID807:
Having an immediate and direct impact on the customer experience Having a continuous impact on the productivity of development teams Evolving the application architecture in collaboration with your colleagues from all business lines Be a stakeholder in technology evolution initiatives Javascript/React iOS mobile development (Objective-C and Swift) Android mobile development (Java) React-Native Test automation, unit and functional (Robot framework, selenium, appium) DevOps (Jenkins, feature toggling, monitoring) Openshift (Docker and Kubernetes) GraphQL React-Native , 1-2 years, Mandatory React, 5-8 years Mandatory Javacript, 5-8 years, Required Objective-C Knowledge Desirable Java android Knowledge Required Swift Knowledge Desirable 
ScrapedJobID808:
Control the design of new and exciting features involving both backend / frontend work Improve website SEO and website / app UI/UX Set up and manage external APIs interacting with betstamp’s backend Optimize database queries and endpoint speed Build analytic features to analyze betstamp’s backend data Port pages from the web to the app or vice versa (and optimize them) Python Django / Django Rest Framework React (web) React Native / Expo (mobile) Strong passion for sports / sports betting 2+ Years of Software Development Experience 
ScrapedJobID809:
Managing project timelines at all stages to ensure deadlines are met Developing and maintaining software systems and servers Front and back end development of websites and apps Analyzing code work for accuracy and functionality Coaching team members on new technology and innovative industry trends Coordinating task delegation to appropriate team members Implementing software development best practices including continuous integration, agile development workflows, automated testing and monitoring First point of contact for troubleshooting and outages Other tasks and duties as assigned Advanced education in IT, Computer Science or related field of study, or equivalent experience 3-5 years of experience working through the full lifecycle of software development (requirements, architecture, design, development, QA, deployment) 3+ years of full stack web development experience Intermediate experience with PHP and Laravel Previous experience developing with JavaScript frameworks such as React or VueJS Experience developing APIs, relational database management systems ie MySQL Previous experience working with SRED claims Strong usage of project management software (ex. Asana, JIRA, etc.) Strong written and verbal communication skills An aptitude for monitoring and designing based on industry trends or upcoming technology Ability to be flexible and multitask within a fast-moving environment Interpersonal relationship building skills with a growth mindset Experience leading a team of developers in a mentoring environment Experience with business analysis or product development Experience participating in code reviews Experience with sprint planning as a scrim leader Experience with Linux Server Administration Experience with Bash scripting Experience improving the process or system in which a team works Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Victoria, BC: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred) Software development: 3 years (preferred) Full Stack Web Development: 3 years (preferred) PHP: 2 years (preferred) Laravel: 2 years (preferred) JavaScript: 2 years (preferred) Team management: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID810:
you have at least 4-5 years programming experience and a digital portfolio you have experience in HTML, CSS, Javccript/JQuery, PHP, Python*, HTML5 and MySQL *Experience in Python and Django CMS will be considered a strong asset you have experience using Twitter Bootstrap and responsive layout frameworks you have some experience in mobile development (iOS, Android) you have experience with Photoshop and Illustrator you have experience with database structures and SQL programming you can work on a project alone or in a team Salary to be negotiated based on work experience. Please indicate your salary expectations when submitting your resume. Full benefits package Profit sharing program Room to grow within company Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Profit sharing Vision care Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends Yes 
ScrapedJobID811:
4- 7 years of experience as a Software Engineer Professional software development experience in ReactJS, Node.js, Express.js. Solid experience in asynchronous web programming with experience in React, Angular JS, jQuery, JavaScript, TypeScript, CSS, Html. Experience working with RESTful APIs, JSON, etc. Proficiency with Unit/Functional test automation Experience with Git, Jenkins, build and deployment systems Good working experience in OpenStack/AWS & cloud application development and deployment Working knowledge of cloud technologies, DevOps Strong debugging skills Strong collaboration skills You have good written and oral communication skills, are a go-getter. We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate based upon race, religion, colour, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. 
ScrapedJobID812:
University or College degree in computer science, information systems, or equivalent Experience developing n-tier applications in Java/ASP.Net/PHP/Salesforce or equivalent Experience with JavaScript frameworks such as React/Angular/View Experience implementing Unit Test Frameworks Experience building on the Salesforce platform (Apex, SOQL) Experience developing Financial Applications Ability to work directly with business analysts to understand requirements and architect solutions A desire to work in a collaborative team environment Attention to detail and a desire to deliver excellence Willingness to learn from and teach others This is a full-time position with an industry leading company where we are currently working remotely Flexible Work Hours Flexible schedule Work from home 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID813:
Competitive Salary Comprehensive Benefit and Pension Plan Employee Assistance Program Wellness Program Employee Recognition Program Work in conjunction with stakeholders, research and development team members to support our technology business decisions by assisting in product development and research concepts and initiatives. Participate in and oversee a peer code review process, ensuring adherence to standards and proper implementation. Drive the right technology choices for both immediate and long-term growth through rapid prototype and research. Create, update, or ensure technical documentation is created as applications are built or modified. Participate in all phases of the development cycle, including planning, daily standups, demos and retrospectives as required. Improve the quality of all solutions by actively participating in the testing process through unit testing and bug fixes. Interface with other technology team members to ensure issue-free deployments. Set and showcase high standards and act as a mentor to other team members by demonstrating and enforcing the right developer behaviors to ensure both quality and efficiency. Conduct or participate in planning and review meetings, involving technical staff and line management representing user departments and various information technology departments. Take ownership of deliverables and provide leadership as a senior technical member of the team, resolving impediments and executing technical direction throughout delivery. Implement best practices for testing, deploying, and developing code. Prepare and/or review specifications, proposals, investigative reports, business case documents, design documents, maintenance documentation, operating instructions, and user manuals. Provide technical notes and guidelines as input to selection, acquisition, migration, usage and application of technology products and related services. Identify/analyze system issues, estimate time, recommend enhancements and commit to the development deliverables and plan as a component of the overall project plan. Design and deliver system integrations based on technology team standards and best practices. Provide regular updates to Project Managers and IT management of solution development deliverables. Actively participate in project meetings providing guidance and expertise to technical team. Collaborate with technology team members and vendors assisting in the work and scheduling of activities. Performs other duties as required. Bachelor’s Degree in IT or equivalent. Extra specialized training is an asset. At least 6 years of experience working in IT. Provide software expertise in Azure Integration Services, C#, .NET, SQL Server. Execute web application and integration deployments and web server technology (Windows Server, IIS), Work within a framework with source control systems (TFS, GIT, and SVN) Develop integrations using Azure Integration Services, batch processes, third party integration tools addressing use cases requiring synchronous and asynchronous, real-time or near real-time data and message exchange, and ETL like integrations. Develop shared reusable components to increase reusability and solution robustness. Participate in architecture and system design as a whole. Coding expert. provide timeline estimates and deliverables on sprint commitments. Collaborates with internal stakeholders to develop and build effective solutions. 
ScrapedJobID814:
You will be building out new features and integrations for our web application. You’ll work directly with the CTO, as well as the marketing and design teams, to strategize and prioritize new components and design changes; You’ll have ownership over your work, and get the chance to work on a variety of tasks; You’ll address concerns from the team and customers as your new features roll out. You’re currently enrolled in a Bachelor's degree program in Software Engineering/Computer Science or a related technical field. Familiarity with the JavaScript language and its modern ES6+ syntax and features; Familiarity with a server-side language such as PHP, ASP.NET, C++, PYTHON. High coding standards and an ability to follow best practices of the tech stack; Solid analytical and problem-solving skills with high attention to detail; You’re able to learn new concepts and technologies on an independent basis. You’re capable of working remotely and on flexible schedules. You are a Canadian citizen, permanent resident, or a person to whom refugee protection has been conferred under the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act. You’re legally able to work in Canada. Familiarity with the Vue.js ecosystem, including Vue CLI, Vuex, Vue Router, and Nuxt.js; Full-mastery of a front-end JS framework like Angular, React or Vue; Contribution to open-source projects and a GitHub portfolio to share; Proficiency with modern development tools, like Babel and Webpack; Experience developing and supporting scalable web interfaces; Work from home 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID815:
Ability to design, develop, test, implement and maintain C#/VB ASP.NET/MVC web applications and web services with SQL Server database connectivity, and other web technologies such as HTML, JavaScript, jQuery, XML, AJAX Able to maintain and develop commented, well-engineered and tested code based on the outlined business logic Effectively collaborate with the Quality Assurance team to resolve defects Ability to interact with team members to plan and estimate development tasks Continuously provide technical improvements to internal tools and libraries, as well as share best practices Prior experience building multi-tier, distributed web or mobile applications Thorough understanding of theoretical concepts such as Object Oriented Analysis and Design. Strong problem solving abilities, and ability to pick up and adapt to new concepts quickly Strong ability to follow prescribed development standards and to work as a team player Strong desire to continually expand knowledge, learn and adapt to new tools and technologies Minimum 2+ years application development experience using Microsoft .NET technologies including VB.NET and C#. Web development experience using MVC5, HTML5, MS SQL, EntityFramework, WebAPI2 and Kendo UI (2+ years). Experience with Microsoft Azure or Amazon Web Services Experience with REST API and JSON. Familiarity with JQuery/JavaScript/Bootstrap. Familiarity with Dependency Injection Frameworks. Experience with Visual Studio, Azure Devops, and NuGet package management. Relational database and dimensional database modeling experience. Demonstrate a high level of customer service. Maintain a high level of project quality, and timely project delivery. Excellent debugging skills; able to debug complex technical issues involving multiple System components. Experience with mobile app development for both native iOS and Android platforms, using XCode and Android Studio IDE. Familiarity with Swift and Kotlin. Assist in the success of regular deployments Maintain an effective product by prioritizing bug fixes Produce clean, valuable features and functionality with minimal amount of bugs Assist in maintenance and development of our Mobile App, “LeadCore” Assist product development team with obstacles or roadblocks Unreliable product releases with prevalent bugs Unable to problem solve various stakeholder issues Contribute to an overloaded Product Development Team Have an unproductive relationship with stakeholders Fail to produce sufficient bug fixes Bonus pay Dental care Extended health care Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID816:
Aptitude for software engineering Solid knowledge and understanding of web architecture Experience with standard web, mobile web Clear communication in code and in writing Ability to pick up new languages, frameworks and development styles Fast learner Experience with PHP Familiar with Zend Framework, Symfony Experience with the Drupal WCM/CMS Familiar with HTML5 / CSS3 Familiar with Javascript / jQuery / Ajax / JSON Experience with 1 or more cutting edge frameworks like Node.js Ruby on Rails Understanding of cross-browser / cross-platform compatibility issues Ability to work in a tightly integrated team environment with an agile development focus Experience WCMs like Drupal, WordPress and Magento Ecommerce Experience with HTML5, JavaScript & have an interest in hybrid mobile apps Built something cool with Ruby, Node.js, MongoDB, API development Contribute to open source projects on Github - send us your username if you do Regularly read Hacker News – send us your username if you do 
ScrapedJobID817:
How to work with Data Intensive Systems How to use queue-based systems like Redis, Kafka, and Pulsar Kubernetes Fundamentals around Deployment and various architecture patterns How to work with Machine Learning models The basics of building and training Machine Learning models React Experience – 1-5 years NodeJS Experience – 1-5 years Cloud Experience – 1+ years Experience with any testing framework Some familiarity with Python Familiarity with Containerization concepts Significant Python Experience Experience with Three.js Experience with Charting/Visualization packages, either in JavaScript or Python. (d3.js, plotly.js, matplotlib, etc.) Experience with distributed systems and Microservices development Experience with Kubernetes Test Driven Development Experience Experience building ETL pipelines Performance Profiling experience, especially in Python Flexible schedule Stock options Work from home Monday to Friday Are you permitted to work in Canada? 
ScrapedJobID818:
Develop high-impact features end to end on web and mobile. Act as a tech lead for larger projects. Create and analyze A/B tests for new features. Collaborate with PMs and designers to find the right approach to build a feature. Provide feedback to engineers in the form of code reviews and comments on technical documents. 5-6+ years of experience with web development in production, preferably with the tools in our stack: Python/Django for web apps and APIs, Celery for background jobs, MySQL, Redis, ElasticSearch, React Native for cross-platform mobile apps. A deep understanding of best practices in UX, and the differences between web and mobile. Experience working with Graph Databases or Machine Learning is a plus. Track record of launching and iterating on apps or large software projects. Experience as a tech lead on features or projects. Enthusiasm for evaluating new services and technologies and shaping the culture and values of the team. Have used Hyperview 
ScrapedJobID819:
Firm grasp of JavaScript (ES6+ and/or TypeScript) and its nuances applied during 3+ years of professional experience 3+ years of professional Ruby and Rails experience Ability to write clean, well-documented code Knowledge of functional programming Rock solid at working with third-party dependencies and debugging dependency conflicts Understanding of REST APIs React experience and knowledge of state management (without Redux) Experience with automated testing suites, like Jest, Mocha or Rspec Experience with tools like Bugsnag or Honeybadger to monitor application stability and chase down bugs Passion for making things better Comfortable navigating *nix environments Excited by technical design discussion and have a passion for making things better Interested in building integrations, API's, and transforming data into a variety of obscure legacy formats (thanks health insurance industry!) Strong command of git: comfortable with interactive rebases and dealing with tricky conflicts Familiarity with project management tools such as GitHub issues and/or Jira Experience with writing SQL Familiarity with cloud architecture generally and AWS specifically Extended healthcare from day one. Participation in Jane’s employee stock option plan (JSOP). Investment in your career development & growth. $500 annual health spending account. Generous vacation policy along with your birthday off! Three annual Jane-cation days: additional days off. 
ScrapedJobID820:
PHP Platform: Laravel, in MVC structure ORM: Eloquent Jig: Twig, via Twigbridge (managed by Front-end developers) Collaboration methodology: Gitflow, via Gitlab. Development spaces under LAMP, with Cloudlinux and Cpanel The web developer must be comfortable with project management frameworks that vary from project to project and must be able to work as a team on files of different sizes (from 2 hours to 4 years!). 3 to 5 years experience in a similar position* At least 2 years of MVC development, with a Framework supporting MVC (e.g.: Symfony, Laravel, Codeigniter, etc…) In-depth knowledge in PHP (5.2 to 7.2 and above), MYSQL At least 2 years of team-based experience with GIT Creating scripts in PHP as an AJAX end-point Have created REST-API server scripts in PHP Know the Linux command line and the bases of operations on Linux servers under Cpanel Knowledge and proficiency in web design standards Experience in performing insurance tests Ability to write internal technical documentation Portfolio and/or online references required Self-organizing ability within Kanban while respecting priorities Capacity or interest in Dev-Ops, such as CI/CD automation under gitlab, Gallera cluster management, Apache load balancers, NAS servers, etc… with availability for emergencies Bachelor’s degree in computer science or other relevant training Excellent communication in French Understanding of Gitflow (will be taught if missing) Basic knowledge in Javascript and Twig to help the Front-End team (very occasional) Proficiency in Laravel and Eloquent (to be learned if missing) Knowledge of Codeigniter (to maintain some old projects) Understanding of Domain Driven Design (will be taught if missing) Knowledge of English The position involves an intermediate experience Backend developer, but high quality junior candidates with excellent training and a well-filled portfolio will not be automatically rejected if they meet all other criteria. 
ScrapedJobID821:
Experience: Ideally you will have experience with databases such as Oracle and Microsoft SQL Server. Experience working with cloud-based technology (eg. AWS) and an Agile working environment Skills: Proficiency in programming languages such as Java, Ruby, python. Front end web development experience with technologies such as React, HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Knowledge of Linux systems and operating system internals Characteristics: Great team player and communicator, comfortable in a rapidly changing environment. Inquisitive, detailed oriented and with a problem-solving mindset. Proactive and confident in working independently Education: Bachelor's degree in information technology, computer science or engineering required You'll use the latest languages and platforms and will be joining the ranks of the most talented and experienced tech workers in the industry You will enjoy competitive base salary and incentive packages, plus generous paid annual leave entitlement that includes 20 vacation days, 11 holidays and 5 days of sick leave (with carry-over) For 2022 your Medical, Dental & Vision Insurance premiums will be on us You'll also be entitled to the RRSP program with company match, life insurance (short-term, and long-term, and disability insurance. Flexible, social professional company culture; partial work from home flexibility Orionites are never short of good times and we pride ourselves on our social but professional company culture We support our Orionites keenness to learn and grow by providing unlimited access to LinkedIn Learning 
ScrapedJobID822:
Write, maintain and deliver code while understanding the business needs; based on the size of our team and work required, you will spend the majority of your time writing code for our application. Our application has three major features; collecting employee data, mining data for insights and presenting it to users in a meaningful way that protects employee anonymity and inspires action. You will receive work from the development team process that focuses on building out bigger pieces of the product. You will also help the customer service team troubleshoot when issues arise that require development support for an immediate fix. Apply testing frameworks; you will be responsible for taking our current testing framework and applying it to our application. Through this process, you will look for areas of improvement and ensure they are applied. Apply testing frameworks; you will be responsible for taking our current testing framework and applying it to our application. Through this process, you will look for areas of improvement and ensure they are applied. Help define the future of the product by participating in defining features and road-maps. You are able to connect your work to an understanding of our product and the end-user experience. This role requires you to have a business understanding of how our product is used by customers and expects that you are able to participate in linking development work to how the product supports those who use it. You will be a key participant in meetings across the organization to both gain insight, and give perspective that connects the development team to the broader business context. Act as a team member on the development and WorkTango team as a whole; collaboration with team members is our top priority. You will be working with people both senior and junior to you, whom you will be expected to collaborate with regularly. For example, you will be spending most of your time in development, which will require interaction with the design team and other developers. You may play a dev ops role with the customer service team and clients in need of immediate help to solve internal technical issues. A large part of your success in this role will be determined through your ability to collaborate with others in the organization and help contribute to the team and the goals we are trying to achieve. A true Senior developer; to us this means you have a history of proven work experience working with designers, pm’s and other developers. You can speak about one or more programming languages with authority and have deployed applications that are in the hands of users. Your next learning areas might include architecture, security, performance and infrastructure management. Years of experience is likely irrelevant; but you probably remember the rise of static web apps (Angular, React etc) and the growth of serverless and cloud computing. Determined and meticulous with your work; you take pride in what you create and can independently deliver code that meets high-quality standards. You live in the space between the competing priorities of shipping code quickly and being a perfectionist around its structure. You are growth-oriented; you are continually honing your craft, and keeping up with the best tools for the job. You listen to development-related podcasts, read blogs, attend meetups and other learning events with the desire to be masterful in your craft. With this growth mindset, you are open to input and feedback from those around you and willing to change based on the feedback that you get. You hope this role will develop you into a senior developer and we will work to make that happen. You are growth-oriented; you are continually honing your craft, and keeping up with the best tools for the job. You listen to development-related podcasts, read blogs, attend meetups and other learning events with the desire to be masterful in your craft. With this growth mindset, you are open to input and feedback from those around you and willing to change based on the feedback that you get. You hope this role will develop you into a senior developer and we will work to make that happen. Someone familiar with parts of our tech stack; Frontend: React, Material UI
Backend: Node.js, MySQL, Knex, Sequelize
DevOps: AWS, GitLab Frontend: React, Material UI
Backend: Node.js, MySQL, Knex, Sequelize
DevOps: AWS, GitLab Frontend: React, Material UI Backend: Node.js, MySQL, Knex, Sequelize DevOps: AWS, GitLab Business and customer oriented team-player; you focus on working collaboratively with all teams in our business. You understand that inputs from clients, customer-service, sales and other departments will help you guide your work and you value their input. You understand our end-user and how the backend of our application impacts our client’s work lives. Someone who is inspired by our virtues; our founders have invested their lives in ensuring WorkTango lives and breathes what we’re trying to create for customers. Our passion statement and virtues drive our actions and decision-making. You have not only read these on our website but can speak to how you’ll influence them if you join our team. 
ScrapedJobID823:
Expert at HTML+CSS Expert with Javascript (JQuery, Script.aculo.us, Prototype) Familiarity with cross-browsing and responsive technologies Knowledge of frameworks (Bootstrap, Symfony, PHPCake, Zend, etc) Back-end programming experience Knowledge of PHP or ASP.NET Experience with Different types of Databases (MySQL, MsSQL, etc.) 3+ years of Front End developing and testing Experience working in a formal software development environment Linux, Mac O/S, MySQL, PHP 4/5, Apache/Light HTTP technology experience based on LAMP model 
ScrapedJobID824:
Design and develop our Platform services and applications by following patterns and best practices Evaluate product implementation plans to deliver highly scalable and reusable services Develop high-quality code to implement business value Implement and maintain applications and services using CI/CD pipelines to automate the distribution process 70% Writing code and unit tests for microservices 20% Collaboration with customers to understand their requirements and the context for the software 5% Attending daily stand-ups, and other meetings 5% Exploring new technologies outside the scope of project deliverables BSc in Computer Science or a related field 2-3 years of experience in professional web development Minimum 2 years of experience in Dotnet Core or Python Experience working on different cloud providers (AWS, AZURE, GCP) Developing and using RESTful APIs Good experience with shared code and use of source control platforms (GitHub) Knowledge of Agile software development processes Experience working in a DevOps/Continuous Delivery environment and associated toolsets (CircleCI, JIRA) Skilled with writing and maintaining automated unit tests Great communication skills as a member of a Remote-First team Passion for web technologies and a desire to remain up to date with the latest technologies AWS - Infrastructure as Code (CDK, Terraform) Experience working with Lambdas Strong knowledge of object-oriented and asynchronous programming in JavaScript/TypeScript Experience working on high-traffic, responsive websites and applications Experience with Data Warehouse Experience interacting and coordinating UI designs with business React Experience Work with a team of supportive, highly skilled professionals on leading edge technology A strong mentorship culture to help you grow and succeed professionally A flexible vacation policy where you decide how many vacation days you need Education & Training stipends to support your personal career goals Hardware and workstation allowance to ensure you are set up to do your best work at home We are a remote-first company and always will be! 
ScrapedJobID825:
Write, modify, integrate and test software code Prepare reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements Research and evaluate a variety of software products Program special effects software for film and video applications Maintain existing computer programs by making modifications as required 
ScrapedJobID826:
Provide quality technical consulting services on a variety of client engagements while keeping within the project scope and ensuring client deliverables are on time Develop user requirements and detailed design documents Develop quality code in technologies such as, but not limited to, .NET, Java, JavaScript, SQL and CSS Assist in estimating effort to complete project tasks Assist in testing software for quality Assist in implementing software products for MNP clients Develop a thorough understanding of MNP’s services, businesses and industry Contribute to the development of new ideas and approaches to improve work processes Raise awareness of MNP at community events Attend internal MNP courses to further develop your technology consulting knowledge Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related education and/or experience 1 to 2 years of experience developing with the following: HTML5, JavaScript, .NET-C#, ASP.NET MVC, JAVA, SQL, SQL Server and Oracle Experience with tools such as TFS, Git clients (for source control) Experience with Visual Studio and/or other IDEs for .NET and Java Experience with Windows, Unix and Linux operating systems Experience with web development or web services Solid understanding of the SDLC Ability to gather and define user and system requirements Eligible to obtain security clearance and a background check Experience writing unit tests and using automated test tools are considered an asset Ability to produce technical documentation is considered an asset Agile or Scrum approaches would be an asset 
ScrapedJobID827:
8 hour shift full stack developer: 2 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID828:
According to the Deloitte Fast 50 and Deloitte Fast 500, respectively. Write and test code that is performant, scalable, maintainable and meets functional requirements Collaborate with software developers, designers and product managers to build and drive innovation in our products Participate in code reviews and brown bags to help nurture a culture of growth and learning within the organization Develop dashboards and tools using the latest in web development technologies to increase the efficiency of our teams and improve the experience of our customers Bachelors' degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent experience 2+ years experience working in a similar or related role Strong knowledge of Python, JavaScript or TypeScript Strong knowledge of web development technologies like React, Vue.JS, Angular etc. Previous work experience with AWS is an asset Great verbal and written communication skills Ability to work independently or in a group setting Generous stock option package We match 100% of your contribution to your retirement plan up to $4000 annually Monthly public transportation stipend Annual gym membership stipend Dialogue membership - unlimited free video calls and texts with nurses and doctors anytime - they’ll even help you book IRL appointments 4 weeks of vacation and 5 sick/personal days Weekly happy hour Frequent team outings and off-sites Private healthcare - includes massages 
ScrapedJobID829:
Debug and test client software products to identify problems and potential optimization opportunities. Follow detailed requirements to create unit tests in a reasonable and efficient timeline. Write automated unit tests to ensure software stability. Write performance tests to identify application bottlenecks and recommend optimizations. Collaborate with other team members under senior leadership to solve technical and software related problems. Provide input to solve complex problems through the use of logic and software. Debug and test existing software for QA and optimization related tasks. Self-direct skill improvement tasks. Committed to continued career in software development. Knowledgeable and up to date with latest industry best practices. Minimum of 1 year of experience in a related position with at least one other employer. Experience and strong understanding of logic and logical processes to solve complex software related problems. Knowledge of common web programming languages and markup such as JavaScript, PHP, HTML, and CSS. Knowledge of common database technologies such as MySQL. Good written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to request clarification on unclear requests, communicate limitations, or request help when necessary. Ability to work self-directed tasks with good time management skills. Experience testing software applications. Good research skills including identifying when research is required, validating credible sources, and self-directing research related tasks. Minimum of 3 employment or academic related references. Experience testing software applications in a team environment. Experience working with continuous integration tools like Jenkins. Up to 3 years of experience in the Software Development industry. A Degree, Diploma, or related experience in the field of Software Engineering. Experience using project management and source control tools. A reference letter from a previous employer. A reference letter from previous technology related employer or instructor. 
ScrapedJobID830:
Work within a cross-functional team (including designers, product managers, architects and other developers) to deliver compelling products and services to our customers Design, write, test, and deploy high quality scalable code Implement our technical roadmap as we scale our services and build new products Maintain standards of security, reliability, performance, and quality Work out loud by sharing your experiences and expertise, helping to improve and enhance processes Take ownership of your work and work autonomously when necessary Participate in code reviews, and apply software development best practices Work with the following technologies: JavaScript + React A degree in Computer Science or Engineering, and at ample experience in developing and maintaining software or an equivalent level of education or work experience, and a track record of substantial contributions to software projects with high business impact You are proficient in at least one programming language, ideally: React or other modern JS frameworks (Angular, Node, Vue), and have a desire to learn other languages You have experience in software design: you know how to analyze and design features, drive discussions, and propose technical solutions You have been a solid contributor in teams that have worked on medium-to-large sized projects that had an impact on business; an understanding of SaaS software development practice is considered an asset You know how to apply best practices to ensure high-quality code (i.e. automated tests; code reviews) Open Communication: clearly conveys thoughts, both written and verbally, listening attentively and asking questions for clarification and understanding Collaboration and Teamwork: works with others to deliver results, meaningfully contributing to the team and prioritizing group needs over individual needs Self Development: is personally committed to, and actively works to continuously improve Problem Solving: uses an organized and logical approach to find solutions to complex problems. Looks beyond the obvious to understand the root cause of problems Resilience, Tolerance for Change/Ambiguity: can effectively cope with change, finding ways to advance work and projects Tenacious. You are determined to succeed, and you are motivated by the success of customers, colleagues and the community. Curious. You are always learning and seeking ways to make things better. Conscientious. You keep your promises, taking your commitments to others seriously, and you have strong integrity. Humble. You lead with humility and empathy, respecting and learning from the perspectives of others. 
ScrapedJobID831:
Participer à la réalisation et à l’évolution de projets numériques Soutenir l’équipe dans l’exécution des diverses demandes provenant des clients internes Formuler des recommandations pour résoudre des problèmes liés au front-end et au back-end Réviser et assurer la qualité des éléments d’intégration dans les différents navigateurs Collaborer avec l’équipe E-commerce dans l’atteinte des objectifs corporatifs Optimiser la performance des sites Web Participer aux rencontres quotidiennes de gestion de projets Partager tes connaissances avec les autres développeurs Cinq années d’expérience en développement Web Excellente compréhension des concepts de CMS Excellentes connaissances en PHP, HTML/CSS et JavaScript Bonus : Expérience avec Drupal, Symphony ou Angular Bonus : Connaissance de Salesforce ou tout autre CRM Bonus : Maîtrise de la suite AWS 
ScrapedJobID832:
Minimum 3 years of experience in Front End Development. JavaScript ES5/ES6 (mandatory) TypeScript (Asset) React (mandatory) AngularJS 1.x (Asset) NodeJS (Asset) Next.js (Asset) Experience working with state management libraries like Redux or Mobx (mandatory) Experience doing unit tests using JEST, Enzyme and/or React Testing Library (Asset) Experience working with REST APIs (mandatory) Experience with GraphQL (Asset) You know how to use GIT (mandatory) You’ve worked with npm or yarn (mandatory) You know CSS (mandatory) Worked with Sass, Less, styled-components, emotion, CSS modules or Tailwind CSS (Asset) Worked with design tools such as Figma, Sketch, InVision or Adobe XD (Asset) Experience working within a design system (Asset) Experience working with components libraries and Storybook (Asset) Experience developing apps within a Micro-Frontend architecture (Asset) A GitHub account or a portfolio showcasing the projects you've contributed to. Experience working within an Agile team (Asset) Minimum de 3 ans d'expérience en développement Front-End. JavaScript ES5/ES6 (obligatoire) Typescript (Atout) React (obligatoire) AngularJS 1.x (Atout) NodeJS (Atout) Next.js (Atout) Expérience avec Redux ou Mobx (obligatoire) Expérience dans la réalisation de tests unitaires en utilisant JEST, Enzyme and/or React Testing Library (Atout) Expérience de travail avec les API REST (obligatoire) Expérience avec GraphQL (atout) Vous savez comment utiliser les TIG (obligatoire) Vous connaissez le CSS (obligatoire) A travaillé avec Sass, Less, styled-components, emotion, modules css ou TailwindCSS (Atout) A travaillé avec des outils de conception tels que Figma, Sketch, Invision ou Adobe XD (Atout) Expérience de travail au sein d'un système de conception (atout) Expérience de travail avec les bibliothèques de composants et Storybook (Atout) Expérience de développement d'applications dans une architecture Micro-Frontend (Atout) Avoir un compte GitHub ou un portfolio de projet. Expérience de travail au sein d'une équipe Agile (Atout) 
ScrapedJobID833:
Competitive pay Medical, Dental & Vision 401k/RSP with Match Paid time off Flexible working environment Continuous Learning And an amazing culture to top it all off! Conceptualize, create, and deploy intuitive, engaging email and/or promotional landing page campaigns Use responsive design techniques for development across multiple platforms Create quick mockups as needed Participate and collaborate in concept development and design ideation with manager and email/landing page team to help define creative strategy Responsible for all QA and testing of all web pages, funnel pages, and brand assets; including cross-browser, cross-platform, and/or cross-device compatibility Use analytics and sales reports to measure campaign effectiveness and provide suggestions for improvement on future campaigns Communicate frequently with the cross-functional team members to ensure seamless coordination and delivery of assets Create and maintain project management schedule and adherence to deadlines related to your specific projects Stay up to date with current technologies and trends in web design & development, best practices, design tools, and applications Establish and document a standardized project workflow to maximize efficiency and consistency Contribute to the weekly marketing meetings to ensure clear communication, coordination and alignment to our schedule, goals and KPI’s Make recommendations on improving the overall process in collaboration with team members and management Hands-on experience with responsive design and programming languages such as HTML, CSS, and basic JavaScript. Proficient with Wordpress, Adobe Creative Suite/Cloud, headless CMS Strong understanding of sales funnels, UI, cross-browser compatibility, general web functions and standards. Results-oriented, self-motivated, creative, innovative, and organized with high attention-to-detail. Ability to manage multiple projects and priorities simultaneously. Ability to identify problems, research and create solutions Ability to be collaborative and to adjust quickly to changes Ability to prioritize tasks, manage multiple projects and collaborate effectively Excellent verbal and written communication skills Website, online portfolio, or links to at least 5 samples of Web page design. 
ScrapedJobID834:
Analyze user requirements and envision system features and functionality to define objectives Set expectations and priorities throughout development life cycle Design and conduct tests Recommend system solutions by comparing advantages and disadvantages Solve complex performance problems and architectural challenges Develop documentation and assistance tools to support users Must have deep knowledge of Symfony and Doctrine ORM Strong background in PHP, Symfony and MySQL Deep knowledge of front end and back end development API knowledge, OAuth Server Understanding of front-end technologies, such as JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3 Experience with security infrastructure and development Enterprise Software development experience Full stack development experience Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git Strong organization and time management skills At least five years of experience in programming and software development of corporate web applications At least three years of experience utilizing PHP and JavaScript Team leader experience Experience in agile development strategy Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent field 
ScrapedJobID835:
Casual dress Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Stock options Monday to Friday Montréal, QC: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred) React Native: 1 year (preferred) Mobile application development: 1 year (preferred) Expo Framework: 1 year (preferred) French AND English (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID836:
Analyze, modify, write, and implement software code related to the creation and maintenance of software applications and services Create software requirement documentation, software design analysis and implementation Design and produce screens and workflows that support collection and display of complex information in an easy-to-understand fashion Analyze code and application execution for optimization and performance tuning Produce accurate software implementation estimates and delivers upon agreed schedule Provide input for the development and ongoing maintenance of technical documentation Collaborate with other engineers to provide the best solution possible that conforms to best engineering practices, including writing of unit tests and code reviews Contribute to ongoing improvements to the development process A degree in Engineering, Information Technology, or a related discipline Minimum 5+ years with a proven track record of developing and maintaining applications in an enterprise or commercial environment Expert knowledge of HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript Proficient in building web applications using React and other UI libraries Proven experienced with C#, and ASP.NET Experience with data structures, algorithms, and distributed systems fundamentals Experience with relational databases, including SQL Server We provide opportunities for career-growth within a fast-scaling company We offer flexible remote work arrangements We offer an extensive benefits plan We offer opportunities for continuous training and professional development (in-house and external) to learn the latest technologies We offer our employees a profit-sharing plan that provides them with the benefits of their hard work We are heavily involved in the community and join various events of non-profit organizations We pride ourselves on our company culture (our last Employee Survey resulted in a score of 100% in inclusiveness and diversity) 
ScrapedJobID837:
The position is permanent, full-time. We're open to developers with several years of practical team experience which should include leadership roles. Variety of work is appreciated. The Voices team is located in London, Ontario Canada, but you could be elsewhere in Canada. You will help design technical solutions for business problems presented by our Product Team. You will work on the Voices web application UI, backend controls, APIs & app logic, special architecture projects, and everything in between. PHP and vanilla JS (and sometimes Node.js) are our primary languages. Familiarity with modern PHP & JS is a bonus. You should be able to plan and lead team sprints and projects through estimation and cooperative research. You will have the opportunity to develop new features and find ways to improve the product. Sometimes these features will span multiple teams for an all-hands approach. You will also handle internal support conversations, investigate trouble tickets, and contribute to occasional infrastructure projects. You should also be comfortable with helping expand the knowledge of your colleagues and help them develop highly functional, efficient, and readable code. Guiding technical solution planning for sprints and small projects. Designing work packages for your team that match up business and technical requirements. Creating task tickets (Jira) to reliably deliver quality products. Ensuring that your team meets compliance rules for security and accessibility. Building customer-facing and internal user interfaces with CSS from LESS/SASS, HTML & JS. Creating and extending an MVC application using PHP frameworks (CodeIgniter, Laravel) and occasional scripts. Other technologies also play a role. Applying your knowledge of accessibility standards (AODA, WCAG) and site security (OWASP) to improve life for our users. Testing your work for performance and bottleneck improvements. Building or extending our internal APIs and 3rd-party integrations (Salesforce, S3, SQS, and other AWS services). Working with multiple Git branches, writing and reviewing Pull Requests (BitBucket), and pushing production-level code regularly and on a schedule. Oversee the preparation of the test and release plan for your work by creating DB migration scripts and collaborating with the testing team. Helping to maintain our internal component library & design system, and contribute to build scripts (Gulp, Webpack, Babel). Building new product pages and functionality for our website and documenting projects (Confluence). Writing and updating technical documentation and requirements. Reviewing and triaging support conversations. Fixing bugs and following up with our Product and Support teams. Collaborating via Slack, Figma, and regular video or in-person chats. You want to ship regularly. Your passion is to build end-to-end software. You always want to improve and learn. You understand the importance of quality code. Your code is documented, understandable and predictable. Tests are written with confidence. You’re comfortable with a varied stack. You have production-level experience with JavaScript, PHP, React, build & migration scripts, and even asynchronous queues. You can explain your thinking. You are able to communicate your ideas or issues well. Your goal is to build for everyone. You are skilled in developing front-ends from scratch to create valid, reusable, performant, and accessible pages at all screen sizes. You are self-motivated and can work independently. You take the initiative to make sure that you have everything you need and will call for support when required. You love learning. You thrive on solving problems, learning new tricks, bridging the gaps between new and old, and want to keep getting even better. You love sharing. Helping your team based on your experience is time well spent. You have 3+ years experience in database-driven web site development. You have been able to lead a team to a positive, shared goal. You earned a BS or MS in Computer Science, Diploma in Web Development or have the equivalent work experience. Development Manager Technical Project Managers Product Managers Product Designers UX Researchers Product & Marketing Developers Infrastructure Developers Analytics & Data Science Team Quality Assurance Team Voices had all of our colleagues working from home with their laptops, monitor, accessories includes their ergonomic chairs by Monday March 16th, 2020 We hold virtual huddle every Monday and bi-weekly virtual Town Halls We care about the mental health of our colleagues through our EFAP program and human connection through our optional virtual social events such as meditation, stretching, games, happy hours, etc. 
ScrapedJobID838:
work closely with our Marketing Manager to understand the business requirements. develop new functionality within our lead management tool. fix bugs or workflow issues within the system. provide support to another developer in our organization to implement this tool with our Salesforce CRM. highly proficient with HTML/CSS, Javascript, PHP, Laravel, React (Hooks), Git, MySQL. If you do not have expertise in all of the above, please do not apply. familiar with best practices related to development and security of web-based applications. experience with Docker is a bonus, but not required. exceptional communication skills, both verbally and written 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID839:
Web Development using ASP.NET, JavaScript, jQuery, CSS, HTML, Bootstrap, .NET Core/(MVC/MVVM), Ajax, Razor, REST, Typescript, SignalR Complex data analysis utilizing MS-SQL Enterprise Applications using .NET, WinForms, .NET Core Reporting tools, using RDLC, Crystal, SSRS and custom technologies Mapping Applications and tools utilizing Google and BING Map APIs, MapBasic and Open Street Maps. Mobile Applications, - Xamarin, Native Android/IOS API Development and Communications (Custom, Azure, AWS, etc.) Salesforce - Visualforce, Lightning Web Components, general environment Machine Learning and advanced data analytics UI/UX Design Fast moving environment with a variety of projects and technologies to work with in an interactive team based environment. Flexible Hours with a focus on delivering objectives not watching the clock. Our current environment has the team working remotely with the option to work in the office if desired. We'd like to see people back to the office at some point, however, our remote office solution has been working nicely for many so it won't be enforced. Involvement in all aspects of the Software Development Lifecycle potentially taking on different roles for different projects. Mentoring within the team. Weekly status meetings, bi-weekly code share meetings. Learning from your peers and sharing your knowledge as well. High Standards. Our clients demand them, we strive to exceed their expectations. Genuine interest and curiosity in all things technical Aptitude and desire to learn a wide variety of environments. Honesty in your work and interactions with others. Ability and desire to dig in and solve challenging problems. Desire to work in a team environment 
ScrapedJobID840:
Design & Development - Define and extend the technical architecture for our online application using Java and React, Vue.js and Ember.js JavaScript framework. Your skills will be leveraged to develop Single Page Applications (SPA) such as online banking services, application forms, online calculators, financial planning tools. Assist with BAU requests like daily content change, front-end web template designs etc. Continuous Improvement & Collaboration- Share your best practices and coding knowledge at all times to help enhance existing processes and technologies, improving documentation, maximizing learning on the team, and encouraging process optimization. Project Delivery & Documentation - Assist your team members with technical documentation creation and ensure compliance with Client's standards, best practices, web accessibility frameworks, and security protocols. Wherever necessary, present project status document to senior management and other team members and ensure project timelines are being met Java JavaScript JHTML5 CSS/CSS3 JXML JSON, and other third-party API tools. Experience and expertise with Vue.js, Ember.js, Angular, React, or a comparable JavaScript framework. 
ScrapedJobID841:
Perform hands-on frontend/backend development using technologies like React.JS C#. Develop modules, maintain design artifacts, and help ensure testability and other applicable non-functional requirements Ensure code maintainability, modularity, and high performance by reviewing the implementation regularly and refactoring the code base as needed Ensure high code quality by performing automated unit testing with high code coverage, regular code reviews and following coding guidelines and good coding practices Troubleshoot and debug software ensuring high quality deliverables Estimate and plan own work and deliver as per the plan Prepare all necessary code, design, and other technical documentation Follow all SOPs, face process audits and address any findings in a timely manner 2+ years of proven experience as a Front-end Developer or similar role 5+ years total development experience Strong hands-on experience of developing multi-tenant web applications (SaaS development experience preferred) Experience with multiple front-end languages and libraries (e.g. HTML/ CSS, JavaScript (ES6), XML, JSON, jQuery) Proficiency with programming in Angular, C#.net (React.js a plus) Experience of working in Agile teams and knowledge of frameworks like Scrum Excellent verbal and written English communication skills Excellent interpersonal skills and collaborative mindset Bachelor’s / Master’s degree in Computer Science & Engineering (CSE) or equivalent STEM degree Familiarity with .NET Core, API design and implementation Familiarity with databases (e.g. PostgreSQL, SQL Server), web servers (e.g. Apache), Entity Framework Core ORM, and UI/UX design Knowledge of tools used for code profiling, unit testing, detecting memory leaks and overruns, and static code analysis Experience of developing applications for Microsoft Azure Knowledge of source control & versioning tools like BitBucket, Git, etc. Familiarity with project management & collaboration tools like Jira, Confluence, MS Teams, etc. You will have the opportunity to play an integral role helping our clients and the industry shape the future of drug development You will be part of an exciting new chapter in Cytel’s history with high growth and opportunities Work in an environment designed for an entrepreneurially minded person with a lot of energy, ideas, and the courage to implement Work with and leverage the best and brightest minds in the industry 
ScrapedJobID842:
Writing beautiful, scalable, efficient, cross-browser front-end UI components and systems Collaborating with talented designers to ensure our applications are usable, accessible and responsive Troubleshooting, analyzing and resolving performance bottlenecks Incorporating automated unit, integration, perceptual, performance and accessibility testing into the development process Evangelizing best practices in front-end engineering Comfortable working anywhere in the stack (front-end, server-side application code, database, cloud), but who has a passion for client-side development Experience with but without a reliance on modern front-end frameworks like React, Vue.js and Polymer Interest in working with emerging technologies like web components, JavaScript modules, service workers, TypeScript, Progressive Web Apps Experience building accessible web applications, and the related standards (ARIA) and assistive technologies Keen to work with other teams to understand their needs, and to develop tools and libraries to support them Comfortable creating documentation, guides, walk-throughs, videos and presentations to evangelize your work Experience with web performance techniques to make web applications super fast 
ScrapedJobID843:
Collaborate within the professional services team, UX, and project teams to help develop solutions. Guide other engineers on Front end development approaches and techniques. Learn the latest technologies and standards to ensure we are always using the best techniques possible. You will contribute to all phases of the development lifecycle with well-written, designed, testable, and efficient code. You will build applications that are responsive, high-performing, and accessible. You will ensure designs are in compliance with specifications while preparing and producing releases of software components. Bachelor’s degree and at least 4 years of Web application development experience using React. Strong web development experience including HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Experience with modern Javascript frameworks like, React,Vue.js Familiar with development tools such as git, npm, babel, and sass. Strong technical expertise with Liferay DXP 7.0 including implementing themes and templates. Experience with REST APIs and services Java development experience is an added advantage Excellent communication skills with the ability to interact with multiple stakeholders and team members in the project Willing to learn Liferay portal. 
ScrapedJobID844:
You are a standout graphic designer with the ability to create WordPress websites with a WOW factor You are a hard working, trustworthy team player that seeks the opportunity to work in a fast paced agency environment with a solid team around you You are able to work remotely in a responsible manner to meet client timelines You are open to new ideas and able to make changes to meet client objectives You are looking for a positive challenge, coaching and an opportunity to showcase your skills Create compelling graphic designs and templates for corporate social media campaigns Design / Develop business websites from WordPress templates Optimize websites for optimum speed and performance Style print designs such as eBooks and Infographics Strategize UX/UI for client websites Well versed in Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign and WordPress (converting WP templates into websites) Experience with site management tools: CMS, FTP, and java server a benefit Team player with can-do attitude and communication skills to drive efficiency Take direction and work independently with limited supervision Manage multiple projects and work collaboratively to deliver results Self-starter who can take ownership for projects in a fast-paced agency environment Work remotely Learn from experienced teammates Daily virtual team huddles International projects Submit resume + include a showcase of past work that demonstrates skill, creativity, problem solving ability and expertise. 
ScrapedJobID845:
Developing web and mobile applications using JavaScript frameworks like React, Angular, Vue, etc. Setting up back-end services using cloud services like AWS, Azure, or GCP Testing and debugging application, and documenting software Experience with interfacing software with Bluetooth, WiFi or mesh networking devices Familiarity with Python programming Experience working with prototyping hardware like the Raspberry Pi and/or working with Linux Familiarity with desktop application development Bonus pay Company events Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Profit sharing Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID846:

ScrapedJobID847:
Coding and implementing websites, microsites, donation forms, email templates, mobile websites and other digital properties Implementing templates into CMS and CRM systems such as Blackbaud Luminate Online, WordPress, Drupal, etc. Modifying/slicing visual designs and optimizing for web use Delivering new functionality and maintenance of existing solutions Researching and learning new platforms and technologies relevant to the nonprofit sector to better serve the needs of our nonprofit clients Minimum two years experience writing HTML, CSS and Javascript/jQuery or equivalent educational experience Deep understanding of responsive design and the differences between mobile/desktop browsers Prior experience developing code for emails and an understanding of the channel’s capabilities/limitations Proficiency in software such as Photoshop, InDesign, Illustrator (Adobe Creative Suite) Experience in Luminate Online an asset (CMS, Donation Management, Email Management, TeamRaiser) Experience with other content/email management systems Experience with search engine marketing, display advertising, social media an asset Good communication (oral and written), interpersonal, organizational, and leadership skills Analytical, self-motivated, detail-oriented and organized A self-motivated individual who will enjoy a team-oriented environment where work can be fast-paced and requirements can change frequently Ability to evolve and stay current on modern trends in web development 
ScrapedJobID848:
In Depth knowledge of HTML and CSS Experience building apps using a JavaScript framework like React Experience in RESTful API consumption, caching and error handling An ability to easily evolve user interface designs into JSX or equivalent Comfortable with code reviews, git protocol and npm scripts Knowledge of application profiling, optimisations and debugging Proactive and eager to learn more Built mobile apps with React Native Used state managers such as Redux, MobX or GraphQL Written automated tests with a test suite like Jest Knowledge of Google Analytics or another tracking tool C++, C# or Java experience Knowledge of Typescript is an asset Your CV, highlighting your education, experience, and skills 
ScrapedJobID849:
3+ years of professional experience in writing and shipping code with React.JS. In-depth knowledge of CSS3, HTML5, AJAX, JavaScript, TypeScript including DOM manipulation and the JavaScript object model. Knowledge of React tools using webpack, Redux, Flux, and automated testing framework. Experience with Ant Design (or JQuery, Bootstrap could be a bonus). Experience in data portal design and web based data visualization; knowing D3 or Chart.js is helpful. Able to integrate with and manage APIs. Experience with at least one of server side language such as Python, Node.JS is desired. Experience with version control systems such as Gitlab. Experience with:
Agile development methodologies
MVC frameworks
Relational and schema-less databases
Major CMS e.g. Drupal, Joomla, Wordpress.
UNIX/Linux environments Agile development methodologies MVC frameworks Relational and schema-less databases Major CMS e.g. Drupal, Joomla, Wordpress. UNIX/Linux environments Strong written and oral communication skills Track record of initiative and self-organization with strong time management skills Willingness and ability to work on multiple projects at the same time Demonstrated ability to work within a collaborative team across multiple disciplines Willingness to research and learn new approaches and technologies Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related discipline 
ScrapedJobID850:
Capable of becoming a technical resource for the team by being able to quickly learn unfamiliar tools and frameworks on the job Capable of vetting and analyzing different libraries, APIs, and problem-solving approaches to create production quality solutions Communicating with technical and non-technical peers Write documentation to support any code maintenance and technical analysis 3+ years of experience developing in PHP, MySQL, Docker, and Git 1+ years of experience creating custom WordPress Plugins 1+ years of experience developing in Laravel experience developing in Node.js Ability to contribute to Database Architecture Planning Ability to work on a team and independently Strong communication skills, both written and verbal Strong customer service, organizational, and problem-solving skills Magento, Joomla, Drupal experience MongoDB and Python experience Ansible and CodeceptJS experience Experience working with crypto currency payments Experience utilizing natural language machine learning in production Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Weekend availability Are you legally authorized to work in Canada? Yes 
ScrapedJobID851:
Consistently ship small features and improvements to our design system Help improve the overall experience of our Marketing website through improving the quality of the Frontend features. Help identify areas of improvements in the code base that help contribute to make it better. Help plan sprints and complete prioritized issues from the issue tracker. Implement site speed improvements and technical SEO. Assist in building and maintaining our Content Management System. 3-5 years of experience specializing in full stack development, website and web applications. Knowledge of HTML, CSS, HAML and JavaScript (jQuery, Vue.js, React) Experience with JAMstack, Ruby, and Middleman (and/or other static site generators). Previous experience with Static Site - Experience with responsive design and best practices. Experience developing websites and interactive digital experiences using CraftCMS Knowledge of information architecture, interaction design, and user-centered design. Strong knowledge in core web and browser concepts (eg. how the browser parses and constructs a web page). Experience with performance and optimization problems and a demonstrated ability to both diagnose and prevent these problems. Experience using design software to collaborate with designers and create pixel perfect web pages (eg. Figma, Sketch, Mural). Experience with Git in a professional/workplace environment, ideally using the product as a user or contributor. The ability to work in an agile, iterative development process and embrace feedback from many perspectives. Proficiency in the English language, with the capacity to communicate complex technical problems, provide clear status updates, and achieve consensus with peers. Self-motivated and self-managing, with great organizational skills and a positive, solution-oriented mindset. 
ScrapedJobID852:
Solve client’s software issues that are logged as cases in Horizant’s case tracking system Communicate with the client in a timely fashion, keeping them up to date on case progress Identify root causes for Archibus software issues and resolve them Develop, test and deploy technical solutions Ensure ARCHIBUS bugs are logged promptly with ARCHIBUS and in Horizant’s case software Perform administrative tasks as assigned by your manager Act with a customer-focused attitude always Be proactive to improve your own skills and metrics - case closure rate, time to close, customer satisfactions and meet the Technical Services team Service Level Agreements Ensure that your timesheet entry and progress updates are done daily Support the implementation of new case tracking software Escalate difficult technical cases quickly to get insights from more senior resources, aiming to lower the overall time to case completion and improve your skills Software scripting and debugging (Java, Javascript) HTML/XML or similar Web applications SQL AutoCAD Oracle ODBC SSO SVN or other source control ARCHIBUS 1+ years experience in a similar role Excellent communication skills (verbal and written - English) Ability to multitask/prioritize Ability to write clear documentation Responsive, patient and courteous Willingness to learn and ask for help when needed Ability to filter and clarify issues Follow direction Follow operational processes Experience in the Facilities Management industry Experience in software development AutoCAD drafting and automation experience ARCHIBUS technical coding skills Able to define views (including Javascript) Able to create and modify workflows Able to customize databases Bonus pay Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking RRSP match Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (required) development related technical support: 1 year (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID853:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience 3-5 years experience in web technologies such as JavaScript, Typescript, React/Angular, HTML5, and CSS3 3-5 years experience in designing responsive web interfaces with cross-browser compatibility Ability to work effectively in a team environment Ability to communicate technical concepts clearly and effectively Ability to manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables Knowledge of Adobe Photoshop and/or other design tools Knowledge of the whole web stack, including protocols and web server optimization techniques 
ScrapedJobID854:

ScrapedJobID855:
Collaborate with design, marketing, and strategy teams to deliver effective web solutions Take ownership of balancing technical performance with business objectives Work independently to model and solve complex problems efficiently using best practices and design patterns Continuously learn and improve on skills and technologies to create technical advantages and meet client needs Communicate work through presentation, documentation and contribute to maintaining documentation that will be presented to clients and the team Excellent communication skills to convey processes, time, scope, budget parameters, and progress to your team and clients Take ownership of work and contribute to keeping projects on time and budget Contribute to group problem-solving; confidence in voicing opinions and defending inputs A minimum of 3 years of professional web application development Using HTML, CSS/SASS, and Javascript (ES6) for building web interfaces Building SPAs and PWAs using Vue.js, Vue Router, Vuex, and Vue SSR (or equivalent frameworks, such as React.js) Up-to-date with latest accessibility standards (WCAG 2.1 AA) Back-end development with Node.js and common npm packages (Webpack, Babel, gulp, yarn) Designing and working with SQL (MySQL, Postgres) or NoSQL (MongoDB, DynamoDB) databases Familiar with AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud, or Digital Ocean Familiarity with Terraform, AWS CloudFormation, or other IaC frameworks is a bonus, but not required Systems architecture (i.e. monolithic, microservices, or serverless) experience is an asset Collaborating in a team environment using Git version-control Demonstrate clean and communicative code hygiene Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Vision care Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID856:
Responsible for process implementation, optimization and automation within Salesforce by building functionalities with Lightning Components, JS, Apex and Visualforce; Handle web services API integrations with third party systems; Work closely with the Sales, customers and the rest of the Team to ensure successful delivery of various solutions; Perform technical evaluations, solution and design approaches to business solution needs; Supply expertise in advanced Apex programming concepts including common design patterns, governor limit management techniques, bulk patterns, efficient and reliable trigger handling, and asynchronous operations; Design, develop, test, document and deploy third-party integrations with Salesforce; Create and manage automated unit tests of Salesforce platform code developed by the team; Engage in code and technical design reviews of solution implementations to ensure code quality and best practices are maintained; Provide technical leadership, coaching and mentoring to junior technical team members; Provide estimates of the level of effort to implement a solution based on business requirements; Participate in application support as needed; Implementation change control from development sandboxes to production and across the development life-cycle; Make sure changes are documented, reviewed, tested, and approved before being deployed; Implement new features using declarative tools (creation of custom objects, workflows, validation rules, approval processes, flows, flow triggers and email alerts); Develop reports, custom report types, dashboards, and processes to continuously monitor data quality and integrity; Manage security, users, roles, profiles, groups, queues and other Salesforce.com setup options as necessary; Remain current on new Salesforce features and functionality and providing recommendations for process improvements. Salesforce Platform Developer I certification; Knowledge of Salesforce coding limitations; OOP knowledge; Coding background (Apex); Design patterns; Lightning Components/HTML/CSS/JavaScript; Lightning Web Components(LWC) ; Knowledge of web development; Experience in working with web services; Database knowledge; Core Personal Competencies; Excellent communication skills in English; Ability to work independently without close supervision; Able to communicate with customers on technical issues; Excellent team player; Ability to multitask; Have a positive “can do” attitude; Outcome oriented. 
ScrapedJobID857:
Mine Manager - An event stream-based solution to manage cryptocurrency mining assets. Blockseer Pool - An audited, clean transaction, Bitcoin pool. Blockseer Data Collection - Scraping the web for cryptocurrency wallet addresses and determining their use. Walletscore - Using our data to score the risk of cryptocurrency wallet addresses Build out Beautiful, Intuitive User Interfaces for DMGs applications Collaboratively design reliable system architecture Mentor Full Stack and Back End Developers Deliver on rapid implementation schedules to build software that is functional, fast, and scalable. Enthusiasm to work in cryptocurrency UI Development Experience Javascript Development Experience Experience with React, or React Native Python Development Experience Proven ability to design software Excellent problem-solving skills Detail-orientation throughout the development lifecycle Ability to work with little supervision Passion for delivering high-quality software with quick turnaround times Experience using Cryptocurrencies; e.g. Ethereum, Bitcoin, etc Understanding of how Blockchains work Data structures and algorithms Database Development experience Exponential Growth, Exponential Opportunity - The value of various cryptocurrencies is an important driving factor of all crypto companies’ financial success. Many players in the cryptocurrency and blockchain field will experience significant revenue growth during the current crypto bull run. A Large Amount of Institutional Investments Coming in - With institutional investors seeking to invest in and work with cryptocurrency, we will see significant growth opportunities emerging in the industry. Really Interesting Projects - DMG is a thought leader in a nascent industry, and we strive to address all aspects of our industry. This means new interesting projects to work on all the time. 
ScrapedJobID858:
Provides Development Engineering support for an assigned set of applications or system elements. Develops solutions for technology processes and practices for build and release management, application lifecycle changes, operation service delivery and support. Assists with project definition, scoping resource planning, execution, risk assessment, change control and monitoring. Performs infrastructure installation, setup, administration and automated deployments. Deploys, maintains and scales web applications. Troubleshoots and debugs servers / processes for system and application issues after deployment. Collaborates with other engineers and cross-functional technical team members to resolve platform issues. Assists with architecting and implementing / monitoring infrastructure. 
ScrapedJobID859:
Work with agile teams as they perform feature level design, development, testing, performance analysis and documentation to ensure that software meets business needs Provide front-end architecture and aesthetic guidance and leadership. Maintain and extend style guides and templates for scalability across application use Complete front-end development and code reviews, including new application builds, maintaining existing code and refactor to meet deadlines or to increase maintainability, performance, and responsiveness Collaborate with team to innovate, develop, research, recommend, communicate, and maintain front end dev standards, technologies, and tools. Build, plan, and manage rolling out changes; provide mentoring and best practices for Front End development for team growth Participate in building and applying processes for our Agile and SDLC practices Translate mock-ups and wireframes into clean, maintainable code Support for deployment and maintenance applications Perform other job-related duties as assigned 4+ years of Front-End UI Architecture Design - Development Experience 2+ years experience in .Net platform in developing web applications Demonstrated ability building websites using HTML5/CSS/JavaScript/Bootstrap/SASS/Compass etc. Extensive expertise using script frameworks: AngularJS (Nice to have: ReactJS / Redux lifecyclesNode.js) Ability to build responsive, cross-browser, highly-performant, and accessibility compliant applications Proficient in using built-in browser tools like Chrome Developer Tools Experience in NPM, node and other similar build tools. Experience with browser-based debugging and performance testing software Experience evaluating component libraries and choosing the best toolkit for the job Experience in automated testing of UI in a micro-service environment Strong working experience with version control (Git) and branching strategies Strong experience with publishing and consuming REST APIs Have a deep understanding of modern web development techniques and how to apply new technologies to improve the architecture and boost page speed Experience with Agile Software Development Must possess excellent communication skills and must be a quick learner with organized problem solving and troubleshooting skills Degree in Computer Science, User Experience Design, or equivalent experience Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site gym On-site parking Paid time off Tuition reimbursement Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID860:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience 3-5 years experience in web technologies such as JavaScript, Typescript, React/Angular, HTML5, and CSS3 3-5 years experience in designing responsive web interfaces with cross-browser compatibility Ability to work effectively in a team environment Ability to communicate technical concepts clearly and effectively Ability to manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables Knowledge of Adobe Photoshop and/or other design tools Knowledge of the whole web stack, including protocols and web server optimization techniques 
ScrapedJobID861:

ScrapedJobID862:
Collaborate with design, marketing, and strategy teams to deliver effective web solutions Take ownership of balancing technical performance with business objectives Work independently to model and solve complex problems efficiently using best practices and design patterns Continuously learn and improve on skills and technologies to create technical advantages and meet client needs Communicate work through presentation, documentation and contribute to maintaining documentation that will be presented to clients and the team Excellent communication skills to convey processes, time, scope, budget parameters, and progress to your team and clients Take ownership of work and contribute to keeping projects on time and budget Contribute to group problem-solving; confidence in voicing opinions and defending inputs A minimum of 3 years of professional web application development Using HTML, CSS/SASS, and Javascript (ES6) for building web interfaces Building SPAs and PWAs using Vue.js, Vue Router, Vuex, and Vue SSR (or equivalent frameworks, such as React.js) Up-to-date with latest accessibility standards (WCAG 2.1 AA) Back-end development with Node.js and common npm packages (Webpack, Babel, gulp, yarn) Designing and working with SQL (MySQL, Postgres) or NoSQL (MongoDB, DynamoDB) databases Familiar with AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud, or Digital Ocean Familiarity with Terraform, AWS CloudFormation, or other IaC frameworks is a bonus, but not required Systems architecture (i.e. monolithic, microservices, or serverless) experience is an asset Collaborating in a team environment using Git version-control Demonstrate clean and communicative code hygiene Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Vision care Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID863:
Responsible for process implementation, optimization and automation within Salesforce by building functionalities with Lightning Components, JS, Apex and Visualforce; Handle web services API integrations with third party systems; Work closely with the Sales, customers and the rest of the Team to ensure successful delivery of various solutions; Perform technical evaluations, solution and design approaches to business solution needs; Supply expertise in advanced Apex programming concepts including common design patterns, governor limit management techniques, bulk patterns, efficient and reliable trigger handling, and asynchronous operations; Design, develop, test, document and deploy third-party integrations with Salesforce; Create and manage automated unit tests of Salesforce platform code developed by the team; Engage in code and technical design reviews of solution implementations to ensure code quality and best practices are maintained; Provide technical leadership, coaching and mentoring to junior technical team members; Provide estimates of the level of effort to implement a solution based on business requirements; Participate in application support as needed; Implementation change control from development sandboxes to production and across the development life-cycle; Make sure changes are documented, reviewed, tested, and approved before being deployed; Implement new features using declarative tools (creation of custom objects, workflows, validation rules, approval processes, flows, flow triggers and email alerts); Develop reports, custom report types, dashboards, and processes to continuously monitor data quality and integrity; Manage security, users, roles, profiles, groups, queues and other Salesforce.com setup options as necessary; Remain current on new Salesforce features and functionality and providing recommendations for process improvements. Salesforce Platform Developer I certification; Knowledge of Salesforce coding limitations; OOP knowledge; Coding background (Apex); Design patterns; Lightning Components/HTML/CSS/JavaScript; Lightning Web Components(LWC) ; Knowledge of web development; Experience in working with web services; Database knowledge; Core Personal Competencies; Excellent communication skills in English; Ability to work independently without close supervision; Able to communicate with customers on technical issues; Excellent team player; Ability to multitask; Have a positive “can do” attitude; Outcome oriented. 
ScrapedJobID864:
Mine Manager - An event stream-based solution to manage cryptocurrency mining assets. Blockseer Pool - An audited, clean transaction, Bitcoin pool. Blockseer Data Collection - Scraping the web for cryptocurrency wallet addresses and determining their use. Walletscore - Using our data to score the risk of cryptocurrency wallet addresses Build out Beautiful, Intuitive User Interfaces for DMGs applications Collaboratively design reliable system architecture Mentor Full Stack and Back End Developers Deliver on rapid implementation schedules to build software that is functional, fast, and scalable. Enthusiasm to work in cryptocurrency UI Development Experience Javascript Development Experience Experience with React, or React Native Python Development Experience Proven ability to design software Excellent problem-solving skills Detail-orientation throughout the development lifecycle Ability to work with little supervision Passion for delivering high-quality software with quick turnaround times Experience using Cryptocurrencies; e.g. Ethereum, Bitcoin, etc Understanding of how Blockchains work Data structures and algorithms Database Development experience Exponential Growth, Exponential Opportunity - The value of various cryptocurrencies is an important driving factor of all crypto companies’ financial success. Many players in the cryptocurrency and blockchain field will experience significant revenue growth during the current crypto bull run. A Large Amount of Institutional Investments Coming in - With institutional investors seeking to invest in and work with cryptocurrency, we will see significant growth opportunities emerging in the industry. Really Interesting Projects - DMG is a thought leader in a nascent industry, and we strive to address all aspects of our industry. This means new interesting projects to work on all the time. 
ScrapedJobID865:
8 hour shift Java: 3 years (preferred) JavaScript: 3 years (preferred) Node.js: 4 years (required) React: 4 years (required) Angular: 4 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID866:
Work with a small and focused team to design and develop new features and releases. Collaborate with other team members to flesh out technical requirements. Work across the full stack of application layers. You are as comfortable working with HTML, CSS and Javascript as you are with Python. Work in an Agile environment. You’re in your element when working in an integrated team that is small, flexible, and Agile. You’re eager to contribute to the team without an ego. You care about helping teams collaborate and be productive and efficient. You know that communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills are simply a part of the development process. You like to solve complex problems and have an open mind to considering different approaches. You love learning new technologies and keep on top of emerging trends. You believe in the importance of having a life outside of work. 5+ years of web development experience in Python using Django Experience working with VueJS Proficiency in a Posix environment like Linux and OS X Solid understanding of Git (you know the difference between rebasing and merging) Understanding of the benefits of testing, TDD, and continuous integration Understanding of database principles and the strengths and weaknesses of an ORM Understanding of the full stack of web applications and how to optimize each layer of the stack A high-level understanding of user experience and user interface design Experience working with visual and user experience designers Experience developing single page applications Experience with front-end JS frameworks such as React and Angular Experience with HTML and CSS Experience with Docker and Kubernetes/OpenShift Experience working in a professional services environment 
ScrapedJobID867:
Très bonne connaissance du PHP avec 2+ ans d'expérience Très bonne connaissance de MySQL Connaissance ou expérience des API : SOAP ou RESTful Connaissance ou expérience avec AWS S3, Cloud Front, EC2, RDS Bonne connaissance de Html5 / CSS3 Motivé, autonome, analytiqueTrès bonne connaissance de Ruby on Rails avec 2+ ans d'expérience Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise REER Collectif Tenue Décontractée Travail à Distance Du Lundi au Vendredi Oui 
ScrapedJobID868:

ScrapedJobID869:

ScrapedJobID870:
Leverage expert level knowledge of Javascript, React, React Native, NextJS and their ecosystems. Use your appreciation for semantic HTML & accessibility, and keep these at the forefront of your mind while developing. Be able to ship large features and improvements with minimal guidance or support from other team members. Build reusable components with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for use across large-scale marketing properties and documenting them in a style guide. Test-driven development to ensure our teams are writing well-tested code. 3+ years working with JavaScript and one or more modern libraries (React & NextJS preferred). 3+ years working experience styling responsive websites 2+ years working experience with Sanity.io 2+ years working with Firebase Advanced understanding of server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as SASS. Familiar with Redux style state management (preferably Ngrx), Typescript. Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git. Some experience in data modelling and solution design React: 3 years (preferred) Firebase: 2 years (preferred) NextJS: 1 year (preferred) CSS: 2 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID871:
Bonne connaissance de Photoshop et Illustrator. Compréhension des fondements de base du UX. Connaissance de WordPress. Débrouillardise et initiative. Atout : Connaissance du HTML5 et CSS3. Atout : Connaissance de base en PHP et JS. Faire la conception de UI Kit et maquettes web. Intégrer les maquettes web sur WordPress avec Elementor et/ou Divi. Effectuer du contrôle qualité rigoureux. Procéder à la maintenance et à la mise à jour des sites web clients. Effectuer les demandes clients en intégration (de base) et design web. Supporter la gestionnaire de projets et tous les autres membres de l’équipe qui ont des demandes techniques au niveau conception web. Se garder à jour et partager ses connaissances techniques avec ses collègues de travail (nous avons un programme de formation continue). Collaborer à la détermination des estimations de temps réalistes. Documenter le travail accompli tout au long du projet selon les outils fournis. Participer à des rencontres de démarrage et de présentation du projet. Faire de la recherche d’images sur des sites prédéfinis. 
ScrapedJobID872:
Develop client-side web applications and rapid prototypes using Vue.js, modern Javascript, HTML and CSS (SASS) Write unit tests and e2e tests to ensure maximum test coverage and avoid regressions. Take ownership of each feature through launch and then continue to maintain it. Conduct thorough cross-browser testing to catch bugs and edge cases. Participate and contribute to our software development workflow (Agile, Continuous Delivery) and constantly evolving best practices. Participate in code reviews, sprint planning and product roadmap discussions. Solid understanding of functional JavaScript (ES6+) Prior experience building web applications with Vue, React or Angular. Solid understanding of Git and version control best practices. Great interpersonal skills - we are a close-knit team and work together to solve problems. Ideally, 3+ years experience in frontend web application development Bonus points if you have an eye for great design and UX Proactive and self-starter - we hire folks that have a deep desire to do better and be better. You won’t be micromanaged in this role Passionate about learning - You’ll help identify new technologies and approaches to problems Flexible health benefit plans to suit your needs and lifestyle Matching GRSP program Learning and development opportunities Employee Recognition programs Frequent social and philanthropic events In office video games, Ping Pong table, board games, and lots of puzzles! Loads of office snacks, coffee, and drinks to keep you energized throughout the day 
ScrapedJobID873:
Develop and maintain custom Shopify themes. Contribute to internal projects and planning discussions. Develop reusable code and libraries for future use. Develop documentation for code standards, and workflows. 1-2 years of development experience. Strong knowledge of HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3. Excellent written & verbal communication skills. Great sense of teamwork. Sharp attention to detail. Strong problem-solving abilities and comprehension of greater business objectives. Demonstrated commitment to personal and professional growth. Strong desire to help other businesses grow. Desire to learn the Liquid (Shopify) templating language and master the Shopify & Shopify Plus platforms. Familiarity with GIT version control. Passionate about technology. Experience building Shopify themes or using the platform. Knowledge of the Liquid templating language. Experience with Sass (CSS) and Vue.js HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Liquid, Vue.js, Sass Git through GitHub Webpack Shopify Theme Kit Jira Slack Google Suite Medical, dental & life insurance! Hybrid work model – work from the home or the office at your preference Flex dollars to be used on anything you feel will increase your physical and mental well-being Access to Dialogue, a telemedicine application that gives easy access to nurses, physicians, therapists, nutritionists, etc. Cellphone and gym allowance MacBook Pro / Lenovo Thinkpad for business and personal use No dress code, but please wear pants :) 
ScrapedJobID874:

ScrapedJobID875:
Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Paid time off RRSP match Store discount Vision care Wellness program Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID876:
Design and develop new core product features Enhance, maintain and test existing functionality Work with customers to solve business problems A great salary Intellectual and creative freedom Work Life balance An amazing team of bright colleagues Full and comprehensive benefit plan Company sponsored RRSP matching program Frequent social events Strong experience using ASP.NET and C# (4+ years’ work experience necessary) Relational database experience (SQL Server Stored Procedures, Views and Functions) Strong Object Oriented development skills Thorough understanding of the .NET framework Experience with JavaScript and JavaScript libraries such as jQuery Front end web development experience with HTML and CSS Relevant University or College Degree is a plus Web Development with Angular or React Microsoft Azure PaaS environments TypeScript experience Design Patterns/Microsoft Patterns and Practices Charting libraries like KendoUI, D3, or Highcharts Azure DevOPs Financial or public sector experience 
ScrapedJobID877:
Communication Energy and Stress Team Work Quality Orientation Problem Solving Accountability and Dependability Operating Equipment Ethics and Integrity Website and software application designing, building or maintaining. Using scripting or authoring languages, management tools, content creation tools, applications and digital media Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related technical discipline A minimum of two (2) years of Software Development (web). Preferences will be given to candidates with data governance, data migration or with the financial sector experience. Minimum two (2) years of experience with web development (Angular, Javascript, CSS) Minimum two (2) years of experience with C#, shell script, and web API Minimum two (2) years of experience with MS SQL 2008+, Oracle and Teradata would be considered a strong asset Good working knowledge of Agile Development would be an asset Good working knowledge of GIT or TFS would be an asset Attention to detail with the ability to self-manage project deadlines Strong work ethic and positive team attitude. Manual dexterity required to use desktop computer and peripherals. Work is of a repetitive nature Can work from home, however Candidate are preferred to be in the Moncton region. Casual dress Company events Company pension Dental care Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking Vision care Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Do you live in the Moncton region? Javascript: 3 years (required) Angular: 3 years (required) CSS: 3 years (required) C#: 3 years (required) Web API: 3 years (required) MS SQL: 3 years (required) Oracle: 3 years (preferred) Teradata: 3 years (preferred) Data Migration: 2 years (required) No 
ScrapedJobID878:
Build and extend web applications in a cloud environment. Ensure that customer facing applications are designed to be highly available, observable, and durable via software engineering best practices. Work with Product and Project Owners to understand end-user requirements, formulate user stories and then translate those into pragmatic and effective technical solutions. Work closely with onsite and remote frontend, backend and operations engineers to ensure deliverables are well-documented, secure and resilient. Experience leading and managing off shore and or 3rd party team resources. Referenceable experience delivering production ready implementations with the Salesforce Commerce Cloud (SFCC / Demandware) platform. Overall 8+ years of Software development experience including a minimum 3-4 years of real world experience developing, deploying, scaling, and maintaining SFCC based web apps Knowledge in cloud-based services and/or service-oriented architectures Productive in contemporary JavaScript development environments. Qualified candidates have real-world experience in the development life cycles of complex single page applications and are comfortable working with modern frameworks like Bootstrap, React, NodeJS. Experience with unit testing frameworks. Experience with data management strategies in browser environments. Strong software development fundamentals including automated testing, source control (Git), continuous integration in addition to continuous delivery and/or deployment. Experience integrating web front-ends with complex multi-tier applications. Excellent written and verbal communication skills and a strong willingness to learn and teach. A passion for solving problems and desire to understand how things work. Ability to help troubleshoot and resolve production system issues. Ability to author well designed, testable, efficient code. We always prefer clarity over clever. Nice to have International multi-site experience Acknowledges the presence of choice in every moment and takes personal responsibility for their life. Possesses an entrepreneurial spirit and continuously innovates to achieve great results. Communicates with honesty and kindness, and creates the space for others to do the same. Leads with courage, knowing the possibility of greatness is bigger than the fear of failure. Fosters connection by putting people first and building trusting relationships. Integrates fun and joy as a way of being and working, aka doesn’t take themselves too seriously. 
ScrapedJobID879:
Dental care Extended health care Life insurance RRSP match Store discount Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift Are you able to come to our Woodstock, Ontario office as needed? computer programming: 1 year (required) software design, tuning and testing: 1 year (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID880:
Create new mobile app features and support existing features. Iterate with designers and provide technical input to designs. Design Application and Navigation systems within the mobile application. Build quality applications based on product requirements. Design, implement and test features for mobile applications. Understand business needs and requirements as it relates to project tasks. Assist with creation of project documentation, such as business requirements. Perform and document unit testing activities for development work. Identify and plan for new features to continue product evolution. Remain up to date with the terminology, concepts, and best practices for coding mobile applications. Provide project status reports when needed. Communicate with users to understand their needs and experiences. A degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical discipline. 5+ years of demonstrable experience in iOS development. Familiarity with working with iOS devices. Extensive work with Swift. iOS: Experience with Core data, Concurrency & multithreading, SSO, Localization, UI and Unit test, Charles proxy Experience in working with APIs. Experience in areas outside of mobile development, such as web development, and application development. Ability to operate independently while establishing strong working relationships with co-workers and cross-functional teams. Ability to effectively communicate and present ideas and concepts with all levels of personnel. Strong problem-solving skills. Strong organizational and prioritization skills. Demonstrated critical attention to detail and deadlines and are self-motivated. Ability to adapt well to changes in direction and priorities in a project and deadline-oriented environment. Ability to multitask. Demonstrable portfolio of released applications on the App store a plus 
ScrapedJobID881:
As a team that services the HR world, we are a team that understands you perform best in an environment that cares about their employees Be part of a high performing team of critical thinkers that thrive on problem solving Access leadership and growth opportunities as the company rapidly scales Maintain work-life engagement with flex hours and our Long(er) weekends initiative Opportunity to work fully remote across Canada if you choose to Participate in Humi’s immersive onboarding program to learn about all aspects of the business while meeting with cross-functional collaborators Work with your manager to build out tailored goals and an education plan in place to set you in the right direction for the upcoming quarter Deep dive on your squad's problem space and start becoming familiar with the many areas that compose Payroll, like Tax engine, Accounting software integrations, and the Payroll core Take full ownership of small features and quick wins within your squad, from scoping to implementation Help more intermediate developers within code design and decision making Contribute to the Engineering team's culture, processes, and best practices Start assuming more autonomy and finding small ways to practice ownership across the platform Work closely with your Manager to explore goals for the rest of the year Deep dive on other parts of the application outside of the squad's main responsibilities Experience working with RubyOnRails or similar frameworks like Django Experience working with Angular 2.0+ or similar modern frameworks like ReactJS or VueJs A passion for building engaging user experiences Thrived in web application development with RoR or similar frameworks Passionate about learning and looking for the next challenge in their career. Excelled in cross-functional teams, working fluidly with Product Managers, Data Scientists, Software Developers, and other highly skilled specialists A passionate focus on quality, writing testable code that performs well for our consumers A desire to help our team continuously improve Fast-growing startup with competitive benefits and stock option plan Dynamic and entrepreneurial team building the next generation of HR, payroll, benefits, and insurance platform Additional health and wellness programs include a health spending account, virtual health through Akira, an employee assistance program with counseling and coaching through Inkblot Open communication with management and company leadership Small, dynamic teams = massive impact 
ScrapedJobID882:
4- 7 years of experience as a Software Engineer Professional software development experience in ReactJS, Node.js, Express.js. Solid experience in asynchronous web programming with experience in React, Angular JS, jQuery, JavaScript, TypeScript, CSS, Html. Experience working with RESTful APIs, JSON, etc. Proficiency with Unit/Functional test automation Experience with Git, Jenkins, build and deployment systems Good working experience in OpenStack/AWS & cloud application development and deployment Working knowledge of cloud technologies, DevOps Strong debugging skills Strong collaboration skills You have good written and oral communication skills, are a go-getter. We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate based upon race, religion, colour, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. 
ScrapedJobID883:
Execute feature and bug fix testing using a combination of automated and manual testing techniques. Identify, document, and track software defects found during testing. Automate front-end testing using Selenium and other automation tools. Integrate automated tests with CI software such as Jenkins to automate test execution. Work closely with developers to ensure defects are correctly identified and fixed. Focus on big customers; use cases and help to improve product usability for them. 3+ years of software automation/testing experience Experience in Python development and automation Experience with Selenium automation framework development Familiar with using browser debugging tools to trace and identify client-side issues such as memory leaks, loading performance, etc. Ability to work in a collaborative environment and communicate well with other departments Demonstrated ability to write clear and reproducible problem reports and test results Demonstrated ability to logically and analytically troubleshoot web applications Experience with Bash scripting is an asset Experience with Ansible is an asset Experience with code review system and bug tracking services is an asset Experience with different virtualization environments such as VMware, OpenStack, Kubernetes. A degree or technical diploma in Computer Science, Computer Technology, or related field 
ScrapedJobID884:
Develop and maintain modular front-end components within a library used by all of our products; Develop new application modules (micro-frontends) for our web platforms; Participate in the continuous evolution of our application platforms; Support and maintain our current solutions. Participation in the agile scrum development process; Pair programming, code review; Collaboration with other teams (Back-end developers, integrators, designers, content managers, mobile developers) Main technologies: Javascript Fundamentals + ES6 React (intermediate level) Experience in the development of applications or application modules (SPA with SSR) Experience with “States management” (Context API, Redux, etc.) Experience with recent React developments (hooks, Suspense, etc.) Node + npm (yarn) Git or equivalent versioning system HTML; CSS / SCSS. SASS / SCSS Angular 2.x Java Spring & Spring Boot Hibernate MySql Elasticsearch, MongoDB, Redis Application servers (Tomcat, Apache, Nginx) REST and / or micro-service oriented architecture Work in a Cloud context (Amazon Web Services or equivalent) You are comfortable with HTML and CSS, responsiveness and compatibility issues between different web browsers. You have demonstrated, through past experiences, good problem-solving skills, autonomy, versatility, resourcefulness, attention to detail, an ability to work under pressure and in a team. You are comfortable designing and configuring distributed systems. You have good verbal and written communication skills in French and a working knowledge of English. Work in a cloud context (Amazon Web Services or equivalent). Experience with agile methodologies. 3 years of experience in the field. Located in Griffintown near public transportation Hybrid work: In the office and teleworking Full group insurance from day 1 Unlimited virtual medical clinic for you and your family Flexible hours Computer equipment provided for your home and office Beautiful work environment, open and modern ambiance Social activities, Team dinners, and more! 
ScrapedJobID885:
Create, modify and design static HTML Code accessible HTML5 and CSS3 sites according to web standards Advanced CSS Experienced with building and automation tools Code optimization Experienced with JavaScript/jQuery Knowledge of SEO best practices Understanding of MySQL Databases, cPanel and PhpMyAdmin Figma or sketch experience Zeplin is a strong asset Strong Wordpress skills required Strong project management and organizational skills Creative, enthusiastic, flexible and collaborative person Experience building public-facing websites that work across different browsers Attention to detail Experience implementing web accessibility standards such as W3C, 508, AODA & GDPR Must have live working portfolio examples of websites that pass W3C Compliance 100% using https://validator.w3.org/ Cutting edge environment Stable and growing company Benefits and vacation Daytime hours Monday to Friday On the TTC line Excellent Benefits 
ScrapedJobID886:
Responsible for front-end and back-end development of interactive HTML5 advertisements and responsive landing pages Participate in translating advertisement/landing page requirements into functional specifications/wireframes that are intuitive in their design and adaptable to clients' changing needs Translate conceptual advanced API integrations and HTML5/CSS/JavaScript elements into working interactive components Manage all production aspects of an ad campaign including requirements gathering, project planning (statement of work, work-back schedule), design conception/storyboard, production (development), revision cycles management, analytics implementation, quality assurance/usability testing, trafficking support Apply QA and debugging methods to ensure ads are functioning to spec and are released with a high-quality standard Develop automation processes and test scripts that accelerate process improvements Contribute to ongoing feature ideation, product development, enhancements, maintenance and technical documentation Generate deliverables with high accuracy under tight timelines Be sufficiently organized to manage multiple divergent priorities 2-4 years of experience working in each of the following languages: HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery 1-3 years of experience working with Adobe Creative products (Photoshop, Illustrator, Premier Pro) Hands on experience with API integrations (e.g. Google Maps, Weather, Facebook, Twitter) Bachelor's degree or Diploma in Computer Science, Technical/Interactive Development field or equivalent professional experience Natural ability and appetite to quickly learn new technical systems and procedures Resourceful, proactive, quick-minded problem solver with an optimistic outlook and entrepreneurial drive Demonstrated aptitude to thrive in a process-driven environment where procedures and protocols must be followed with extreme precision A strong communicator both verbal and written [English]; French language skills are a plus Strong organizational and time-management skills Ability to navigate multiple divergent priorities while maintaining high productivity Strong quantitative, analytical, data interpretation and research skills Experience with Google Web Designer, Google Marketing Platform (Studio), Google Cloud Platform, Google Tag Manager, Google Analytics Experience with Python (programming language), Adobe After Effects (video effects software), Greensock TweenMax (animation tweens) A Google Marketing Platform QA certification, Google Cloud certification or related experience or certification Experience in digital ad production in an advertising agency Knowledge of the digital media landscape, including key technologies, business models, standards/guidelines, technology platforms and product Proficient coder with an eye for design Natural problem solver who enjoys a good challenge A lifelong learner Able to take direction and work independently Excel in high pressure situations Excellent communicator who can convey complex technical concepts in simple terms Resourceful and solution focused Willingness to do whatever needs to be done to get it right Value being part of a team and working collaboratively Tight-knit, teamwork culture Training and development Flexible hours Remote work options Comprehensive benefits Casual dress code Team socials Stocked office kitchen (post-Covid) Beautiful, open, pet-friendly environment in a vibrant location (post-Covid) Tailored virtual onboarding IT equipment and supplies delivered to your doorstep 
ScrapedJobID887:
Develop course content that interconnects with the learner’s needs, including interactive exercises and tests Create and maintain courses by adding, deleting and changing course content as appropriate and be flexible enough to keep offerings up-to-date Design storyboards for graphics, animations and video Proofread and edit for style consistency, logic, organization, and rational development of content Confer with project teams and clients to gather technical requirements on instructional methods and materials related to specific course subjects Performing special projects as required Strong communication and organization skills Familiarity with HTML, CSS and JavaScript Familiarity with graphic and video manipulation programs is considered an asset Familiarity with mobile and responsive web development is considered an asset Diploma in web design, multimedia development, or a related field Supported to do the best work of your life Mission to transform the way the world learns Flexible work hours Two paid volunteer days Health and wellness programs Collaborative work environment Various committees including Environmental Advisory Committee and Social Committee And lots of other great benefits 
ScrapedJobID888:
Training in software development; Training in financial markets, project management and consultancy skills; Gaining practical project work experience and working in an agile team; Hands-on training from some of the leading consultants in the industry; Working with high-profile clients using the latest technology stacks; Experienced, supportive, smart and friendly colleagues; Working alongside grads from our other offices. A strong interest and understanding of front-end technologies like JavaScript, HTML5 and CSS3; Understand basic networking such as HTTP and TCP/IP; Some coding experience in Java, JavaScript, Python, C# or similar. This could have been gained at university, job or placement; Armed with a strong desire to progress and learn; A quick learner with excellent communication skills to efficiently leverage the knowledge of more experienced members of the team; BSc/MSc in Computer Science, Maths or Science (as long as you are interested in coding) or equivalent (we are flexible for candidates with real, hands-on experience). 23 days vacation Health insurance (dental and medical) Short-term disability and long-term disability Commuter benefits Employee Assistance Programme Life Insurance Pension scheme Gym plan 
ScrapedJobID889:
Workplace : 5600 Chemin Côte-de-Liesse, Montreal, Quebec with possibilities of working from home. A formidable and dynamic team of professionals. Benefits: competitive base salary and generous benefits package (including flexible hours, medical and dental insurance, pension plan and holidays during the Holiday Season). Discounts offered to employees on Groupe Marcelle products. Optimization, extension customization, issue investigation, custom functionality build, front-end integration, bug testing, etc. Follow internal Magento development code ethics and review. Assist Project Manager on estimating complex tasks or prospective projects. Identify user and system requirements for new websites and applications. Work closely with other developers, business analysts, product owners & UX/UI designers. Create wireframes and design systems to build and maintain web brand standards and guidelines. Integrate, with web service, layers and CMS to enable high availability and flexibility with deployments. Develops and maintains responsive web designs using PWA Studio or similar framework. Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade the front-end software stack. Test software to ensure responsiveness and scalability. Write technical documentation. Solid experience (3+ years) as a Front-End Developer or similar capacity. Knowledge of multiple front-end languages and libraries (HTML, JavaScript, CSS, JSON, XSLT, and XML). At least 2 years’ experience Magento Development in an eCommerce environment. Experience working with Magento 2 Commerce. Experience writing single page applications using JavaScript frameworks. Experience with Magento 2 PWA (PWA Studio). Experience with Angular, React, and Ajax. Must have experience with Git for pushing/pulling code. Experience with Jira and Agile methodology. Excellent verbal and written communication skills in both English and French. Teamwork oriented. Attention to details. Work well under pressure. You are intellectually curious and a quick learner. 
ScrapedJobID890:
Develop course content that interconnects with the learner’s needs, including interactive exercises and tests Create and maintain courses by adding, deleting and changing course content as appropriate and be flexible enough to keep offerings up-to-date Design storyboards for graphics, animations and video Proofread and edit for style consistency, logic, organization, and rational development of content Confer with project teams and clients to gather technical requirements on instructional methods and materials related to specific course subjects Performing special projects as required Strong communication and organization skills Familiarity with HTML, CSS and JavaScript Familiarity with graphic and video manipulation programs is considered an asset Familiarity with mobile and responsive web development is considered an asset Diploma in web design, multimedia development, or a related field Supported to do the best work of your life Mission to transform the way the world learns Flexible work hours Two paid volunteer days Health and wellness programs Collaborative work environment Various committees including Environmental Advisory Committee and Social Committee And lots of other great benefits 
ScrapedJobID891:
Training in software development; Training in financial markets, project management and consultancy skills; Gaining practical project work experience and working in an agile team; Hands-on training from some of the leading consultants in the industry; Working with high-profile clients using the latest technology stacks; Experienced, supportive, smart and friendly colleagues; Working alongside grads from our other offices. A strong interest and understanding of front-end technologies like JavaScript, HTML5 and CSS3; Understand basic networking such as HTTP and TCP/IP; Some coding experience in Java, JavaScript, Python, C# or similar. This could have been gained at university, job or placement; Armed with a strong desire to progress and learn; A quick learner with excellent communication skills to efficiently leverage the knowledge of more experienced members of the team; BSc/MSc in Computer Science, Maths or Science (as long as you are interested in coding) or equivalent (we are flexible for candidates with real, hands-on experience). 23 days vacation Health insurance (dental and medical) Short-term disability and long-term disability Commuter benefits Employee Assistance Programme Life Insurance Pension scheme Gym plan 
ScrapedJobID892:
8 hour shift Angular: 2 years (preferred) .NET Core: 2 years (preferred) Microsoft SQL Server: 2 years (preferred) APIs: 2 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID893:
Workplace : 5600 Chemin Côte-de-Liesse, Montreal, Quebec with possibilities of working from home. A formidable and dynamic team of professionals. Benefits: competitive base salary and generous benefits package (including flexible hours, medical and dental insurance, pension plan and holidays during the Holiday Season). Discounts offered to employees on Groupe Marcelle products. Optimization, extension customization, issue investigation, custom functionality build, front-end integration, bug testing, etc. Follow internal Magento development code ethics and review. Assist Project Manager on estimating complex tasks or prospective projects. Identify user and system requirements for new websites and applications. Work closely with other developers, business analysts, product owners & UX/UI designers. Create wireframes and design systems to build and maintain web brand standards and guidelines. Integrate, with web service, layers and CMS to enable high availability and flexibility with deployments. Develops and maintains responsive web designs using PWA Studio or similar framework. Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade the front-end software stack. Test software to ensure responsiveness and scalability. Write technical documentation. Solid experience (3+ years) as a Front-End Developer or similar capacity. Knowledge of multiple front-end languages and libraries (HTML, JavaScript, CSS, JSON, XSLT, and XML). At least 2 years’ experience Magento Development in an eCommerce environment. Experience working with Magento 2 Commerce. Experience writing single page applications using JavaScript frameworks. Experience with Magento 2 PWA (PWA Studio). Experience with Angular, React, and Ajax. Must have experience with Git for pushing/pulling code. Experience with Jira and Agile methodology. Excellent verbal and written communication skills in both English and French. Teamwork oriented. Attention to details. Work well under pressure. You are intellectually curious and a quick learner. 
ScrapedJobID894:
Design, develop, and deploy eCommerce core capabilities and enable on banner sites using Shopify Perform coding, debugging, testing and troubleshooting throughout the development application process Ensure consistently excellent performance on all major devices and browsers, including fast load times & bug-free core functionality Maintain custom Shopify Plus sites, apps, and integrations Custom Shopify Plus back-end development Migrate data from other eCommerce platforms to Shopify Plus in a way that is clean and effective (example re-platforming from Magento to Shopify Plus – customers, orders, products, images, gift cards, promo codes, etc.) Research, install, and configure various Shopify apps Collaborate with other team members, clients, and partners Work in a command line environment to perform automated tasks Update clients about project details during active projects, and help educate clients on the platform and web technology Follow documentation for code, standards, and workflow Integrate the Shopify back-end with 3rd party systems like ERP (NetSuite, Full Circle), CRM, etc. Troubleshoot and solve issues individually, and collaboratively Prioritize and accomplish tasks over multiple projects with strict deadlines 3+ years’ experience working on responsive web projects Experience with Shopify’s Liquid or other templating languages Understanding of RESTful web services and GraphQL Ruby/Ruby on Rails, BDD, TDD Skilled in clean, well-written HTML/CSS and Javascript (SCSS) Experience with Git and Continuous Integration Services Proficiency with Mac OS X Understanding of Shopify API and Shopify Scripts Basic understanding of Agile workflow and development methodologies Experience with Ecommerce Ability to write code for complex user interactions Create code that is easy for other developers to maintain You have high standards and care about the performance of your code and finished product Ability to take on technical ownership of several projects, propose new features, and improve overall project quality. Communicate complex web development topics in an easily digestible manner for people with varying levels of web knowledge Enjoy problem solving with a growth learning attitude Self-driven with good time management skills, able to prioritise tasks and deliver on time Present yourself professionally and confidently to clients and be responsive to requests Day shift Monday to Friday Night shift Night Shift (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID895:
Working as a lead developer creating custom, web & mobile applications Architecting, designing & developing databases Setting up and configuring server environments Continuously improving application features, functionality, architecture or systems Development of cross platform web applications Platform design & development Application integrations Graduate of a computer science program or actively enrolled within a co-op university computer science program with several completed work terms 2-5 years professional development, work placements or related industry experience Proficiency in the following: LAMP PHP NodeJS MySQL, NoSQL Cordova AngularJS MEAN Wordpress / Drupal Linux Javascript / JQuery Apache (Cron, bash script, Iptables, Varnish) Linux Amazon EC2 Experience with Subversion and/or Git Setting up and running LAMP and IIS servers Creative problem solving skills and proficiency in code level research Excellent organizational skills, system and code level documentation experience Development in open source CMS Drupal 6.x and Drupal 7.x; custom themes and views creation Proficient CSS3 skills to customize existing themes or create new themes Proven experience in web development: PHP, CSS3, HTML5, JS, and AJAX Proficient in cross browser testing and development using all current browsers Working knowledge of Google apps, analytics and monitoring software Working knowledge of graphic design tools such as Photoshop for integration Strong educational background in software development Mobile smartphone development experience (iPhone, Blackberry, and/or Android devices) Knowledge of project management and software development life cycles Understanding of quality assurance, testing & development protocols Excellent interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills Ability to work independently and effectively as part of a team Detail oriented, ensuring accuracy of information, objectivity and advanced research capabilities Ability to work independently a fast paced, demanding, challenging and multi-tasking environment A positive energy, presence and a proven ability to work in teams 
ScrapedJobID896:
HTML AutoCAD MS Office WordPress Adobe Freehand Estimate costs of materials and time to complete graphic designs and illustrations Adapt existing illustrations Corporation Non-smoking Air conditioned Design sample Example of completed work Public transportation is available Work under pressure Attention to detail Sitting Large workload Tight deadlines 1 to 2 people Urban area Initiative Team player Consult with clients to establish the overall look, graphic elements and content of communications materials Determine the medium best suited to produce the desired visual effect and the most appropriate vehicle for communication Develop the graphic elements that meet the clients' objectives Prepare sketches, layouts and graphic elements Use existing photo and illustration banks and typography guides Establish guidelines for illustrators or photographers Co-ordinate all aspects of production for print, audio-visual or electronic materials Consult with clients to determine the nature and content of illustrations in order to meet their communications needs Develop and produce realistic or representational sketches and final illustrations Assist in developing storyboards for electronic productions 
ScrapedJobID897:
English, Middle (1100-1500) Certified Computing Professional (CCP) Enterprise resource planning (ERP) software Eclipse Adobe Acrobat Reader Consulting firm Plan, design, write, modify, integrate and test Web-site related code XML JavaScript HTML CSS Python Shell script Computer Internet access Cellular phone Travel expenses paid by employer Public transportation is available Linux Web service design Programming languages Software development Data analysis software Website creation and management software Initiative Effective interpersonal skills Team player Excellent oral communication Excellent written communication Client focus Dependability Organized Remote work available 
ScrapedJobID898:
Be a contributing member of our software team Ensure our practices improve through iterative changes Establish and follow enterprise level coding standards Collaborate with our Global development team Facilitate great product outcomes by collaborating with our architecture and design teams Must have at least 3 years of professional software development experience, including at least 2 years of experience with C# or ASP.NET. .NET core experience is a plus. Must have at least 2 years of JavaScript front-end development experience. Experience with React.JS is a plus. Experience with distributed source control systems, preferably git. Experience with consuming, developing, deploying, and supporting RESTful Web APIs and/or web services is highly desired. Familiar with different software development methodologies and concepts such as design patterns, aspect-oriented programming, continuous integration, and delivery (CI/CD), unit tests, TDD, and BDD, and infrastructure as code. Ability to gather aspect requirements from a variety of internal and external stakeholders with different knowledge levels Familiar and comfortable with remote work. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, especially dealing with rules-based complexity. Excellent communicator who can facilitate technical discussions and decision making as well as communicate engineering ideas to technical and non-technical audiences alike. Experience with document accessibility concepts (WCAG, PDF/UA requirements) Experience with developing and maintaining software solutions that require rules-based complexity at scale Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Profit sharing Tuition reimbursement Vision care Wellness program Work from home 8 hour shift How many years of JavaScript experience? Ho many years of React experience? 
ScrapedJobID899:
Experience with social media platforms, content creation and implementation Experience with Google AdWords, remarketing and other digital strategies Degree, diploma or recognized certificate in graphic design, new media, web design, multimedia arts or similar Paid time off Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday Calgary, AB: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (preferred) Graphic Design: 3 years (preferred) Website Building: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID900:
8 hour shift Monday to Friday Have you living locally for at least 2 years? PHP: 4 years (preferred) Yii: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID901:
Access to social volunteer and recreational programs, via our many Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) Opportunities for career development through active internal mobility and our innovative training program: Canada Academy A brand new workspace, flexible, comfortable and easily adaptable to your needs: remote work opportunities, standing desks, innovation lab., open meeting rooms and spaces Development and automation of IPT tools (full development lifecycle). Support and improvements of our existing applications. Propose technical solutions to new initiatives and problems. Documentation of systems and processes. Management of the progress and delivery of tasks and projects. Software development in a variety of languages and technologies. 3 to 5 years of applicable development experience. Strong development skills in one or more language (Java, Python, Perl). Strong understanding of design patterns and application architecture. Strong SQL skills, preferably applied to MS SQL Server and Oracle. Strong user support skills. Strong analytical skills. Must be independent, organized, self-motivated, responsible individual able to complete tasks with little or no outside support. Ability to interface with users at all levels of the organization. Strong communication skills. Experience in web development (HTML, CSS, Javascript) is a plus. 
ScrapedJobID902:
Provides technical leadership in the analysis and review of existing or proposed system features and integration, security, scalability, and performance requirements with users, business analysts, architects, and team members. Leads the evaluation and selection process for application packages, and advises on options, risk, cost vs. benefits, and impacts on business processes and goals. Develops system test plans, oversees testing of new or modified applications, and ensures applications meet specifications. Develops integration plans and ensures for the incorporation of plans into integration testing process. Ensures documentation of functions and changes to new or modified modules, tests activities/results, error handling, and backup/recovery procedures. Designs, develops, and programs specialized custom software, prepares functional specifications, and builds prototypes. They are looking for Senior Java Developer – they will be working on building new software integration tools. Provides technical leadership in the analysis and review of existing or proposed system features and integration, security, scalability and performance requirements with users, business analysts, architects, and team members. Leads the evaluation and selection process for application packages, and advises on options, risk, cost vs. benefits, and impacts on business processes and goals. Develops system test plans, oversees testing of new or modified applications, and ensures applications meet specifications. Develops integration plans and ensures for the incorporation of plans into integration testing process. Directs and coordinates the work of other Programmer Analysts, Integration Analysts, Business Analysts, QA Analysts, users and other staff assigned to projects. Min of 8 years of Java Developer exp Experience in designing, developing, and implementing medium to large scale software applications and integrations, primarily using Java or Java-based tools to implement SOAP-based web services or RESTful API's. 
ScrapedJobID903:
Developing functionality for the front- and back-end of N-tier web applications using Microsoft Visual Studio and SQL Server Analyzing, designing, and coding solutions Consulting with other team members to understand business problems Providing input and ideas for web trends and technological implementations Working with business analysts, QA analysts to determine requirements Communicating project progression with senior development staff and project management Undergraduate degree or college diploma in the field of Computer Science, Information Systems or equivalent 4+ years of end-to-end full stack web development cycle experience – from browser to server and back using .NET Deep understanding of a modern application architecture (OOP, general design patterns, layers, services, communication over HTTPS, APIs, data storage, security principles) Hands-on programming experience with the following: Excellent interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills Keen attention to details, superior analytical and problem-solving skills 
ScrapedJobID904:
More than 3 years of experience in courseware development. Experience developing courseware using authoring tools such as: Articulate Storyline, Adobe Captivate, Lectora, HTML5. Ability to liaise with Subject Matter experts from: Military/Government/Business. Excellent written and communication skills. Bilingualism (English/French) is an asset. To acquire experience in different critical industries and projects while working for the same company; To have a competitive salary and a great benefits package (dental, life and medical insurance, RRSP matching, sick days, vacation); To access trainings that focus on expanding your knowledge while staying up to date with cutting edge technologies and best practices; To have a clear career development plan that suits your goals; To have the possibility of working abroad through our mobility program thanks to our international presence; To join a dynamic, specialized and fast-growing group where communication is key and where every team member is valued; To be part of a team where having fun is essential (team building events, 5 à 7, Marathon and more!). 
ScrapedJobID905:
Manage oneself across multiple projects from beginning to end Participate in developing architecture designs, standards, and technologies Engage in system planning and performance analysis Attend daily stand-ups with the tech team, participate in planning meetings and provide documentation as needed on specific elements Develop endpoints and or services in partnership with other teams Follow industry and Routeique derived best practices Review teammates' code in pull requests using BitBucket Continue to assist the team to standardize and re factor legacy applications Implement and deliver solutions to improve the availability, scalability, security, latency, and efficiency of the Routeique platform Interacting with our deployment pipeline to troubleshoot code or infrastructure issues Actively practice TDD with every task, to be directly integrated into our CD pipeline Excellent written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills In depth knowledge of mobile application development, from the initial request to displaying the final result Solid understanding of how hardware and software interact within mobile operating systems Proficiency with JavaScript based frameworks and/or SDKs Proven software development experience in single page JavaScript enabled applications Familiarity with database and enterprise design patterns Full understanding of good practices with RESTful API design and HTTP specifications OO Design and design patterns; ability to solve problems in a simple, neat and organized way Strong grasp of data protection and web application security principals Strong ability with source control management in teams Ability to digest or help design API docs with 3rd parties Passion for best design and coding practices leveraging test driven development and a desire to develop new bold ideas Proven experience with testing frameworks (Example: PHPUnit) Ability to move between separate projects Experience with AngularJS Experience with React Experience with Ionic SDK or similar multi-platform SDK Experience with automation frameworks (AWS CloudFormation, BitBucket Pipelines) Load and performance testing on existing systems Actively contributing to continuous improvement practices for CI/CD philosophy Experience developing E-Commerce, billing and payment solutions Sharing your knowledge with your team is fun for you, and you are happy to help other members of the team solve problems You're comfortable in an early-stage company and are excited at the idea of joining a team of smart, client-oriented folks You're a self-starter and can prioritize your time to accomplish goals without a lot of day to day oversight You’re interested in not just a job but building a company, culture, processes, and growing with us You have a track record of committing to what you say you will do, and are passionate about delivering great products for teams and clients You communicate clearly, write well, speak eloquently, and are comfortable explaining complicated issues over the phone and via email to both engineers and clients You get along with people and like helping people, learning new things, and are quick to solve problems proactively You have experience with and enjoy working teams that are partially or fully remote You are obsessed about hitting deadlines You are comfortable talking with internal team members and/or clients on product calls 
ScrapedJobID906:
Coding in a proactive optic while respecting standards and specifications, with a minimum of bugs and errors; Collaborating with other developers to update existing standards and document projects; Playing a leadership role, proposing and implementing best practices; Acting as a mentor for colleagues who are less experienced and/or have difficulties; Sharing your knowledge with internal and external teams: technical processes, methodologies, and concepts; Collaborating with UI and UX designers, the creative director, project managers, and other relevant teams to deliver digital and multi-platform products that reflect our standards of excellence; Working with clients during technical design and implementation phases. +4 years of experience in front-end development; Excellent knowledge in 1 or many JavaScript frameworks such as Angular or Vue.js or React.js and Node.js. Experience in a context of integration with back-end resources via AJAX/REST API/GraphQL, good knowledge of integration with external APIs (Google, Facebook, etc.); Knowledge of HTML/HTML5 and CSS2/3, SASS; Experience in CSS animation and animation libraries (GSAO, Three.js, Anime.js, etc.); Experience and interest in implementing web accessibility standards (WCAG); Experience with management tools (Git) in a teamwork setting (several developers working at the same time on the same repository); Knowledge of Gulp, Jenkins, Webpack, and ability to create and update their respective tasks; Love to stay up to date on development methodologies and best practices; Agency experience (an asset); Experience and appreciation to work in an Agile environment (an asset). Large-scale digital projects created for clients around the world; Agile (hybrid) mandates supported by Jira and Confluence softwares; Code reviews, pairing tests, CI/CD pipelines; An individual development plan supported by our continuing education platforms; Enriching collaboration with 149 passionate experts, all thoughtfully selected. 
ScrapedJobID907:
Work with internal stakeholders and the vendor Project Manager to define business requirements Lead the web redesign project, manages tasks, project schedules, timelines and reports progress to the Director of Communications and Marketing, the vendor Project Manager and senior leadership Analyze current web analytics, statistical and survey data collected and make recommendations and implement improvements to the usability of site content, architecture and/or navigation Collect, manage input and digital priorities from across various MCC departments and teams Research and develop search optimization and extensive web content management practices (e.g., Content Indexing) Oversee the procurement of a third-party vendor to perform design work Oversee the work of third-party vendor performing the web design work to ensure MCC’s vision is achieved Develop and update website governance documents including page ownership and retention content policies Ensure website content uses best practices for web writing, improving the user experience and adhering to accessibility standards (AODA). Advanced oral and written skills in English are required, with oral and written skills in French considered an asset Post-secondary degree or diploma in web design, web development or related digital communications Minimum 5 years’ experience in web design, web development or related digital communications role Experience leading web transformation, re-design, and optimization projects Experience working with a wide range of Communications resources and platforms, specific to web and social media, including associated systems for web content management, search engine optimization Experience in content development Effective project management skills Strong knowledge of web design and development Strong knowledge of web content management systems (e.g., WordPress, Plugins and Add-ons) Strong knowledge of search engine optimization and design tools to create engaging content Ability to research and organize information Knowledge of video editing, podcast, and webcast recording Knowledge of professional written communications standards Ability to adapt content to the intended media/channel Working knowledge of HTML and the ability to troubleshoot web content and design issues Knowledge of web and social media analytics and data tracking Knowledge of Illustrator, Photoshop, and InDesign an asset Highly developed attention-to-detail Ability to build strong relationships with individuals at all levels across the organization Strong vendor management skills Strong organization and time management skills Ability to manage multiple changing priorities, including under pressure and while working to deadlines Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID908:
Meets with clients to determine project scope and recommends most feasible course of action for development. Advises clients on appropriate multimedia costs, timelines and production process. Coordinates budget and schedule required to complete cost-effective multimedia projects. Completes project on budget and within the timeframe while meeting client’s objectives and expectations. Liaises with team members to coordinate the design, format, and deployment of the multimedia product. Handles storyboarding/wire-framing UI/UX and IA design and development. Writes well-organized and logical code for front-end database and back-end integration. Ensures consistent translation of design to function for web applications, with a focus on usability and adoption. Performs quality assurance and usability testing, troubleshooting and documentation. Develops applications with Institute software infrastructures in mind. Provides ongoing maintenance and support for custom-built applications and systems. Works with team to organize and maintain learning object repository and development servers Researches new and evolving software including testing and prototyping, to determine availability, performance and compatibility with existing equipment for instructional or informational purposes. Formulates recommendations for the implementation of new educational multimedia applications and/or systems to support teaching and learning. Researches, develops, documents and communicates processes and procedures in the areas of educational multimedia development and programming. Advises course developers and instructional designers as to multimedia applications that can be used to solve specific teaching and learning challenges and how to implement them. Recommends Institute standards for educational multimedia programming. Provides up-to-date information and recommendations to facilitate decision-making related to educational multimedia. Participates in Records Custodian training and remains current with record keeping practices, policies and procedures (both BCIT and FOIPOP). Undertakes related duties as assigned, consistent with the job grade of this position. Grade 12, plus completion of a two-year diploma program or equivalent in digital media, web development, computer systems / programming. Two years’ general computer systems experience plus four years’ experience in a similar position, in the development and implementation of educational multimedia within the postsecondary environment. Demonstrated expertise in multimedia applications and proven experience in multimedia development and programming. Experience as a project manager with a proven ability to establish priorities, identify tasks, coordinate the activities of project participants and report on the status of a project. Experience training/mentoring faculty an asset. Portfolio of custom-built web applications or equivalent examples of work required; Examples of applications made for multiple platforms (standalone apps, widgets, mobile, ARNR. .. etc.) an asset. Knowledge of HTML, CSS, Javascript, JQuery, AJAX, SQL, PHP required. Experience developing for LMS, SCORM, educational software highly preferred. Familiar with basic data structure and algorithms, restful APls, API design, version control Graphic and media skills:
Working knowledge of Photoshop, Illustrator, Sketch and other design tools.
Basic audio, video editing and formatting knowledge an asset. Working knowledge of Photoshop, Illustrator, Sketch and other design tools. Basic audio, video editing and formatting knowledge an asset. Ability to effectively analyze learning situations to identify and solve technology-related. Ability to explain technical decisions to the broader team and project sponsors. Eagerness and aptitude to learn new technologies. Must be a team player, with demonstrated ability to work in the dual role of team participant and team leader. Professional, reliable, with a strong work ethic. Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills. Effective training and presentation skills. Demonstrated ability to train adult learners. Creative and visual thinker; keen eye for layout design, understanding of design principles. Excellent organizational and troubleshooting skills with attention to detail. Customer service orientation in all client interactions (internal and external). Being a part of BC’s Top 100 Employers, and a member of the CCDI. A generous Total Compensation package which includes extended health and dental benefits and a superb pension plan. Eligibility for partial remote work upon Institute approval Access to Professional Development Funds and opportunities for career development. Increase your knowledge with Tuition waivers for BCIT courses. Enjoy discounted access to our fitness facilities (including classes like Yoga and Zumba). Additional Wellness and Employee Assistance programs. 
ScrapedJobID909:

ScrapedJobID910:
Steward the website we use every day Manage the marketing materials to meet high quality standards Establish website strategies to support MakerKids' revenue goals Set and implement strategies to grow qualified, profitable external traffic to our products and services, maximize sales and revenue, and meet other business objectives through various marketing strategies. Build landing pages Recommend the suite of tools, technologies, automation and processes necessary for scaling our website efforts. Execute digital marketing strategies to support company sales lead generation, marketing and branding initiatives to include but not limited to the development and implementation of the following: SEO/SEM, Content Marketing, Marketing database campaigns, Web/online survey campaigns, Multiple call-to-action landing pages, Social media engagement Implement high-end marketing pages with rich UI. You will bring a fundamental understanding of WordPress to your work and build high profile marketing pages. You will collaborate with our team to ensure that the goals are being met and that the delivery is of the highest standard. Convert designs into pixel-perfect responsive web pages Lead the development and environment setup for projects while also actively engaged in programming Work closely with our designers on implementing designs into code Measure and optimize overall web page performances Ensure projects are delivered in a timely fashion Provide timely and accurate estimates for project deliverables Hands-on troubleshooting, debugging and fixing of issues during development and post-release Compensation commensurate with experience A generous learning budget Opportunities for growth and advancement Fun social events with the team like karaoke, escape rooms, improv classes, and other activities 2+ years of professional web development experience Experience growing revenue in a web development position Experience with managing a website/SEO and making/overseeing design Experience with Wordpress and Avada Experience maintaining a website, ensuring uptime, increasing speed, and fixing issues Strong leadership experience, grit, and self-starter capabilities Excellent troubleshooting and debugging skills Impeccable written and verbal communication skills as you will be working closely with designers, product managers and occasionally clients An ability to pass a criminal background check with vulnerable sector screening Full-stack developer experience (we have other development projects that could be a fit) Startup experience (preferably in a company that grew substantially within the time worked) Good understanding of SEO Good analytical skills (Google Analytics, etc) Design experience UI/UX experience Bachelor's degree in any related field A sophisticated understanding of HTML semantics and ARIA roles, and knowing their correct application Proficient in writing maintainable CSS / SCSS with a strong understanding of Flexbox & experience working with responsive web design CSS frameworks, such as Bootstrap / Zurb Foundation Deep knowledge of Vanilla JavaScript, ES6, jQuery and other popular libraries Familiar with build tools such as WebPack and Gulp In-depth knowledge of WordPress theme usage, template hierarchies, hooks and filters Experience with implements blocks using Gutenberg in WordPress Solid experience in PHP as a programming language Good understanding of a relational database like MySQL/MariaDB Strong understanding of project management tools in the Atlassian Suite (Jira, Bitbucket, Confluence etc.) Solid understanding of agile development practices including sprints, epics, user stories and development tasks. Experience with version control, ideally Git An impressive portfolio / Github handle to demonstrate Experience with Blade templating language is a big plus Knowledge of open-source WordPress theme boilerplates and differences between them Familiar working with tools like Figma and Zeplin Experience working with WordPress as Headless CMS Familiarity with cloud providers, such as Kinsta, WP Engine, AWS, Google Cloud Platform and Digital Ocean Experience with Docker Experience with Webflow 
ScrapedJobID911:
Provide Consultancy and architecture support for new application development Produce high-quality, testable, and optimally deployed code for recordkeeping systems Design & Develops web applications using SOA, Microservices, and container technologies. Develop applications in the cloud using Java, spring boot, and related cloud platform services. Minimum 5- years' experience with building enterprise applications (Full-stack development across distributed applications and services using Java/J2EE, Spring, Spring-boot, RESTful services, Angular. Senior-level knowledge of middleware Java stack, messaging technologies, containerization, web containers, and test automation. Minimum of 3-years' experience of CI/CD (with tools such as Jenkins, Udeploy, Python. Experience with relational and non-relational databases. Working experience of Inversion of Control, dependency injection, and MVC design pattern. Experience with cloud platforms preferably MS Azure Event-based systems, functional programming, and messaging frameworks such as Kafka and EMS. 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID912:
You will be primarily responsible for Tier 2 and Tier 3 support issues which includes in-depth technical investigation, fixing issues and providing working solutions (including interim application builds) until a longer-term solution is launched by the core engineering team You will also be responsible for building and improving the maturity of the platform’s debugging and diagnostics capabilities using third party and/or custom tools, for example, using network diagnostics to track poor video call performance in a customer environment You will work closely with the engineering team to improve the platform’s logging and monitoring infrastructure using tools such as Splunk, ELK, Datadog etc. You will be responsible for reporting a weekly summary of outstanding customer support issues to the internal team and senior management You will do what it takes to improve customer experience by responding to support issues promptly; you have a customer-first attitude! Your solutions and recommendations during the debugging process will be thorough and will demonstrate detailed-oriented thinking; you will have a plan for next steps in the debug workflow You will always act with personal integrity; your approach to fixing support issues should result in positive customer experience! Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field 3+ years of software support experience – troubleshooting complex issues in enterprise web applications and consumer facing mobile applications (iOS and Android) 4+ years of programming experience in languages such as C#, JS, Java, SQL etc. 3+ years of experience in web and/or mobile application development – API development, data modeling Experience with JIRA Service Desk or other support desk applications Proven experience working directly with customers and customer-facing teams Experience working on healthcare enterprise applications and/or applications in a regulated industry Knowledge of integration software for data exchange with third-party platforms via API, SFTP etc. Experience defining support workflows and improving support process maturity in a small organization 
ScrapedJobID913:
Develop Frontend, Backend & Infrastructure code. Collaborate with Firmware, Hardware, & Product Design teams. Participate in developing product documentation and training. Prepare internal test procedures and working instructions. Implement revisions to, and maintenance of, existing software code. Provide technical support to all cross-functional departments. Comply with relevant industry codes & regulatory standards as well as internal policies and procedures. Minimum completion of a program in computer programming (or equivalent), from a recognized post-secondary institution. Industry experience as a Software Developer (or equivalent). Must be able to demonstrate a successful track record of completed design projects. Comprehensive understanding of development and software debug tools and methods. Working experience with debugging software. Passion for software and all things technological. Proficient spoken and written English. JavaScript, Typescript,
Typeform Typeform SQL Databases NoSQL Databases Agile/scrum familiarity PostgreSQL DynamoDB React Node.js D3.js Jira Material-UI AWS C++ C# Working knowledge of a quality management system (ISO 9001: 2008). 
ScrapedJobID914:
Work alongside the development team to develop new features including front-end part using Angular + NgRx and back-end part using Node.js + Nest.js Optimize our application for speed and efficiency. Help our support and QA team with their testing. Code using latest technologies (see below for details). Provide valuable input during architecture discussions and current architecture at all. Always working to improve your knowledge, technical best practices. Ability to work without direct supervision. Excellent communication skills. (English) 3+ years of experience in IT. Experienced with Typescript. Experienced with Angular. Experienced with RxJs, NgRx. Experienced with HTML/CSS. Experienced with Node.js (Nest.js) + MongoDB. Experienced with Socket.io Experience integrating with REST APIs. Solid understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and work-arounds. Experience working in Agile (Scrum, Kanban, etc) environment Basic understanding of Docker. Cordova, Ionic. Gulp, Webpack. CI/CD practices (Jenkins, Teamcity, etc) 
ScrapedJobID915:
Responsible for the implementation of Bell business systems and application solutions through the interpretation of client business requirements Familiar with software development lifecycle (SDLC), ITIL and Agile Scrum methodologies Work with the business analysts to translate requirements / user stories into working code Contribute to system architecture and design documentation Contribute to database analysis and design documentation Supervise performance testing and functional unit testing of developed applications Assist in creating testing plans & lead resolution of bugs during testing Works in conjunction with technical resources in other Bell cross functional teams and outside vendors to troubleshoot and resolve issues Working as a part of a development team in a fast paced environment Excellent professional and written/verbal communications skills; well-developed negotiation skills in order to successfully bridge gaps between users and developers. 2+ years of software development experience Telecommunications industry experience is desirable. Must have Experience with Java 1.8+, Spring Boot, Spring and Groovy Must have experience working with web services (REST / SOAP) Must have experience with Apache Tomcat, Apache HTTP or WebLogic application servers Must have Experience with Agile/Scrum A working knowledge of writing SQL queries Familiar with development/deployment pipelines using tools as follows: Jira/Git/Bitbucket/Jenkins/Maven Experience with Salesforce and Salesforce development Experience with PHP, Drupal and DNN Experience with AWS Lambda Working experience with AWS services Experience with AngularJS, NodeJS, Coffeescript, Mocha Experience with Puppet, Chef or SaltStack Familiarity or experience with NetCracker Availability to work occasional weekends and evenings to meet hard deadlines and available to work occasional overnights to take part in deployment activities Ability to travel within Montreal, Ottawa, London and Toronto corridors with little advance notification; travel is typically infrequent depending on project needs 
ScrapedJobID916:
Unlimited paid vacation Flexible work space (home or office!) Comprehensive benefits plan Dog friendly downtown office Python (Django) React & React Native AWS Heroku Building our web applications which help restaurants manage their delivery operation. Deploying and scaling our services (coded in Python) which revolutionize the way restaurants manage online ordering platforms. Automating our development and deployment process. Testing and Quality assurance for a big range of modules and services. 3+ years experience developing production software at scale. Previous experience in fast paced environments and developing SaaS software. Proficiency in Web technologies - JavaScript (React, React Native), HTML, CSS, and Python. Experience with REST API development and best practices. Deep Knowledge of Algorithms and Data Structures. Extreme attention to detail and data security. The ability to mentor less experienced developers. 
ScrapedJobID917:
you must be a Quebec resident to apply Works and thrives in a fast-paced, agile, cross-functional organization. Has a passion for discovering new technologies, research new frameworks, Has strong competencies in JavaScript Has strong competencies in HTML/CSS Has competencies with MVC architectures in PHP Has competencies in Responsive Web Design Has good communication abilities with back-end devs and support staff. Hsa the desire to be driven and organized so that work is produced and Can problem solve under pressure. Cares about user experience and wants to build consumer-focused React or an other modern frontend framework Basic understanding of GNU/Linux, SSH, and Git. Understanding of caching PCI / HIPAA SaaS REST 
ScrapedJobID918:
World-class training and resources. Mature business process framework and infrastructure so that you can hone in on your own skills and what you do best. The position includes paid time off. PTO accrues and is made available after successful completion of the probationary period. The position includes health benefits which are made available after 90 days. RRSP/TFSA matching contribution available after 6 months of employment. Develop new E-Commerce sites (typically on the two largest SaaS platforms, Shopify and BigCommerce). Build out fully-functional E-Commerce pages to a pixel-perfect match of a provided design mockup. Add new features and functionality to existing E-Commerce sites. Create custom integrations between E-Commerce platforms and third party applications. Ensure the code behind a website adheres to WCAG guidelines. Understanding client requirements (regardless of how they are presented), and translating them into effective and usable experiences. High attention to detail. Demonstrated aptitude for learning new technologies. Ability to effectively communicate with the design department to assess how elements should function. Strong understanding of web and mobile best practices and trends. A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, or 5 years experience in web development. Proficiency in HTML5 and CSS. Experience working with version-control software. A minimum of 1 year experience working with jQuery. Knowledge of an E-Commerce platform (Shopify or BigCommerce) and its templating language. Eager to learn from senior developers - and improve upon their work. Ability to solve business problems first and write code second - not the other way around! Proficiency in SASS. Experience in AJAX and JSON. A powerful desire to become the best at developing E-Commerce sites. 1+ year experience working with Webpack. Experience making the web accessible to those with disabilities. Experience with Javascript frameworks such as React and Angular. 1+ year experience working with Shopify Slate and/or Themekit. A deep knowledge of Shopify and its templating language (Liquid). Thorough knowledge of a BigCommerce and its templating language (Handlebars.js). 1+ year experience developing locally with BigCommerce Stencil CLI. A thorough understanding of Handlebars.js and the BigCommerce Handlebars Helpers. N/A Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No weekends Yes 
ScrapedJobID919:
Discuss and design frontend interfaces with the design/development team Maintain the previous platform while developing a new platform Work with UX and UI designer to implement features as designed Create readable and stable code Constructively review team members’ code and address issues found in your own code Investigate product defects, identify and fix root causes, test and deploy fixes Contribute to the ongoing improvement of team practices and procedures Participate in all Scrum practices: sprint planning, daily standups, estimation, backlog grooming, and retrospectives 2+ years of experience building performant & responsive Web Apps with great UI/UX Strong skills in HTML5, CSS3 (1+ Yrs. with Bootstrap), and Javascript(1+ Yrs with jQuery). React/Redux experience React-Native experience Proficient in Git (Gitlab/Bitbucket) Experience setting organization-wide frontend standards for component and style reuse. Comfortable working with the command line (Mac/Ubuntu/Linux) Published Apps on store using React native ChartJS, D3JS, or other data visualization framework Google Maps API (JS/Server-side) knowledge Have experience with LAMP Stack Opportunity to grow Salary and performance-based bonus PTO and paid holidays Dental Care, Private Practitioner and Extra Health benefits Opportunities for professional development and advancement Weekly 'happy hour' Fun team-building events and activities Tight-knit work environment of a small company Roomvu is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability,protected veteran status, and other statuses protected by law. Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID920:
Access to social volunteer and recreational programs, via our many Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) Opportunities for career development through active internal mobility and our innovative training program: Canada Academy A brand new workspace, flexible, comfortable and easily adaptable to your needs: remote work opportunities, standing desks, innovation lab., open meeting rooms and spaces Development and automation of IPT tools (full development lifecycle). Support and improvements of our existing applications. Propose technical solutions to new initiatives and problems. Documentation of systems and processes. Management of the progress and delivery of tasks and projects. Software development in a variety of languages and technologies. 3 to 5 years of applicable development experience. Strong development skills in one or more language (Java, Python, Perl). Strong understanding of design patterns and application architecture. Strong SQL skills, preferably applied to MS SQL Server and Oracle. Strong user support skills. Strong analytical skills. Must be independent, organized, self-motivated, responsible individual able to complete tasks with little or no outside support. Ability to interface with users at all levels of the organization. Strong communication skills. Experience in web development (HTML, CSS, Javascript) is a plus. 
ScrapedJobID921:
Responsible for the implementation of Bell business systems and application solutions through the interpretation of client business requirements Familiar with software development lifecycle (SDLC), ITIL and Agile Scrum methodologies Work with the business analysts to translate requirements / user stories into working code Contribute to system architecture and design documentation Contribute to database analysis and design documentation Supervise performance testing and functional unit testing of developed applications Assist in creating testing plans & lead resolution of bugs during testing Works in conjunction with technical resources in other Bell cross functional teams and outside vendors to troubleshoot and resolve issues Working as a part of a development team in a fast paced environment Excellent professional and written/verbal communications skills; well-developed negotiation skills in order to successfully bridge gaps between users and developers. 2+ years of software development experience Telecommunications industry experience is desirable. Must have Experience with Java 1.8+, Spring Boot, Spring and Groovy Must have experience working with web services (REST / SOAP) Must have experience with Apache Tomcat, Apache HTTP or WebLogic application servers Must have Experience with Agile/Scrum A working knowledge of writing SQL queries Familiar with development/deployment pipelines using tools as follows: Jira/Git/Bitbucket/Jenkins/Maven Experience with Salesforce and Salesforce development Experience with PHP, Drupal and DNN Experience with AWS Lambda Working experience with AWS services Experience with AngularJS, NodeJS, Coffeescript, Mocha Experience with Puppet, Chef or SaltStack Familiarity or experience with NetCracker Availability to work occasional weekends and evenings to meet hard deadlines and available to work occasional overnights to take part in deployment activities Ability to travel within Montreal, Ottawa, London and Toronto corridors with little advance notification; travel is typically infrequent depending on project needs 
ScrapedJobID922:
Improve and develop software systems to meet users' needs by finding solutions, solving complex problems, code development, testing, debugging and documenting systems. Take part in all project phases to ensure completion by collaborative with users and communicating status reports. Provide on-call support for production systems to guarantee their functionality. Ensure systems are optimal and meet quality standards by analyzing, providing suggestions and developing assessments. Make recommendations and participate in improving development and system maintenance processes. 2+ years of experience developing n-tier web applications using Java and Java-based application frameworks. Understanding SOA spirit and principals and some SOA development experience Solid understanding of Object-Oriented Analysis and Design Strong knowledge of server-side Java technologies such as JSP, JSF, Servlets, EJB, JDBC, JMS, WebSphere, Tomcat, Docker, Openshift/Kubernetes Experience with GitHub, Eclipse, IBM RAD, IBM RTC, Toad Experience with open source frameworks and tools such as Hibernate, Ivy, Ant, Maven An award-winning, inspiring workplace that supports its people and recognizes great work Stimulating, challenging projects and development opportunities to help you grow your skills and career A comprehensive financial rewards program that recognizes your success An extensive, flexible benefits package An industry leading Employee Share Purchase Plan where we match 50% of net shares purchased A $350 annual wellness account that promotes an active lifestyle 
ScrapedJobID923:
Develop and support Java applications for the platform Develop and support Java utilities used by platform and services teams Integrate and develop function to support monitoring and debugging of the CPaaS ecosystem (Logging, Alarming, Operational measurements) Understand the depth of an application to analyze issues & bugs and to estimate new features and improvements Other duties as assigned Must have minimum of 1-3 years of professional development experience in an enterprise environment Degree in computer science / engineering or related discipline Experience with Java Understanding of Spring-boot applications Experience with multi-threaded application Experience with integrating 3rd party application into Java code Experience with databases: MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle Experience with modeling / profiling tools Experience in security hardening of applications / platforms Excellent communication skills Committed to learning and growing with the team and eager to take on new challenges. Familiarity with Jenkins Familiarity with Helm management of microservices Familiarity Real-time HA systems Familiarity with performance, capacity measurement and analysis Familiarity in deploying complex products, solutions Familiarity with real-time communication ecosystems including Application servers, session border controllers, proxies, gateways Familiarity with WebRTC. Familiarity with protocols: REST, SIP, RTP, Websocket Familiarity with C / C++ 
ScrapedJobID924:
Develop new user-facing features for enterprise desktop applications, mobile, tablet Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders in development, product and UX Implement code according to best practices Strong background in UI/UX design, methodologies, and development Strong understanding ofReact orVue.js D3.js and jQWidgets experience is preferred Hybridmobileapp (PhoneGap) / React Native experience is preferred Must be able to deliver high-quality work across multiple projects on time Excellent verbal and written communication for all levels of the organization required Three or more years of professional experience in web interface design and development Must provide portfolio of previous work products Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Design or equivalent field 
ScrapedJobID925:
7+ years of experience developing web application interfaces or equivalent verifiable portfolio and work examples. Adept with vanilla HTML, CSS, and Javascript. Adept with SASS. Adept with ReactJS, ES6, and JSX syntax. Adept with Webpack and advanced build parameters. Familiarity with Typescript. Familiarity with Firebase (Hosting, Cloud Firestore, Storage, and Authentication). Familiarity with the implementation of automated UI testing methods via Selenium/Puppeteer. Familiarity with user testing methods and optimization of the user journey. Familiarity with principles of secure authentication and client-side cybersecurity. Strong communication and conversational skills in English. Detail-oriented: a healthy obsession with alignment, pleasing visuals, consistency in experiences, and potential for vulnerabilities in a UI. A cautious “test before you deploy” approach to continuous integration. Clean, methodical approach to coding and ability to match coding styles to a centralized standard. Initiative to go above and beyond the blueprints and design to bring new ideas to the table. An enjoyment of new challenges; flexibility and ability to adapt to new, unforeseen situations. A strong sense of pride and ownership in your work! Integration of testing methods with a CI/CD pipeline, and separation of UI builds into several different development checkpoint environments. Occasional site development and deployment using Wix. 
ScrapedJobID926:
You are passionate about providing solutions that delight customers. You have a track record of delivering high quality, testable software, and services on time. You are a strong developer in object-oriented languages such as C# or Java. You have experience working within a Cloud Environment (Azure preferred) You are excited developing distributed, high-performance web applications and database systems. You are familiar with SOLID principles, design patterns, SOA, OOAD and agile development best practices. You are result focused, guided by principles and best practices, and thrive in a fast paced, iterative development environment. You are a creative problem solver and pay attention to detail. Contribute to the creation and development of our core microservices. Assess existing infrastructure and create solutions for services that need to be distributed and highly scalable. Investigate, analyze, and make recommendations to the team regarding technology improvements, upgrades, and modifications. Ability to demonstrate our values in an on-going and consistent way BS degree or higher in computer science, engineering, or equivalent 5+ years of development experience with C# or Java and OOAD Experience working within a cloud-based environment. Experience creating highly scalable solutions on Azure or similar cloud platforms. Excellent technical and communication skills. 
ScrapedJobID927:
3+ years of professional experience in writing and shipping code with React.JS. In-depth knowledge of CSS3, HTML5, AJAX, JavaScript, TypeScript including DOM manipulation and the JavaScript object model. Knowledge of React tools using webpack, Redux, Flux, and automated testing framework. Experience with Ant Design (or JQuery, Bootstrap could be a bonus). Experience in data portal design and web based data visualization; knowing D3 or Chart.js is helpful. Able to integrate with and manage APIs. Experience with at least one of server side language such as Python, Node.JS is desired. Experience with version control systems such as Gitlab. Experience with:
Agile development methodologies
MVC frameworks
Relational and schema-less databases
Major CMS e.g. Drupal, Joomla, Wordpress.
UNIX/Linux environments Agile development methodologies MVC frameworks Relational and schema-less databases Major CMS e.g. Drupal, Joomla, Wordpress. UNIX/Linux environments Strong written and oral communication skills Track record of initiative and self-organization with strong time management skills Willingness and ability to work on multiple projects at the same time Demonstrated ability to work within a collaborative team across multiple disciplines Willingness to research and learn new approaches and technologies Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related discipline 
ScrapedJobID928:
Freedom and a healthy work- life balance– Embrace our flexible work environment with flex hours, telecommuting and digital workspaces. Solve the world’s most significant problems – Be part of exciting and innovative projects. Engaging, challenging, and fast evolving, cutting edge technological environment. Opportunities to advance your career and mentorship programs on a local and global scale. Competitive total rewards package. Profit sharing available. Rewarding vacation entitlement with the opportunity to buy and sell your vacation depending on your lifestyle. Contribute to our social responsibility initiatives focused on access to education, access to technology and sustaining communities and make a positive impact on the community. Participate in our celebrations, social events and offsite business events. Opportunities to contribute your innovative ideas and get paid for them! Employee perks and discounts. Diversity and inclusivity focused. Collaborate with other programmers to create the UI in our new quotation tool. Collaborate with team members to ensure UI depicts the required information from databases and tables. Respond to time sensitive requests while working in an agile environment. Take ownership of tasks to meet deadlines while working independently. Minimum 5 years of working experience in Angular/AngularJS UI Framework. Experience in JavaScript, HTML, CSS3 with AWS certification is a benefit. Must have excellent communication skills and able to function within a team in Agile work environment. Java script CSS3 UI Framework – AngularJS, Angular Unit Testing – Karma, Jasmine, Junit Build Tools – Gulp, Webpack Node/Node-JS Atlassian Bitbucket/Bamboo. Working knowledge of Docker containers. 
ScrapedJobID929:
Planifier, gérer et contrôler le développement d'une application Web d'envergure. Avoir une bonne connaissance du domaine des médias et de la publicité. Comprendre, analyser et évaluer les besoins des clients puis proposer des solutions simples pour eux, mais utilisant plusieurs données. Collaborer avec les autres membres de l'équipe au développement et à l’intégration de sites web et d’interfaces «responsive» en se conformant aux standards du W3C et aux normes internes. Effectuer la personnalisation et l’adaptation de contenu et le développement de projets utilisant un gestionnaire de contenu (CMS) ou une plateforme de commerce électronique ou les deux. Respecter les engagements et les échéanciers. S’assurer de la qualité des livrables. Études collégiales ou universitaires en informatique ou équivalent ; Connaissance et maîtrise des bonnes pratiques en matière de développement web ; 3 années d’expérience en développement web – un atout ; Maîtrise des langages PHP et Javascript (JQUERY, AJAX) dans un environnement Laravel ; Maîtrise des bases de données MySQL et des requêtes complexes ; Bonne connaissance du HTML, du CSS et des recommandations du W3C ; Connaissances dans l’utilisation d’APIs externes (ex. : Google Maps, services d’expédition, etc.) ; Bonne connaissance du système de gestion de WordPress ; Connaissance de la solution de commerce en ligne Opencart et Woocommerce. Souci de la qualité et du détail Aptitude à gérer plusieurs projets simultanément Autonome et polyvalent À l’affût des nouvelles tendances du web (vieille technologique) Joueur d’équipe dynamique Bien parler et écrire en français et en anglais Dois avoir un bon esprit entrepreneurial et pouvoir travailler avec peu de supervision Désir de s'améliorer Aimer le travail en équipe et les défis hors des sentiers battus Capacité de sortir de sa zone de confort et de trouver de nouvelles façons de faire Veuillez prendre note que la forme masculine utilisée dans cette fiche désigne aussi bien les femmes que les hommes. Elle est utilisée dans le seul but d’alléger le texte. 
ScrapedJobID930:
PHP Programming, in a fast-paced & highly complex software landscape; Data normalization, blending unlike data sets to allow them to appear uniform and form a single source of truth; Teamwork, to make complex system overhauls a straightforward and predictable endeavor; Working in a bilingual environment; Leveraging cache systems, such as Redis & Memcache, to ensure the stability of core data sources: MySQL clusters & API providers. Please note this position is in Montreal, Quebec. Programmation PHP, dans un environnement logiciel très complexe et en évolution rapide ; Normalisation des données, en mélangeant des ensembles de données différents pour leur donner une apparence uniforme et former une source unique de vérité ; Le travail d'équipe, pour assurer que les révisions de systèmes complexes demeurent un effort simple et prévisible ; Travailler dans un environnement bilingue ; L'exploitation de systèmes de cache, tels que Redis et Memcache, pour garantir la stabilité des sources de données principales : Clusters MySQL et fournisseurs d'API. 
ScrapedJobID931:
Working independently on multiple smaller tasks or larger builds with shifting priorities and tight deadlines Adhering to and providing accurate estimates for the amount of time required to repair a defect, a build, or to add additional functionality to an existing application Providing efficient solutions in a timely manner for work requests, issues, and defects Communicating well with account managers, supervisors, and clients in regards to work requests, problems and defects Acting as both a peer / mentor to other developers as well as be comfortable asking for help from team members Implementing updates & revisions to web applications Experience building React applications that:
Work with an API to serve dynamic content from an outside source.
Will interact with headless Drupal setups through specifications like JSON:API. Work with an API to serve dynamic content from an outside source. Will interact with headless Drupal setups through specifications like JSON:API. We work extensively with Drupal which is a PHP based content management framework, and while Drupal experience is a plus, it’s not a requirement. Experience working with design systems or style guides provided by a creative or UX team. Ability to find and fix problems in code, this might not be your code and your only hint might be a cryptic complaint from a client. If you know other programming languages or frameworks, don’t forget to mention them, any technical knowledge is relevant. Comfortable with the command line, such as running scripts or managing files While this is a React position, applicants with Vue, Angular or other javascript framework experience will be considered. Formal education or prior experience is NOT required, we just want to know that you can code, so hopefully you have some code you can show us. All offers of employment with Acro Media Inc are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Flex start times & Earned days off: Do you prefer to start at 8:00? or 9:00? We'll work with you. Want every second Friday off? Well we've got a program for that too! Paid Overtime: What? What?! Yep you heard right. We pay for all approved OT...not that we want everyone working so hard, but with the natural ebb and flow of our industry sometimes it's needed to blast out the OT in order to keep our heads above water. We find this little pay cheque nugget is a nice reward for the over timerz. Slappies: Tougher to explain but once a month we get together and have a little ceremony, some food, a few brews - no altars or corporate chants involved. Fun day: We aim to have fun every day; however, every year for a day we cram a bunch of fun on ourselves. Weee! SPARC Events: Sometimes we have an in-house breakfast, team building events, (less corny than it sounds), competitions, or just a plain little reward for no reason. It's a little spark in our usually normal days. Warning, we wear costumes. Often. Culture: We're a certain type of people. We're all a little different and unique in our own way but we seem to work well together. No one’s perfect and we embrace that. We take our work seriously, but we don't take ourselves too seriously. Check out our site to get to know us! Remote work available! 
ScrapedJobID932:
Assurance Dentaire Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vision Horaires flexibles REER Collectif Travail à Distance 8 Heures Du Lundi au Vendredi DEC (Souhaité) Node.js: 2 ans (Souhaité) React.js: 2 ans (Obligatoire) TypeScript: 2 ans (Souhaité) JavaScript: 2 ans (Souhaité) Yes 
ScrapedJobID933:
Extended health care Monday to Friday Node.js: 2 years (required) React: 2 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID934:
Java SQL variant javascript + angular, html + css Experience with version control i.e. github Mongo Database Redis Experience with unix/linux Python: numpy / pandas / scikit Testing/debugging User Interface development: knack for design and user interface experience Implementing features / services Gather/Document functional and technical system requirements Write high quality and well-documented code according to accepted standards. Participate in project and team meetings and interacting collaborating with team members Communication skills key for client interactions in onboarding clients, or in defining customer requirements Recent Masters degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering is required 2-3 years of programming experience is required as a full - stack software engineer. Experience in a Software company is preferred from the start-up community, given speed of execution skills in agile. Experience in the areas noted above are critical : no candidates should apply without strong expertise in the areas noted above. Preference for strong communication skills given client interactions in set-up and configuration requirements, or developing custom functional specifications, so both verbal and written skills are important to complement excellent coding skills. SQL variant: 1 year (Required) Unix/Linux: 1 year (Required) Python: 1 year (Preferred) Redis: 1 year (Required) Version control i.e. github: 1 year (Required) Mongodb: 1 year (Required) Java: 2 years (Required) AngularJS: 2 years (Required) Bachelor's Degree (Required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID935:
Own all aspects of implementing assigned product features Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable code Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of our web applications and APIs Ensure code meets the highest standards of information security requirements Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to address and mitigate these problems Help maintain code quality, organization, and automation Continually learn how to improve your craft Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, or equivalent 5+ years of relevant experience Experience with modern web frameworks, Ruby on Rails preferred Experience with React Ability to constantly learn and stay in touch with evolving coding standards and development technologies Strong understanding of object-oriented programming Familiarity with state of the art and best-practices in design and architectural patterns Knack for writing clean, readable, and easily maintainable code Experience implementing automated testing platforms and unit tests Proficient knowledge of code versioning tools such as Git Ability to build and deploy well-tested code in a timely and efficient manner Good written and oral communication skills Self-motivated and comfortable being self-directed Comfortable in Linux/Bash Familiar with Agile software development processes Experience designing and maintaining highly available REST APIs Familiar with Amazon AWS or other IaaS/PaaS platforms Experience with Docker or other containerization platforms Experience with Networking Ability to work in many different technologies 
ScrapedJobID936:
Because we work on the cutting edge, we need someone who is eager to learn, a creative problem solver, resourceful in getting things to work and productive working independently or collaboratively. In your average week, you will:
Collaboratively design new features in a team environment that extends to colleagues in remote locations and from Product Management and User Experience teams.
Work closely with our engineering and operations team to build, integrate, test and deploy your amazing innovations and algorithms into our production systems.
Assess new technology projects and tools or migrate our environment to new versions to keep up with the rapid pace of change.
Work across teams in the infrastructure area as an architect to help integrate features and oversee alignment of topics and ideas
Provide 24/7 on-call support on a rotational basis (week-long every 7-8 weeks) Collaboratively design new features in a team environment that extends to colleagues in remote locations and from Product Management and User Experience teams. Work closely with our engineering and operations team to build, integrate, test and deploy your amazing innovations and algorithms into our production systems. Assess new technology projects and tools or migrate our environment to new versions to keep up with the rapid pace of change. Work across teams in the infrastructure area as an architect to help integrate features and oversee alignment of topics and ideas Provide 24/7 on-call support on a rotational basis (week-long every 7-8 weeks) As a senior Agile Developer, you will also be expected to drive new features from inception to delivery, plan work for other team members and mentor/coach junior members of staff. Bachelor’s degree, preferably in Computer Science or Engineering A solid foundation of Java, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, HTTP, Restful APIs, and asynchronous web services Cloud Native development technologies and typically used software and architecture on Cloud platforms like AWS, Cloud Foundry, or Azure Working knowledge of data structures, algorithms and principles of OO design Understanding of databases and web application servers Ability to work well in a team as well as independently and have a positive self-motivated can-do attitude Bonus if you have experience with:
Building software that must scale to thousands of users concurrently
Monitoring Cloud Applications (Elastic, Dynatrace, Prometheus, CloudWatch)
Developing RESTful APIs with modern technologies such as NodeJS, Golang
Experience in writing software in languages such as Java, Python, Go, JavaScript, C++ or similar
Building containerized applications using Kubernetes, Docker
Working knowledge of Scrum, Test Driven Development, performance testing or data correctness/integrity testing Building software that must scale to thousands of users concurrently Monitoring Cloud Applications (Elastic, Dynatrace, Prometheus, CloudWatch) Developing RESTful APIs with modern technologies such as NodeJS, Golang Experience in writing software in languages such as Java, Python, Go, JavaScript, C++ or similar Building containerized applications using Kubernetes, Docker Working knowledge of Scrum, Test Driven Development, performance testing or data correctness/integrity testing 
ScrapedJobID937:
Must-Have Nice-to-Have Bonus pay Commission pay Casual dress Flexible schedule 8 hour shift Day shift Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID938:
Our team is 31% women and as diverse as the population in the regions we operate in, including the LGBTQIA+ community. 49% of our people were born in countries other than where our offices are located. Our team members collectively speak 19 different languages. 59% of our people speak more than one language In the past year Architech has increased the number of women in our technology function by 200%. We strive to do even better as our multi-year strategic plan unfolds. We analyzed salaries by gender of persons in the same role and are delighted to report a 0% gender pay gap in our delivery and technology roles! Build scalable, reliable, resilient, secure systems that are built open source with cloud first architecture. Implement responsible web and/or mobile design principles using the latest technologies. Work in an Agile team with Designers and Product Owners to continuously iterate and build feedback into the solution. Be part of the team that architects and delivers the nuances within our overall technical strategy. Commit to our ever-evolving CI/CD chain and working templates. Work with technologies such as AWS and our partner technologies within projects including Azure, DotCMS and Red Hat. Approach new projects with the client needs and users in mind. Be open to learn and absorb the rapid changes in the engineering industry. 3+ years of professional web development experience with React, Redux, Node.js, Typescript, JavaScript, jQuery and HTML5. Understanding of object-oriented design principles and RESTful APIs such as, Java. Experience with AWS and good understanding of DevOps. Solid understanding of CSS and CSS frameworks such as Bootstrap, Foundation and Sass. Knowledge and experience with CI/CD using Jenkins or Circle CI or Travis. Strong knowledge of development tools and programming languages, and preferably have experience working with cloud technologies. Excellent communication skills, both written and oral. Be passionate about providing inclusive and accessible experiences to our partners, including seeing products and features through the lens of Accessibility first and championing this vision across our teams. Be willing to work with many teams, trying new methods and helping others learn new ways. 
ScrapedJobID939:
Recueillir les besoins des utilisateurs finaux et des Product Owners et spécifier les fonctionnalités à implémenter. Développer les différentes parties de l'application depuis l'interface utilisateur jusqu'à la gestion des données. Implémenter, tester et fournir des fonctionnalités conformément à nos normes et en suivant le processus d'intégration continue. Fournir un soutien dans les opérations quotidiennes prenant en charge les processus de défauts, problèmes et crises. Être un membre actif de l'équipe en termes de prise de décision et d'amélioration des processus Contribuer à l'amélioration continue de l'équipe par la communication, la documentation et l'automatisation Développement Java et/ou Python Développement web (HTML/CSS, Angular, Bootstrap) Connaissance du langage SQL Connaissance de développement des cycles : SDLC, Agile, Continuous delivery Connaissance des outils de CI/CD (Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes) Connaissance de Spring Boot, Django ou Flask Société Générale est l’un des tout premiers groupes européens de services financiers. Acteur important de l’économie depuis plus de 150 ans, Société Générale emploie plus de 138 000 collaborateurs dans 62 pays et accompagne au quotidien 29 millions de clients à travers le monde. La Société Générale a ouvert son premier bureau aux États-Unis en 1938 et au Canada en 1974 et compte désormais environ 2 500 professionnels travaillant dans 8 villes américaines, 3 villes au Canada et ainsi qu’en Amérique latine. Société Générale n’est pas qu’une institution financière, c’est un groupe qui place l’innovation et un impact financier positif et durable au cœur de sa culture. Le groupe Société Générale a fait du numérique un levier clé pour transformer la relation bancaire. L’édition 2019 des Trophées du eCAC40 classe Société Générale à la première place des banques ayant le mieux négocié le virage du numérique ! Nos groupes ressources employés tels que Fierté et Alliés, American Women Network, Black Leadership Network, One planet témoignent de l’implication de nos employés pour leur communauté. 
ScrapedJobID940:
This position is not remote Possesses a strong creative point of view and takes initiative to drive projects forward Ambitious in marketing Interested in learning about many industries Exhibits exceptional communication skills Collaborative, creative problem solver with an entrepreneurial spirit Constant curiosity and passion for design; keeps a finger on the pulse of the industry A degree in Graphic Design or an equivalent degree in a field of study related to the job Proven ability to produce high-quality creative work and an acute understanding of design, including typography and layout Strong time management skills Experience using illustrator, photoshop, and Canva Branding experience (icon development, logo development) Follow projects from concept to final approval ensuring the integrity of the creative concept is kept in focus throughout Execute top-quality design work in line with Brand Vision’s standards Use effective time management and organizational skills to maintain effective workflow and meet deadlines Design emails, social posts, site banners, print and ad materials Work effectively with outside suppliers such as photographers and printers when required Designing Websites and landing pages Creating Social Media posts (From researching, coming up with content and copywriting, to making the designs according to the correct branding and identity) Designing branding elements such as logos, posters, brochures, etc. Website mockups and wireframes Video editing using various different platforms and tools Wix / Squarespace Figma Canva WordPress Shopify Adobe Suite Video Editing TikTok Bonus pay Commission pay On-site parking 8 hour shift Monday to Friday No 
ScrapedJobID941:
Plan, design and implement of new and existing REST-based web services, associated websites and applications with JavaScript, Python and Django Develop core web services components and own the associated cloud infrastructure Work with the development manager and other stakeholders to define, scope and document requirements for new websites’ and web services’ features Communicate progress and resolve issues with the development manager and product management teams Work with the QA manager to schedule testing of new features before deployment Mentor team members as well as facilitate their own learning Three (3) or more years of professional software development experience with at least three years of Django, Flask, Rails, LAMP, MEAN or a similar web development stack, using Python, PHP or Perl Professional experience with JavaScript using Angular, Node.js or similar JS framework and tools Proven track record of delivering successful commercial software products to market Solid software architecture skills Practical knowledge of agile development methodology Strong understanding of object-oriented design and functional programming Strong knowledge of Python, SQL, HTML5, CSS Experience with PostgreSQL, Elasticsearch Experience with responsive web design Experience with Heroku and AWS Front end design skills Exposure to GIS (Geographic Information Systems) technology Exposure to native iOS and Android mobile app development Diploma in computer science or management-related disciplines Professional software development (excluding school): 3+ years Professional web application development: 3+ years Extended health care Dental care Vision care Life insurance AD&D insurance Long term disability insurance Health care spending account Remote interview process Virtual meetings All COVID-19 protocols are being followed in our in-person meetings 
ScrapedJobID942:
3+ years experience in web UI and front-end web engineering Experience working with multiple client-side frameworks such as React, Vue, Angular Experience with micro-frontend technology and/or building front end frameworks is a plus Experience with direct DOM manipulation and other advanced Javascript/HTML skills Experience with library development and publishing is a plus Experience with security best practices on the web Experience with JSON and REST APIs Experience with Node.js, NPM and server-side JavaScript Knows how to implement pixel perfect responsive design Experience with front-end build and testing tools such as webpack, roll-up, jest Experience working within an organizational code base in multiple environments across numerous ongoing release cycles Experience integrating front-end web/UI interface with back end application server technologies Strong communication, organization, and leadership skills required 
ScrapedJobID943:
ReactJS React-Native Familiarity with a design tool (Adobe, Figma, Gimp, etc.) HTML/CSS/JS (ideally have experience with Typescript) GraphQL or some other state management tool (Flow, MobX, Redux, etc.) Postgresql Version control (Git) RabbitMQ GoLang Docker Xcode Android studio Experience in Agile Scrum methodology The opportunity to work with some of the best minds in Medicine and AI to attack the most important problems facing our healthcare institutions The chance to see firsthand how your work will affect the outcomes of patients and healthcare providers A competitive salary ($48,530-$100,000) and benefits package A generous vacation policy A wellness stipend to assist with cost associated with fitness (i.e Apple Fitness)/gym memberships etc. A 40 hour work week with a flexible schedule and a remote first environment Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Flexible schedule Paid time off Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Are you legally permitted to work in Canada? ReactJS: 1 year (preferred) React Native: 1 year (preferred) HTML: 1 year (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID944:
Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday .NET: 3 years (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID945:
Casual dress Dental care Disability insurance Employee assistance program Extended health care Life insurance On-site parking Vision care 8 hour shift Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID946:
Multiple positions ranging from intermediate up to team lead level (based on skill, regardless of the amount of experience or education), opening up immediately and throughout the year. Additional positions for specialists (for example, Android programmers, front-end developers, etc). Tell us your strengths and we’ll go from there. Other Positions: We are also hiring for other positions (software tester, business analyst, project manager, graphic designer, and UX designer). You may apply for multiple positions separately. If you know someone in any of these areas, please do them a quick and friendly favour by letting them know about this posting. Office Location: The office location shown on mapping systems is not accurate for where this position will be because we are opening multiple new development locations in the greater Toronto, Vancouver, and Calgary areas. Full time and permanent. Fast moving in terms of variety of work and expectations. Flexible hours (for example: choose to start your day between 6am and 10am, work late some days and shorter on others). Gain valuable career experience in the newest highlevel technologies (C#, .NET 5, Xamarin, SignalR, Java, MVC7, WCF, web services, SOA). Gain experience with many advanced software engineering tools and techniques (code generation, object relational mappers, advanced .NET reflection, etc). Gain experience with both small and large projects, with involvement throughout the product life-cycle. Opportunities to be involved with higher level architecture and design. Mentoring from experienced software architects and some of the smartest peers in the country, on exciting projects that you can really sink your teeth into. A blend of programming methodologies (deliberately part way between agile, Kanban, and waterfall plus occasional extreme and pair programming methodologies). Does not involve a lot of boring technical support or fixing broken legacy applications. Most of the learning is through hands-on trying and doing and collaborating. Meetings and formal training are minimized. Rarely requires meeting with a client for those who prefer not to. Environment allows for some privacy at your workstation as well as time to concentrate without distractions when you need it. Exchange city program: swap cities with one of our developers in another city! Pleasant covers good portion of travel, no cost accommodation, and stay for a month or two without using up any vacation. Highly intelligent. Fast learner and enjoys learning. Passionate about making software and very good at it. Gets deeply involved with challenges and will persevere at length to achieve victory. Takes pride in work. A deep appreciation for reusable code and the benefits of object oriented design. No specific requirements for formal education or industry experience. We evaluate each applicant based on merit rather than formalities. Ability to see opportunities for improvement everywhere. Experience with .NET or mobile development. Pragmatic approach to balancing perfectionism with getting the job done. Friendly, non-threatening, and non-political environment. Mid-sized company but retaining the speed and flexibility of a smaller company. We are a great environment for both outgoing people and those who are very shy and introverted (applicable to non-client facing positions). We strive to have every employee sitting near a window for natural light and to have plenty of plants throughout the office; we care about employee health. Social events worth remembering (fencing competitions, curling, video game or board game parties, coding competitions, commando combat training, robotics club coming soon, etc). Unlimited access to pillage our kitchens for caffeine, sugar, healthy snacks, soups, and more : ) Additional perks that are cost-shared like motorized sit-stand desks. Task focused: everyone in the company heavily uses centralized to-do lists to stay organized, prioritize, and coordinate. Fast paced Headquarters and in the future satellite offices too: Free onsite massage therapy. Headquarters: Private nap rooms for isolated thinking time or for taking a nap if you didn’t sleep well last night. Consistent work/life balance: mandatory overtime is very rare. Pleasant Solutions is a dynamic company headquartered in Edmonton, a large satellite office in Toronto and Vancouver, and smaller but growing satellite offices across Canada (including in Calgary, Ottawa, etc). Silicon Valley kind of excitement and growth potential. Fast growth: One of the 200 fastest growing technology companies in North America with 955% growth over 5 years (based on growth rates in published rankings of the 2014 Profit 500 and 2013 Deloitte Technology Fast 500). Canadian Profit Guide ranked us #88 out of 500 for fast growth in Canada, announced in Sept 2015. Stable and well diversified. We also operate one of Canada's most advanced and largest capacity video marketing studios. The studio team has won multiple awards. Full of smart and passionate people whom you can learn from. Very low employee turn-over rate, attesting to the value of working here. As of 2021, we have begun to greatly focus on in-house product development than previous years where we formerly had a focus on consulting services. Currently, our lead focus is on Webifier, a tool that lets non-technical people build their own full-blown web applications using spreadsheets, and which is beginning explosive growth (see https://pleasantsolutions.com/webifier) as well as privacy products as seen under Paranoid.com. We still do some software development services, electronics manufacturing, marketing services, and IT services. Other in-house products include the high-security Pleasant Password Server. An innovative technology company with an aim of achieving results in creative ways. We develop high quality software you will take pride in. Our company name says it all. Socially conscious (for example, we pay for employees to sponsor hundreds of WorldVision children). Achieved zero layoffs throughout Covid. What do you have to lose by exploring the possibility? Applying does not take long and we keep your application confidential (never disclosed to existing employer). Apply online today at https://pleasantsolutions.com/careers/apply/developer Even if you don't have your resume updated or ready to go, apply anyway; we want to hear from you! Please do not apply via email, apply only by visiting the https://pleasantsolutions.com/careers/apply/developer site. Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID947:
Maintain, and monitor complex ETL activities Author XML configurations to prepare data sources for publishing Maintain servers and databases for ongoing projects Customization of reports as per project requirements Continuous improvement and development of Vista's AVEVA Net build Ensuring data integrity across the platform Troubleshoot and solve application challenges to ensure project integrity Produce workflows and procedures Develop detailed project work instructions for users Training the project team on using applications> Keep abreast of technological and software developments affecting the application Bachelor's degree in a related field (management information systems, computer science, etc.) or equivalent experience Strong working experience in Visual Studio, including .NET programming in Visual Basic or C# Strong working experience in MS SQL databases Experience with Oracle and other databases Knowledge of relational database management Experience with SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), and SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) Understanding of ETL, data warehousing, and reporting architecture Experience configuring and maintaining Windows 2016+ Servers and IIS Ability to effectively communicate (written and verbal) Team player, positive attitude, always willing to accept new challenges Individuals with previous AVEVA Net development/administration experience Experience with web languages (html5/CSS, JavaScript) and scripting (PowerShell, command-line interface, Python) Processing JSON and XML files supplied by cloud-based services Experience developing and implementing new applications Knowledge of engineering data A stimulating, fast-paced and challenging work environment where you will contribute to the interesting industrial engineering projects; A robust and consistent recruitment process that ensures your colleagues are likeminded and comparably capable; An opportunity to be a part of an entrepreneurial, technically skilled team which has established leadership in innovative engineering solutions; A strong value-based philosophy that provides an informal, close-knit team environment, where you and your family feel like a part of our organization, and not just an employee number; Competitive compensation and benefits, including a performance-linked variable pay program; Company-sponsored social events and team sports; Flexible work schedules, half-day Fridays and free parking; An organization that values and encourages diversity; Shareholder opportunities are a long-term potential for exceptional employees. 
ScrapedJobID948:
Be proficient with tools like but not limited to Sketch, Zeplin, VSCode, LucidChart, GIT, Jira, Parcel, Webpack, Gulp, Rollup, Lerna, Kubernetes and Docker. Be proficient languages like but not limited to TypeScript, JavaScript, NodeJS, React, Svelte, SASS, POSTCSS, and YAML Be able to work during core company hours which are from 8:00am-4:30pm from Monday to Friday each week totalling a minimum of 40 hours per week. Be prepared for and actively participate in company-wide weekly and daily operations standup meetings as well as daily software standup meetings. Manage your schedule to ensure that client needs are taken care of and that all requests are responded to in a timely manner Keep team members, managers and peers informed of daily tasks completion status using the company approved communication platform and project management platform Ensure that team members, managers and peers are informed ahead of time if a task or project can not be completed on time or as assigned for any reason Proactively ensure that your superiors are informed at your earliest availability if any of your roles, responsibilities, tasks or duties can not be completed as assigned and what you will do in order address the shortcoming in a manner that does not negatively impact company operations or client satisfaction Develop high quality applications that are highly scalable and extensible Write and maintain high quality, tested, and well-documented code Support the selection, development, and implementation of core technologies across a variety of projects (front-end and back-end) Contribute clear and maintainable code to a shared codebase Investigate, learn and apply new technologies and processes Clarify requirements with team and client representatives Develop applications from initial concept to finished deliverable. Implement new features, enhancements, and content of existing software applications. Create and update re-usable code libraries to streamline our software development cycle. Facilitate client training, site documentation and maintenance Support the hiring and training of new development staff. Proactively coordinate with clients and internal team members in order to support the execution of your assigned tasks. Maintain detailed timesheets for all projects as per company policy Participate in company planning and coordination meetings. Develop processes, standards and methods that improve the efficiency of the day to day operations of the company. Support website integrations using API’s Support the setup and integration of data analytics and tracking systems included but not limited to Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Facebook Pixel, etc. Yes 
ScrapedJobID949:
Building scalable infrastructure and automated data pipelines Learn, develop and contribute towards MLops best practices Design and develop real-time and batch processing data pipelines. Identifying and reducing technical debt by contributing solutions Assist with scoping out requirements of overall infrastructure design in coordination with Machine Learning and Data Engineering teams. Designing architectural improvements to an event-driven microservice architecture Performing code reviews and providing constructive feedback for other team members Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent 3+ years of software/data engineering industry experience Demonstrated experience in Micro-service Architecture, Data Integration Design, Data Streaming (AWS Kinesis, Lambda. Apache Kafka), In-memory & distributed caching and Data Architecture Proficient in writing streaming applications and integration services Strong understanding of data storage principles, data formats (Avro, Parquet, Delta) and writing ETLs for batch pipelines (Spark, Airflow etc.) Strong suite of skills in software development with focus on code refactoring, design patterns, design-driven development Knowledge of best practices in data engineering and MLops Knowledge/Experience in functional programming is an asset High growth expectations for yourself Legally authorized to work 40 hours/week in Canada Effective communication skills Previous experience working with machine learning teams Knowledge/experience in designing high performances engineering systems Demonstrate drive for self-development and continuous learning Previous experience building cloud first engineering systems (AWS, GCP) Experience with basic Python libraries such as Numpy, Pandas, Boto3, NLTK, CoreNLP, spaCy, etc. Experience with REST APIs (using and building) You’ve gotten your hands dirty with one or more Apache open source tools like Airflow, Solr, Spark, Lucene, Tika, Kafka, Iceberg etc. Experience with Information Retrieval, ElasticSearch, Relational Databases, NoSQL Databases. A cool engineering project, prototype or web application you worked on. We’d love to see a demo of a cool engineering project you worked on! Previous experience or desire to work for a high performance startup. Competitive Stock Options Competitive Pay Unlimited vacation days 16" MacBook Pro dedicated for work Additional winter holidays (Dec 25 - Jan 1) Flexible work hours and location. We’re cool with remote work! In-person office workspace can be made available in Toronto (if required), in accordance with City of Toronto Public Health guidelines. 1 day, every alternate week, dedicated to projects you’d like to innovate on within the context of the work the company is doing Growing in to more senior roles, starting with hiring and training a co-op for your team and/or the project your team is leading No red tape, no unnecessary processes, accelerated learning and growth. Health benefits Work for a cool AI startup and make an impact. We are building something legit and impactful, not just another app. Casual dress Flexible schedule Work from home Monday to Friday software/data engineering industry: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID950:
Several years of hands-on professional experience in a web development or infrastructure position Knowledge of our tech stack or similar technologies (TypeScript, React, Node, Terraform, AWS Lambda and React Native) Ability to autonomously scope and solve difficult technical challenges while writing high-quality code Drive to both learn from and mentor others Experience at a fast-growing organization or a startup is a plus Passionate and happy :) Excellent communication skills Equity - be a part of the journey! A chance to work with amazing people and modern technology A full day of technical onboarding with our CTO and Co-founder Craig 15 days paid holiday per year Private Medical Insurance 
ScrapedJobID951:
Meet with other members including eCommerce, IT and internal and external business partners to discuss website design and function Design and build the website front-end to design specs and proposing the website architecture Advise where necessary on the website back-end including database and integrations Conduct website performance tests, site audits for business presentation and performing website updates on a regularly scheduled cadence Website and software application designing, building, or maintaining Identify tech requirements and integrate solutions across multiple platforms including, ERP, CRM, email, order and inventory management, store locators, payment gateways, loyalty, subscription management and more Advise team members who produce content and assisting in implementing it where necessary Back up files from Web sites to local directories for recovery Identify problems uncovered by customer feedback and testing Translate design mock-ups into live responsive websites Extrapolate from design mock-ups and apply design language to other site elements Maintain clean, commented code Train other development teams on implementation of your code Write clean, fast code that is free of bloat and unnecessary overhead 5+ years’ experience developing interactive web applications. Candidates who have mobile application development experience will also be considered Experience working in Agile environment Work well in team environments and be able to collaborate on complex projects Strong skills in design tools like Figma and Adobe Creative Suite Strong proficiency with HTML5, CSS3, and CSS frameworks like PostCSS and TailwindCSS Strong proficiency in client-side JavaScript, especially VueJS framework Proficiency in build tools like Webpack or Gulp Understanding of Progressive Web Applications, web sockets, service workers and advanced browser API’s such as the Cache or offline storage API’s is considered an asset Understanding of the Shopify Liquid Template format is considered an asset Understanding consuming of RESTful and GraphQL APIs is considered an asset Understanding microservice architecture and cloud services is considered an asset Understanding of the Shopify API is considered an asset Knowledge of other design standards, such as Google Material Design, or other systemic design standards is considered an asset Understanding of the Google Analytics JavaScript API is considered an asset Base salary $ 100,000-140,000K Bonus plan based on personal & company performance Extended Health & Dental Plan Company pension plan Professional dues & development Bonus pay Company pension Dental care Extended health care 
ScrapedJobID952:
8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID953:
Build tools and technology for the unique problems of inventory management, logistics, and order fulfillment Create new and innovative systems alongside streamlining and optimizing current processes Experience working in the latest technology, a ubiquitous culture based upon data, and a team of dedicated team members ready to collaborate Build software tools for better reporting and telemetry on our warehouse processes Build tools that support our operations and logistics teams to efficiently sort, pick, pack, and ship orders Contribute to solutions that aid in the tracking and retrieval of hundreds of thousands of consigned items across multiple warehouses 5+ Years experience in a Software Engineering role Strong understanding of building production-ready web applications and systems Fluency with any of Ruby, Elixir, Erlang Strong understanding of web-app performance fundamentals and related dev tools Mastery of git and Github workflows Bachelor of Computer Science degree or equivalent experience Experience building Operations and Logistics applications Strong understanding of web technologies: HTML5, Javascript, CSS/SASS, REST, JSON Experience with GraphQL Experience with Kafka Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID954:
Work with talented and dedicated co-workers Highly competitive compensation Designs and creates software with a focus on iterative, continuous development, where requirements and solutions evolve through collaboration between cross-functional teams Areas of specialization may include front-end and full stack development Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent combination of training and experience Minimum 5 years’ experience as a Front-end Developer Knowledge of full stack development practices, including each of the following: Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment/Delivery practices Container Platforms (Docker, OpenShift, Kubernetes, AWS, Azure) Git branching models (gitflow, github flow) Experience developing/coding with the following: JavaScript JavaScript framework (Vue/Vuetify and/or React/Bootstrap) plus test framework OAuth/OIDC WebSocket Preference will be given for experience developing/coding with any of the following: 
ScrapedJobID955:
Design et optimisation UX du site web Design et création de landing page de campagne Créer les visuels pour nos comptes de médias sociaux (LinkedIn et Facebook) Créer et mettre en page nos différents contenus (guides, livres blancs) Créer les visuels pour nos insertions et bannières publicitaires, ainsi que tout le matériel promotionnel pour les événements Création de template de présentation et matériel de vente Veiller au contrôle de la qualité des biens livrables Capacité de création et d’innovation Curiosité et à l’affût des dernières tendances Rigueur Sens du détail Autonomie Formation en infographie, design graphique ou arts graphiques Minimum de 3 années d’expérience pertinente Maîtrise des logiciels de design graphique Capable de transposer l'information en concept graphique efficace Maitrise des meilleurs pratiques en UX web Détenir un BAC en Marketing ou en Communication Détenir de fortes capacités de communications et de relations interpersonnelles Détenir une expérience similaire (2 ans et plus) Excellentes capacités des langues (françaises et anglais obligatoires, autres langues seraient un atout) Détenir une expérience et un intérêt dans le domaine du logiciel et des nouvelles technologies Détenir une grande connaissance des logiciels utilisés dans le domaine graphique et MultiMedia (Adobe Première, Indesign, Photoshop, Illustrator) Maitriser de Wordpress Détenir une connaissance de la suite Zoho CRM ou équivalent (un atout) Posséder d’excellentes connaissances de la suite Office Avoir une motivation personnelle et excellente éthique professionnelle Détenir une personnalité ambitieuse et enthousiaste Détenir un haut niveau d’autonomie Un poste permanent à temps plein Une reconnaissance de vos bons coups, prime de rendement Ensemble complet d’avantages sociaux après 3 mois Flexibilité d’horaire au besoin (la conciliation travail-famille est primordiale pour nous) Une possibilité de travailler à distance Journées de maladie rémunérées Possibilité d’adopter l’horaire d’été et de terminer son quart de travail à midi le vendredi Thé et café inclus Collation et fruits offerts Formation continue Vacances dans la période des fêtes (nous sommes fermés pour profiter de cette période) 
ScrapedJobID956:
Take ownership of the design, implementation, testing, and deployment of web-application features and fixes, with support from senior team members. Regularly communicate with stakeholders and identify features and fixes to implement. 2+ years' experience with JavaScript/TypeScript, and thick client web application development. Comfortable with HTML, CSS, JSON and other common web technologies. 
ScrapedJobID957:
Working with stakeholders to understand and define customer requirements and project KPIs Designing and implementing product features in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Svelte Helping to improve and maintain the Smart Access product and systems infrastructure Collaborating with Data Science and other engineers across the entire stack Delivering everything from tiny front-end UX improvements to broad infrastructure changes spanning multiple codebases Debugging and identifying front-end or API related issues Coordinating and communicating within the team, and with customers Researching and integrating new technologies to drive our development process forward Striving for continuous improvement Periodic progress reporting to Management and the customer A minimum 3 yrs. of professional experience as a JavaScript Developer, 5 yrs. experience preferred JavaScript experience - Advanced JS,Svelte, ES6, Webpack, Rollup Experience building custom web applications Solid understanding of web technologies, including HTTP, RESTful services Familiar with basic data structure and algorithms, as well as databases and SQL Ability to discover the true requirements, underlying feature requests, and recommend alternative technical and business approaches Experience with developing and executing Unit, Integration, and End to End tests Excellent troubleshooting skills Awareness of Agile principles Strong written, oral, interpersonal and presentation skills Ability to multitask 
ScrapedJobID958:
Nearly all solutions we deliver consist of a .NET (C#) back-end, and a React/TypeScript front-end UI. In order to deliver a UI with which users can quickly explore and act on information, highly performant back-end services are essential. As a Full Stack Developer at Interface 48, you will apply various software patterns to implement robust and scalable back-end systems that are as simple as possible, but no simpler. Ideally, you will also have experience implementing distributed back-end systems using an actor model. You will also use modern web technologies to implement web-based, front-end UIs that integrate with back-end systems in the most effective way possible. You will have general knowledge of key software concepts such as: authentication, authorization, caching, and client-side state management. You will pay particular attention to domain design in order to ensure business logic is optimally encapsulated, thereby facilitating the implementation of query and command handlers. You will exercise sound judgement when designing front-end features to ensure a high-calibre UX, and have a keen eye for the details that matter most. You take pride in writing code that is clean, clear and concise - the type of code you'd want to come back to in a year's time when functionality is extended. You are capable of solving problems on your own, but also enjoy collaborating with others to find innovative solutions to unique problems. At least two years of professional experience with Full Stack .NET/React web application design & development. Strong communication skills, both verbal and written. Organized self-starter that can go it alone, and works well in a team. Excellent critical thinking and problem-solving abilities. Versatile, flexible and responsive to changing priorities. Innate curiosity for new software technologies and how they can be applied to your work. Business Analysis, specifically in terms of Requirements Gathering. Document requirements in the form of User Stories. Describe proposed UI designs as low-fidelity mock-ups. Possess a knack for consistent and intuitive UX design. Develop back-end software systems by applying DDD together with CQRS and Mediator patterns, using .NET (C#). Use DI built into the .NET Framework, or third-party DI solutions such as Autofac when more control required. Use ORM libraries including EF Core and Dapper to interface with relational databases, most notably, Microsoft SQL Server. Ability to read and write raw SQL queries/commands. Implement Worker Services (e.g. Windows Services) in which to host long-running back-end services. Integrate cloud computing services and other third-party external APIs. Experience with NuGet package management, and basic PowerShell scripting. Develop web applications using React. JavaScript proficiency, including knowledge of modern features such as the spread operator, rest parameters, Promises and async/await functions. TypeScript to ensure codebase type safety. Integrate REST- and RPC-based HTTP APIs within JavaScript applications. Apply Flux architecture, and specifically Redux for client-side state management. CSS3 and JSS for styling components. Competent with build tooling that involves NPM/Yarn and Node.js. Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or similar. Interview individuals to assess their needs, and help lead workshops to gather requirements. Write Options Evaluation and other Technical Reports. Develop User Acceptance Tests that help ensure application requirements are met. Manage development tasks using Azure DevOps. Experience with VS Code and Visual Studio. Familiar with Jenkins CI/CD Pipelines. Knowledge of Akka.NET and how it may be used to develop a distributed software system based on an actor model. Knowledge of Material Design and associated design patterns. Sound like a good fit? If you found yourself nodding your head while reading through the above, please send through a Resume with Cover Letter via Isarta with "Re: Full Stack .NET/React Developer Opening" in the subject line. 
ScrapedJobID959:
A Bachelor's degree or equivalent diploma or certification 4+ years experience in a software development or user design role Experience with Angular, React or similar framework/library Commitment to user interface design principles Passion for delivering sustainable, high quality solutions Critical thinking, a drive to learn and a collaborative and enthusiastic personality Familiarity with accessibility standards would be beneficial Familiarity with mobile development would be beneficial Applying the latest interface design trends and technologies to Camis web applications Developing highly usable, visually pleasing user interfaces Active participation on a fast moving, agile software development team Engineer technical solutions that do not compromise any characteristic of software quality Provide input to the implementation strategy of various initiatives Actively participate in code review and estimation activities CSS / SASS / LESS Javascript / Typescript Angular React / React Native GraphQL Webpack Jest TestCafe C# Up to 9% RRSP matching Remote work flexibility Active Living subsidy Camping subsidy Medical and Dental group coverage Professional Development The health and safety of our employees and clients is a top priority for Camis. Due to the circumstances surrounding COVID-19, this hire will start off working remotely and will allow onsite work upon request. Face mask must be worn and physical distancing must be adhered to while working in office. All interviews will also be conducted remotely for the time being. 
ScrapedJobID960:
3+ years of web-based product management experience; 3+ years developing with Node.js or similar web based languages; 3+ years working in a containerized environment employing CI/CD principals; Strong knowledge of developing with Kubernetes (K8s) or related systems is a must; University degree in a related or technically oriented discipline is an asset; Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work in a team environment; Exceptional analytical skills to support data-driven decision-making. Understand and interpret data to develop hypotheses, define experiments to prove (or disprove) them and carry them through to their conclusion; Identify, size and prioritize opportunities according to highest-impact potential, making recommendations relating to key projects to engage and retain our customers; Use techniques around customer discovery and validation to determine what should be built; Articulate, track, analyze and communicate the business goals for products and projects; Effectively translate business needs into technical requirements; Optimize existing products that will deliver incremental gain for our business; Collaborate with the development and marketing teams to evaluate technical options; Participate in backlog grooming, sprint planning and daily stand-ups; Drive release planning activities; Lead acceptance testing; Develop mechanisms to evaluate results of completed projects and recommend future improvements; Manage 3rd party platform requirements, development, and partner relations as required to support internal stakeholder objectives. Comprendre et interpréter l’information afin de développer des hypothèses, définir des expériences pour prouver ou infirmer ces dernières et les mener à terme ; Déterminer, prioriser et évaluer les opportunités présentant le potentiel le plus élevé, puis faire des recommandations en relation avec des projets clés afin de fidéliser et conserver notre clientèle ; Mettre en oeuvre des techniques de développement de la clientèle, de la découverte à la validation, dans le but d’améliorer l’expérience client et de formuler des recommandations ; Coordonner, suivre, analyser et communiquer les objectifs d’affaires pour les produits et les projets ; Transposer de manière efficace les besoins commerciaux en exigences techniques ; Optimiser les produits existants qui représentent un gain différentiel pour l’entreprise ; Collaborer avec l’équipe de développement et de marketing pour évaluer les options techniques ; Participer au traitement du backlog et à la planification des sprints et stand ups quotidiens ; Diriger les activités en matière de planification de release ; Mener les tests d’acceptation ; Mettre en place des KPI pour évaluer les résultats de la performance des projets complétés et recommander de futures améliorations ; Gérer les exigences, le développement et les relations de partenariat d’une plateforme tierce, tel que nécessaire pour supporter les objectifs internes des intervenants. Plus de 3 ans d’expérience en gestion de produit Web ; Diplôme universitaire dans une discipline connexe ou à orientation technique ; Le bilinguisme anglais et français, tant à l’oral qu’à l’écrit, est un atout ; Fortes compétences relationnelles et en travail d’équipe ; Aptitudes analytiques exceptionnelles, visant la prise de décisions basées sur l’interprétation de données. Facilité à manipuler et présenter des données ; Gérer des projets transversaux complexes en vue d’obtenir des résultats commerciaux ; Grand souci de l’expérience client ; Expérience en design d’interfaces simples et intuitives sur de multiples appareils ; Excellentes capacités organisationnelles et de gestion de temps ; Bonnes connaissances technologiques permettant une communication productive avec l’équipe de développement ; Faire preuve de leadership auprès des différentes équipes de travail sans toutefois être leur gestionnaire; Grandes compétences cognitives et capacité d’aborder chaque situation différemment ; Proactivité et capacité à transmettre l’urgence et l’importance de mener à terme certains projets; Faire face et surmonter les obstacles de façon créative ; Connaissances en design centré sur l’utilisateur, avec une bonne compréhension de l’esthétique et de la fonctionnalité d’un produit bien conçu ; Attention particulière aux détails, permettant d’examiner une situation donnée plus en profondeur ; Expérience concrète de gestion d’équipes agiles dans leur coopération. Bonus pay Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday Node.js: 3 years (preferred) Canadian Work Permit (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID961:
Expérience avérée dans la conception, le développement, la mise en œuvre et la maintenance des processus de transformation des données et de l'interface utilisateur en Java, Angular et Spark sur Microsoft Azure Connaissance approfondie / expérience de l'analyse d'applications événementielles volumineuses et multithread Vaste expérience du contrôle de version et de la livraison continue Connaissance approfondie/expérience de la technologie Big Data et du cloud public Microsoft Azure Compétences techniques: Plus de 8 ans d'expérience dans le développement d'applications multithread basées sur Java Expérience de l'utilisation de Java 8, Spring Boot, Spark, Spring Framework et Microservices 2+ ans d'expérience de travail avec Spark, Hadoop 2+ ans d'expérience de travail avec Microsoft Azure HDInsight, AKS Expérience pratique en SQL et No-SQL (de préférence Oracle, Postgres) Expérience avec divers outils de développement Web Java, Angular 7, XML, JSON et HTML5. Vaste expérience dans la création d'un pipeline de livraison continue avec GIT, Maven, Jenkins, Nexus, Sonar, Checkmarx et XL-Deploy Vaste expérience dans l'écriture de scripts Unix/Linux Shell * Bonne connaissance de Perl et Python * Bonne connaissance et expérience avec le serveur Tomcat Bonne connaissance et expérience de la transmission de fichiers et du réseau (DNS, TCP/IP) Solides compétences en dépannage * Expérience et capacité à travailler avec un environnement Agile et à faire avancer les projets au sein d'une équipe Doit être organisé, soucieux du détail, motivé, discipliné, professionnel et avoir l'esprit d'équipe pour plusieurs tâches à la fois, dans un environnement au rythme rapide répondant à de multiples demandes Autogestion dans un environnement de développement rapide. Connaissance approfondie du cycle de vie du développement logiciel et des pratiques acceptées. Aptitudes à la réflexion stratégique et analytique avec une capacité à résoudre des problèmes et à prendre des décisions. Compréhension du secteur des services financiers et des produits associés Expérience dans les frameworks open source Expérience de travail sur des applications de données en streaming (par exemple, Kafka, Flink ou Spark Steaming) Utilise une expertise dans les techniques et les outils appropriés pour concevoir, développer et maintenir des logiciels d'application efficaces, sous la responsabilité du responsable technique. Participe à l'élaboration et à la mise en œuvre de normes liées aux activités de développement d'applications, de sécurité et de soutien du système. Effectue des examens formels et informels des processus et des produits de développement de logiciels pour s'assurer de la qualité et du respect des normes. Établit et maintient des procédures de contrôle pour le contrôle de version. Surveille et suit les problèmes et problèmes liés à la qualité jusqu'à leur résolution. État d'esprit de résolution de problèmes. Créativité (sortir des sentiers battus). Intégrité. Intérêt pour la fintech. Principales technologies: Java, Angular, Cloud Azure, technologies de base de données. Venez de n'importe quel secteur pour apporter différentes idées pour résoudre des problèmes commerciaux. Capacité à collaborer et à travailler en équipe cohésive pour créer quelque chose d'extraordinaire! Forfait compétitif pour les employés et les pigistes Aide au développement professionnel (certification) Mobilité internationale dans plus de 25 pays Des tonnes d'activités d'entreprise Proven experience in designing, developing, implementing, and maintaining data transformation processes and UI in Java, Angular and Spark on Microsoft Azure Extensive knowledge of /experience with analyzing large and multithread event driven applications Extensive experience with version control and continuous delivery Extensive knowledge of /experience with Big Data technology and public cloud Microsoft Azure 8+ years of experience in developing Java-based multithreaded applications Experience using Java 8, Spring Boot, Spark, Spring framework, and Microservices 2+ years of experience working with Spark, Hadoop 2+ years of experience working with Microsoft Azure HDInsight, AKS Hands-on experience in SQL and No-SQL (preferably Oracle, Postgres) Experienced with various Java Web development tools, Angular 7, XML, JSON and HTML5. Extensive experience in building a Continuous Delivery pipeline with GIT, Maven, Jenkins, Nexus, Sonar, Checkmarx, and XL-Deploy Extensive experience in writing Unix/Linux Shell scripts Good knowledge with Perl and Python Good knowledge and experience with Tomcat server Good knowledge and experience with file transmission and network (DNS, TCP/IP) Strong troubleshooting skills Experience and able to work with Agile environment and drive projects forward within team setting Must be organized, detail-oriented, self-motivated, disciplined, professional, and a team player to multiple tasks at one time, in a fast pace environment handling multiple demands Self-managing in a fast-paced development environment. Extensive knowledge of software development life cycle and accepted practices. Strategic and analytical thinking skills with an ability to solve problems and make decisions. Understanding of financial services industry and associated products Experience in open source frameworks Experience working on streaming data applications (e.g., Kafka, Flink or Spark Steaming) Uses expertise in appropriatetechniques and tools to design, develop and maintain effective application software, reporting to technical lead. Participates to the development and implementation of standards related to the application development, security and system support activities. Performs formal and informal reviews of software development processes and products to ascertain quality and adherence to standards. Establishes and maintains control procedures for version control. Monitors and tracks quality related issues and problems through to resolution. Competitive package for both employees and freelancers Professional development assistance (certification) International mobility in more than 25 countries Tons of corporate activities Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Congés de Vacances et Compensatoires Événements d'Entreprise Pension de Retraite REER Collectif Travail à Distance 8 Heures Du Lundi au Vendredi 
ScrapedJobID962:
In depth understanding of programming methodologies and other development methodologies 3+ years’ experience in designing and developing applications using OOP/OOD with C#/.NET 3+ years’ experience with Angular and TypeScript 2+ years’ experience with HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript Minimum 2 years of business experience with MS/SQL database development including stored procedures, error handling with C#, functions, database design and relational database concepts Experience in web development stack Knowledge of .NET 4.0/4.5/4.5.1 Platforms, Visual Studio Experience with Entity framework Experience with design and implementation of n-tier systems, reusable libraries and development frameworks Experience with third-party API connections Bachelor’s degree in computer science or closely related field or equivalent work experience Excellent communication and facilitation skills. Excellent analytical, problem solving and decision making skills. Proven technical leadership skills, must be a team player with strong collaboration skills. Proven experience working in a cross-functional team of technical and non-technical personnel Excellent time-management skills, ability to prioritize and handle multiple tasks Experience with agile methodologies, test driven development Experience with developing software for devices or instruments Flexible schedule On-site parking 8 hour shift Monday to Friday .NET Core: 3 years (preferred) C#: 3 years (preferred) Angular: 3 years (preferred) Microsoft SQL Server: 2 years (preferred) HTML5, CSS: 2 years (preferred) Entity Framework: 1 year (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID963:
Deliver world-class software in tight iterations with a cutting edge team to drive the business forward; Execute a disciplined agile methodology and process; Demonstrate consistent engineering standards and practices adopted by the team; Help shape the initial engineering culture of the company; Have a voice in early technology and implementation choices; Work to evaluate and integrate critical third-party software and infrastructure; Support the engineering activities of our web application; and Develop new, client-facing features and productionizing them 5+ years of post graduation experience working with first-class engineering teams with a proven track record of consistent and frequent delivery of quality software; Have substantial experience with modern front-end frameworks (React, Redux, Next.js); Have strong programming fundamentals (data structures and algorithms); Have hands-on knowledge developing applications for the cloud (preferably GCP); Have a proven history of delivering increasingly complex, highly available and scalable distributed systems; Be proficient in analytical and problem-solving abilities; Be passionate about creating high quality product that promote the business; Be able to work independently with little oversight or management in a fast-paced, dynamic environment with high-energy and mission-driven colleagues; Is a great team player; and Has a curious and collaborative mentality. In-depth experience working with modern frontend and backend technologies Impact the early stages of a startup Mentorship from an experienced and well-rounded team Equity options How many years of experience do you have with modern front-end frameworks (React, Redux, Next.js)? full stack engineering (post graduation): 5 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID964:
Plan and develop technological solutions in an autonomous fashion in respect of given specifications and UX/UI design. Perform testing on new software development to ensure a successful publication in production, write documentation as appropriate. Provide technical support and perform debugging given his current skillset and his understanding of the global architecture. Perform performance automated testing on applications and analyse the results. Provide support to teammates. Propose improvements to ensure the constant evolution of systems and software to fulfill business and user requirements. University or college diploma in a relevant skillset domain 5 to 10 years of experience in a similar position (mobile or front-end software development) Excellent understanding of Web technologies (HTML, JS, CSS, LESS, Bootstrap, etc…) Good knowledge of presentation technologies for Mobile and Web (one or more of these: React, React-native, Flutter, Titanium, Javascript, Typescript, etc…) Good understanding of mobile operating system (iOS/Android) Good understanding of REST APIs and Web APIs Some proficiency in visual design (UX/UI) an asset Proficiency in Google’s Flutter an important asset Proficiency with Appcelerator’s Titanium an important asset Knowledge of .Net technologies an asset (ASP Classique, VB.Net, ASP.Net, et ASP.Net Core) Knowledge of T-SQL, capacity to perform schema modelling and ability to optimize the performance of a database an asset Knowledge of cloud technologies (Azure, AWS, Google) an asset Permanent position Full time 37,5h/week Flexible work schedule, regular telework Benefits: group insurance program with employer contributions (health, dental and optical), discounts on our Communauto offers and on the public transport subscription Equipment provided: Desktop computer with two monitors Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Life insurance Vision care 8 hour shift Yes 
ScrapedJobID965:
Create features using modern JavaScript frameworks like NodeJS Keep up-to-date with best practices and tooling from the JavaScript community Openly collaborate with your team to solve problems and learn from failures Mentor others and help lead estimation efforts on your team Fix it! Ship it! Own it! In-depth knowledge of modern JavaScript 5+ Years of experience developing production web applications using modern JavaScript frameworks like Express Thorough understanding of SQL databases and exposure to optimization techniques Experience with NoSQL database paradigms Deep understanding of RESTful API consumption, HTTP protocols and OOP Exposure to Docker, AWS, CI/CD and instrumentation tooling Experience working on teams in an agile-scrum environment Ability to clearly communicate, help lead technical decision making, mentor less experienced developers and estimate delivery effectively 
ScrapedJobID966:
A BCIC New Ventures Competition Winner Plug and Play Startup Showdown Winner BCIP Innovation Challenge Award Winner Coast Capital Savings Venture Prize Winner A Ready To Rocket Winner 2018 & 2019 Winner of ISIC Disease Classification AI Competition 2018 Member of Canada’s Digital Technology Supercluster Winner of ITAC Ingenious of the Year Awards, 2019 3+ years of experience in creating interactive web applications 2+ years of React experience Ability to design and implement slick and minimalistic dynamic web UIs using JavaScript, TypeScript, React, AJAX, HTML5, and CSS3 Proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them Ability to develop UIs that provide a consistent experience across all web browsers and operating systems Can efficiently work in a collaborative coding environment Software Design Patterns with the ability to apply patterns to business problems Bachelor’s degree in computer science or a related field, or equivalent work experience Competitive candidates will have experience in some of the following: Webpack, Python/Django, Jest, React Testing Library, Node.js, RESTful APIs, MySQL, and SocketIO Implement features on the Frontend side for our web applications Design well thought, clear, and polished UI, providing an engaging and delightful user experience Develop UI components for web-based application Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability Always use best practices in your code Think creatively and work outside the box - we love new ideas 
ScrapedJobID967:
Contribute as a member of a multi-disciplinary self-organizing Scrum team, including helping estimate work, performing code reviews, testing, problem-solving, and retrospecting to continually improve our effectiveness Build general, tested code, and refactor as you go. You can plan quickly and test quickly - you know the plan will change Own the components that you are building from initial design and architecture all the way to end where it will be put into production adding value to our customers Communicate and work efficiently with technical leads, software architects, cloud operations, and product owners to set expectations and identify risks and opportunities for the business. Minimum 5+ years demonstrated web development experience working in a Frontend, Backend, or Full Stack role Experience with HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript; with a focus on React and Redux is considered an asset Experience with Python, RESTful API design, Azure, Docker, and Kubernetes is considered an asset Experience with 2D/3D Graphics or Visualization (e.g., WebGL, three.js, D3) is considered an asset Experience interacting with a multidisciplinary team Confident oral and written communication skills in English Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to develop and build sustainable working relationships Team-oriented attitude and good conflict management skills Ability to manage your own workload effectively and to work efficiently alongside team members Balanced and informed approach to problem solving Tenacity, persistence and focus with the ability to prioritize between multiple tasks Ability to work in a quickly growing, fast paced, and constantly changing environment No direct reports, but you will frequently be expected to work with developers, designers, marketing, and business leaders Seequent has committed to providing a well-supported and professional office environment A requirement of this role is to have and maintain a significant knowledge, competence, and capability in web development. In addition, you may have opportunities to expand your knowledge in related fields. You will be working with experts in 2D, 3D and 4D visualization and data science as well as database and interface designers. We will invest in providing you with training at various levels, which may include attending conferences and courses. You will also have regular opportunities to develop new skills, and you are encouraged to do so within the time constraints of your role. You are expected to be an expert at self-learning, and to balance this with more specific responsibilities and short-term goals. This role is fully remote during the COVID-19 pandemic and afterwards will be based in Calgary with flexibility to work from home. Our culture places a strong value on keeping a healthy work-life balance. We want you to enjoy life outside of work so that you can enjoy life at work. 
ScrapedJobID968:
The Programmer Analyst Advisory is a senior position on the Small Business Banking Technology team responsible for ideation support, design, development, and implementation of software to ensure continuous improvement and evolution in the Small Business Banking Technology ecosystem. Partner with both the client and the business team to develop high quality deliverables across all phases of a project, from participating in the requirements, design and build phases; delivering high-quality deliverables, through to user acceptance testing. Leverage your industry expertise to consult and influence the client's direction, in the pursuit of Full Stack Development best practices. Demonstrate your commitment to and enthusiasm for customer success by ensuring that the delivered product is fully-functioning, performs to business requirements defined and approved by the client, and meets or exceeds expectations. Mentor and train client business stakeholders in key Full Stack Development technology. Provide technical training and user support to technical and business groups. You have experience with REST API design You have experience working with authenticated, customer focused applications You have worked on productionizing Java Spring boot application You have a deep knowledge of HTML/JS / CSS / SASS (BEM, OOCSS, SMACSS, CSS3 Animations, Semantic HTML). experience with at least one modern JS framework, preferably React You’ve used modern JS toolsets (ES6+, Webpack, Babel, Jest, Protractor) You’ve built accessible and internationalized eb applications before (JAWS, Voiceover, Transifex). You stay up to date with industry best practice Cloud Foundry (PCF) or other applicable cloud services In depth knowledge of programming languages, frameworks, utilities, and other technologies used by the team Excellent communication skills with ability to influence decision making across stakeholders Excellent communication skills with ability to influence decision making across stakeholders Demonstrated ability to lead team members with differing opinions and levels of experience Project management skills to map and execute short and long term plans for the team Effective organization, planning, and time management skills Working knowledge of SQL Database We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does We offer a competitive total rewards package that includes a base salary, a performance bonus, company matching programs (on pension & profit sharing), generous vacation, personal & sick days, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID969:
Mainly Java applications built with SpringBoot and SPA built with Vue.JS, but each team is responsible for choosing the suitable technology. We are big customers of AWS, we use a lot of their services : AppMesh, ECS, EC2, RDS, DynamoDB, CloudFormation, Forecast, Personalize... Our ecosystem communicates through events propagation using Kafka, CDC and gRPC. We have about 20 applications and services and it’s growing. We are creating empowered Product teams where each team has a clear Problem they are solving. Each team does continuous delivery toward solving their problem only. Our approach is pragmatic and hypothesis based Quality is not negotiable. We can trade time and scope on projects but we believe in delivering applications that do not require support in production. 5+ years of professional experience in software development Bachelor Degree or higher in Computer Science, Software Development, or related fields Experience with any Javascript framework. We are currently utilizing Angualr.JS and Vue.JS. Excellent problem-solving and solutioning skills Strong knowledge of databases (SQL and NoSQL) Experience with event streaming and Apache Kafka Comfortable with AWS platform and services Experience building, deploying and maintaining Microservices We reward that ownership mindset, so we offer stock options after one year of employment With our fast growth, we have a culture of curiosity, where learning happens on the fly — and while having a lot of fun Access to dental and health benefits package plus a health/lifestyle spending account for your total physical and mental well-being 45% discount on our products so you can experience first-hand why our customers love Article Your choice of state-of-the-art laptops with the tech and tools to easily collaborate When our office is safe to reopen, you’ll love that:
The Article HQ is a converted warehouse with in-house photo studios, an airy open layout, an open kitchen filled with snacks, premium coffees and teas (and ALL the milks).
A dog-friendly office. We love our dog friends here at Article. If you have a well-behaved, well-socialized pup, we’d love to have them in the office too.
Onsite fitness equipment, change rooms (including towel service!) and bike storage
Regular extra-curricular activities, such as socials, open-mics, picnics... even cross-country skiing! For now, we've replaced them with creative virtual events for the time being - like virtual trivia night or a cooking class through Zoom! The Article HQ is a converted warehouse with in-house photo studios, an airy open layout, an open kitchen filled with snacks, premium coffees and teas (and ALL the milks). A dog-friendly office. We love our dog friends here at Article. If you have a well-behaved, well-socialized pup, we’d love to have them in the office too. Onsite fitness equipment, change rooms (including towel service!) and bike storage Regular extra-curricular activities, such as socials, open-mics, picnics... even cross-country skiing! For now, we've replaced them with creative virtual events for the time being - like virtual trivia night or a cooking class through Zoom! 
ScrapedJobID970:
JavaScript: Typescript, Node.js, ReactJS, Next.js, React-Native, Objection.js, Knex. UI: CSS, SCSS, Bootstrap. Database: Postgres w/ TimescaleDB, Redis. DevOps: AWS, Netlify, Linux, Bash. Developer Tools: MacOS, Jetbrains WebStorm, npm, GitHub/Bitbucket, Postico, Jira Software Engineering:
You will take responsibility for one or more features to be built out in the current sprint.
You will work with the product team to refine the feature spec into a user story and identify what functionality needs to be added, where the functionality needs to be added, etc..
You will implement assigned features in a manner that will scale out effectively as we grow. You will take responsibility for one or more features to be built out in the current sprint. You will work with the product team to refine the feature spec into a user story and identify what functionality needs to be added, where the functionality needs to be added, etc.. You will implement assigned features in a manner that will scale out effectively as we grow. Quality Assurance:
You will work with engineers to design appropriate test cases for their web/mobile application as well as their backend APIs.
You will perform tests on software and record results.
You will identify bugs and log them into their issue tracking system.
You will take ownership of bugs, and either push them through the bug fix process via another engineer or fix them yourself.
You will retest and ensure bugs have been resolved. You will work with engineers to design appropriate test cases for their web/mobile application as well as their backend APIs. You will perform tests on software and record results. You will identify bugs and log them into their issue tracking system. You will take ownership of bugs, and either push them through the bug fix process via another engineer or fix them yourself. You will retest and ensure bugs have been resolved. Make Improvements:
Do you see something that can be improved in their stack or with their processes? Don’t just tell them about it. Take some initiative and improve it yourself! Do you see something that can be improved in their stack or with their processes? Don’t just tell them about it. Take some initiative and improve it yourself! Motivation: You should be self-driven and excited to work on this product. Commitment: You do not take the responsibilities that you are given, lightly. Independent Thinking: While we need a doer, we especially need people who can think and contribute to the greater goal without necessarily being prompted to do so. Team Player: You understand that you + team = success. There is no “I” in team. Responsibility: You will become comfortable working with others as well as taking responsibility for decisions that will deeply affect their software and their users. Practical Experience: You will be well acquainted with the agile software development approach and the software development cycle through practical experience. Startup Life: You will get hands-on experience in what it takes to work in a true startup environment and ship product. Support: Don’t worry, we want to see you succeed. Active mentorship and guidance will be provided to you for further career development. The salary range for this position is $110,000.00 - $150,000.00 (depending on the amount of equity chosen) Casual dress Employee stock purchase plan Paid time off Stock options Work from home Monday to Friday OOP: You are an expert with Object Oriented Programming (OOP) concepts and Data Structures. While you are comfortable with functional programming, you tend to think OOP design patterns. Node.js/JavaScript/TypeScript: You are a humble 10/10 expert with Node.js development on server, JavaScript on browser and have expert knowledge of async/await semantics. You have used TypeScript in at least two major projects and it has saved your butt once or twice (you’ll tell them how). React and Next.js: You are a humble 10/10 expert with React and have developed 5 or more React browser apps in the past. You have worked on at least three major Next.js app with your JavaScript/Typescript/React skills. React-Native: You have worked on at least two React-Native apps with your JavaScript/Typescript skills targeting iOS and Android platforms in the past, and they are available on the iOS / Google Play store now. You are comfortable writing native code in Swift or Java where necessary. You are comfortable with push notifications and the interface between React-Native and native iOS/Android bits. PostgreSQL: You are a humble 10/10 expert with SQL, crafting relational DB Schemas, queries, and stored procedures in PL/pgSQL. You have used Postgres in at least one major project. Bonus points for having used TimescaleDB in a major project in the past. *nix Command Line: You are extremely comfortable with bash and interacting with *nix on the command line. Thinking From User POV: You have the ability to think from the perspective of the end user when it comes to features. MacBook: Our entire development environment is built for Mac. You are using a Mac for your day-to-day. Candidate Focus: You have completed Computer Science or Computer Engineering degree or similar degree in a technical discipline. If you do not have such a degree, you have substitutable real-world experience making production applications. Work Experience: You have 5-8 years of work experience working in multi-disciplinary teams. Your focus has been purely software engineering and have worked both on the Front-End and Back-End equally. You have been mentored by a Senior Full-Stack Engineer and are looking forward to taking on more technical and architectural responsibility. 
ScrapedJobID971:
Highly competitive salary Attractive vacation, healthcare & benefits, including generous RRSP matching ‘People-first’ culture that prioritizes fun Autonomy and freedom to do your best work on your own terms (you won’t find any micromanagers here!) Flexibility to work remotely State-of-the-art and centrally located offices (Victoria) Remote work fund to create a successful home working setup Opportunities to work on interesting products High-end hardware and equipment — in the office and at home Opportunities to learn and grow through professional development support, funding, and mentorship Internal mobility; opportunity to work with various products and teams across the Redbrick portfolio of companies Monthly fitness reimbursements to support a healthy and active lifestyle Modern tech stacks (.Net, Python, TypeScript, Docker, AWS) Opportunities to contribute to open-source communities Architecting, designing, and implementing new features. Problem-solving bugs and implementing fixes. Analyzing data to better inform our decision-making process. Coordinating initiatives and projects from idea to release. Helping the team grow the business in ways we haven’t yet thought of. Designing and developing windows desktop applications as well as web applications. WPF (C#), Chromium (C++) and Web (HTML/CSS/JS) Troubleshoot, identify, and improve product quality. Maintain, improve, and support existing software products. Collaborate with team members to integrate new product functionality. Mentor and lead other developers to improve their skillset and code quality. You have an understanding of the software we build and are starting to familiarize yourself with the development process. You will have started or completed a couple of small tasks. Merged in code that will be released to our users. You will be breaking down large tasks and building new features into projects. Coordinating with design teams on updates and additions, as well as debugging errors and implementing fixes. You will be taking the lead on architecting and building new features into our desktop applications, creating new products, and various MVPs. You will have all the knowledge necessary to handle releasing new updates to our user base, and the ability to track the success of new changes from start to finish. Experience developing complex desktop and/or web applications using various languages such as C#, C++, Java, Python, PHP, RESTful, JS Experience with version control systems, code review, and automated testing. Experience architecting and deploying services on AWS. Experience with database design and administration as well as experience with DevOps tools. Proven track record of building and deploying applications to large user bases. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent entrepreneurial experience in product building. Are unafraid to try new ideas and think outside the box. Experience with Performance Marketing Experience with data tracking systems (Google Analytics, Has Offers, Mixpanel) Expert Ping Pong Skills Extended health care Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID972:

ScrapedJobID973:
Develop frontend software solutions by studying information needs like studying systems flow, data usage and work processes; investigating problem areas; following the software development lifecycle Determine operational feasibility by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development and proposed solutions Document and demonstrate solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code Prepare and install solutions by determining and designing system specifications, standards, and programming Update job knowledge by studying state-of-the-art development tools, programming techniques and computing equipment Participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks Protect operations by keeping information confidential Provide information by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing development and production issues Accomplish engineering and organization mission by completing related results as needed Understand company needs to define enterprise system specifications Collaborating with other GIS software professionals to determine functional and non-functional Bachelor's degree with major course work in computer science or a related field is required. Equivalent work experience in a similar position may be substituted for education requirements At least 5-7 years of experience with software engineering, system administration, programming, and/or a related field Strong proficiency in JavaScript, including DOM manipulation and the JavaScript object model Knowledge of HTML/CSS, JQuery Familiarity with RESTful APIs Prior experience with popular React.js workflows (such as Flux or Redux) Familiarity with code versioning tools, especially Git/Github Familiarity with modern front-end build pipelines and tools Experience with common front-end development tools such as Babel, Webpack, NPM, etc. Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements A knack for benchmarking and optimization A technical mindset with great attention to detail Problem-solving aptitude Développer des solutions logicielles front-end en étudiant les besoins en informations comme l'étude des flux des systèmes, l'utilisation des données et les processus de travail ; enquêter sur les domaines problématiques; suivant le cycle de vie du développement logiciel Déterminer la faisabilité opérationnelle en évaluant l'analyse, la définition du problème, les exigences, le développement de solutions et les solutions proposées Documenter et démontrer des solutions en développant de la documentation, des organigrammes, des mises en page, des diagrammes, des graphiques, des commentaires de code et un code clair Préparer et installer des solutions en déterminant et en concevant les spécifications, les normes et la programmation du système Mettre à jour les connaissances professionnelles en étudiant les outils de développement de pointe, les techniques de programmation et l'équipement informatique Participer à des opportunités éducatives; lire des publications professionnelles; entretien des réseaux personnels Protéger les opérations en gardant les informations confidentielles Fournir des informations en collectant, analysant et résumant les problèmes de développement et de production Accomplir la mission d'ingénierie et d'organisation en complétant les résultats connexes au besoin Comprendre les besoins de l'entreprise pour définir les spécifications du système d'entreprise Collaborer avec d'autres professionnels des logiciels SIG pour déterminer les fonctions fonctionnelles et non fonctionnelles Un baccalauréat avec des cours majeurs en informatique ou dans un domaine connexe est requis. Une expérience de travail équivalente dans un poste similaire peut être substituée aux exigences de formation Au moins 5 à 7 ans d'expérience en génie logiciel, en administration système, en programmation et/ou dans un domaine connexe Solide maîtrise de JavaScript, y compris la manipulation DOM et le modèle d'objet JavaScript Connaissance de HTML/CSS, JQuery Familiarité avec les API RESTful Expérience préalable avec les workflows React.js populaires (tels que Flux ou Redux) Familiarité avec les outils de versioning de code, en particulier Git/Github Familiarité avec les pipelines et les outils de création front-end modernes Expérience avec les outils de développement front-end courants tels que Babel, Webpack, NPM, etc. Capacité à comprendre les exigences commerciales et à les traduire en exigences techniques Un talent pour l'analyse comparative et l'optimisation Un esprit technique avec une grande attention aux détails Aptitude à la résolution de problèmes 
ScrapedJobID974:
A degree in information technology, or equivalent experience 3- 5 years of experience with Typescript A background in data visualization 3 + years with React 3+ years with MobX/Redux Experience with MapboxGL/Deck.gl/Nebula.gl Experience with Visx C#/.NET/ASP.NET Postgres/Timescale Docker/Docker Compose AWS experience Remote Permanent 
ScrapedJobID975:
Develop customer solutions through collaboration with our product, data science, and customer experience experts. Have the opportunity to own and drive solutions to customer problems. Write secure code for APIs, frontend, backend, web, mobile, partner integration. Solve problems and integrate with partner development teams. Deliver using agile, test-driven design methodology. Learn and adapt technologies to real problems. 5+ years of experience in full-stack development. Ruby on Rails or other web application frameworks. Angular, Node.js, JavaScript, and front-end development frameworks Relational databases such as PostgreSQL, MySQL Experience with event-based systems (e.g RabbitMq, Kafka, etc.) Experience building cutting edge customer products Proficiency with Linux/UNIX command-line Love to own problems and drive solutions Leading or mentoring development team members Integrating 3rd party systems/services Git or other version control systems Python Building a RESTful API Heroku, AWS Security & Cryptography Building payment, billing or other finance solutions * We believe in innovation and vibrant culture* - work for an innovative, people-first, financial services firm that values entrepreneurialism We care about your rewards - Competitive compensation including equity programs We care about your health - comprehensive group health and dental benefits and life insurance, including a Lifestyle Spending Account for all your wellness needs We care about your rest - a flexible paid-time-off policy with unlimited vacation days, flexible sick and mental health days We care about your family - Paid parental leave for eligible employees with top-up We care about your future - Group RRSP matching and TFSA program in Purpose funds We care about your development - subsidies are available for courses and tuition 
ScrapedJobID976:
Develop full-stack applications in an AWS, Serverless, Lambda, environment Create and configure REST API connectivity integrations Develop microservices in a React framework Quality products, colleagues, and best practices for a cutting edge development environment 5+ years software development Development in an AWS Serverless environment Expertise in Typescript; Javascript, Node Experience working with NoSQL databases. They use AWS' DynamoDB Strong understanding of CI/CD and best practices for the SDLC Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance On-site parking RRSP match Vision care Work from home Monday to Friday Truth: The company does so well because of hiring employees who are 'good persons', easy-going, and 'nice'. Like you! AWS development: 5 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID977:
Work with new applications/technologies working both front-end and back-end web development projects Development, maintenance, support, debug and documentation of new development projects and existing web applications Design, build and maintain efficient, reusable and reliable code Assist in defining software architectures Participate in bug resolution Build appropriate unit and integration tests Participate in various phases of test development cycle (unit, functional, integrated, acceptance) Translate designs and style guides provided by the team into functional user interfaces Contribute to continual improvement by suggesting improvements to user interface, software architecture or new technologies Have a bachelor’s Degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science or a combination of education and experience in software development Minimum of 5 years as a Developer Frontend web development (Angular). Backend RESTful API development (Java). Experience with Agile methodologies. Experience of test-driven development. Experience coding in Java, Python and Typescript/JavaScript. Experience setting up continuous integration and deployment pipelines. Experience of Windows and UNIX based operating systems. Experience with Azure DevOps or equivalent. Experience coding in Go. Experience with the Vert.x framework. Permanent position, competitive base salary, bonuses and annual performance reviews Fully paid by the employer medical, dental, life, short/long term disabilities insurance Lots of things to learn through skilled sparring partners Flexible work from home options available Become a key member of a dynamic and award winning company that is a recognized worldwide industry leader 
ScrapedJobID978:
Collaborate with internal business units to understand business goals & objectives Provide task estimates adjusted for complexity schedules and engineer skill levels Works with the team to break out stories and assigns to team members Defines quality software solutions mindful of performance, scalability and re-usability, in concert with our Enterprise Architect Establish best practices and an architectural roadmap, working closely with our Enterprise Architect & Engineering Leads Investigate and resolve system issues Monitors progress, identifying potential impediments and bottlenecks; steering the course so commitments are met and projects remain on track Experience using Java 8+ or GoLang. Experience working with distributed systems and microservices. Proficient with RESTful APIs and understanding HTTP request methods and response status codes and when to apply them. Solid understanding of good code architecture, design and testing best practices. Understand the value of documentation and design then code approach. Some development experience with front-end applications is an asset. University Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent knowledge/experience Excellent written and oral communication skills Awarded - Canada's Best Managed Companies — 2009-2014 Awarded - Deloitte Technology Fast 50 Leadership Award— 2015 Ranked - Deloitte Technology Fast 50 — 2010-2014 Ranked - Deloitte Technology Fast 500 — 2011-2014 Ranked - Branham 300 — 2010-2015 
ScrapedJobID979:
Responsible for building components for the user interface (UI); utilizing various JavaScript libraries and tools such as React.js, Redux, and Node.js/npm. Leading and helping the Front-End team code with performance, scalability, and usability in mind. You will live and breathe the virtual-DOM, pure reducers and immutable data structures. 4+ years professional software development experience (internships and personal projects not included) 2+ years experience with React.js or other web framework (Vue.js, Angular, Ember, etc.) Experience with state containers (i.e Redux, Alt, Flux) Experience with modern JavaScript (ES6, Babel, FlowType and/or TypeScript, Webpack) HTML5 (specifically dealing with IE quirks) JavaScript testing experience (Mocha, Jasmine and Jest) Experienced in Agile development and TDD / BDD Able to iterate quickly Strong understanding of Git fundamentals Experience with pure-functional programming is a bonus (Ramda, Lo-Dash FP, etc) Interest in full-stack development is a bonus. Generous remuneration structure Travel perks/discounts. Health & Wellness Programs and Employee Financial Wellness Services Generous paid-time off policy National/International Award Nights and Conferences Diversity & Inclusion initiatives Benefits including vision, medical, and dental Employee Assistance Program RRSP with matching Employee Share Plan Global career opportunities in a network of brands and businesses Ongoing training and professional development Fun and flexible work environment Proud Corporate Social Responsibility platform through the Flight Centre Foundation and Brighter Futures program supporting nominated charities through Workplace Giving, Volunteering and Fundraising. Employee giving program Annual Charity Trip Office Environmental Program 1 Volunteer Day per Calendar Year 
ScrapedJobID980:
The Application Developer is responsible for supporting, maintaining, and enhancing current and future business applications in a distributed environment, including SQL server, Business Intelligence, and .NET The primary development will be to support reporting solutions (database creation, Windows applications, batch reporting, web applications/services, etc), bringing in files, loading them, calculating metrics, loading into a table and exporting to the reporting side (Think ETL with some advanced business logic) This will be for items like subscription metrics, delivering financial reports to external partners This is not a front-end application The developer will work with the Business Analysts to take requirements, produce some standard technical documents (5%), and provide development insight to BA and Operations teams The role will also provide Level 2 support to your applications Lots of growth opportunities Client is moving to Agile and cloud solutions 5+ years Microsoft programming and analysis experience in distributed environment Proficiency in SQL applications, including Enterprise Manager and SQL Query Analyzer Experience creating database tables; indexes; Transact-SQL; stored procedures; triggers; SSIS/DTS packages; and reporting applications Strong working experience in SQL 2019 environments Strong working experience with ETL processes Strong working knowledge of: C#; C++; ASP Experience with financial, subscription management and business intelligence applications would be considered an asset Knowledge of AWS cloud database technologies including Aurora and Redshift would be considered an asset Able to convey technical knowledge to external vendors/clients would be considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID981:
Developing new user-facing features using React and Typescript Building maintainable, modular, reusable components and front-end libraries for future use Translating designs and wireframes into high-quality code Helping design a rich, modern, simplified user experience Training and mentoring other front-end developers on the team Work with modern browser APIs, targeting the latest versions of Chrome and Firefox Solve difficult technical challenges in scaling a massive codebase Use modern development APIs such as React Suspense and Hooks, Web Assembly and Workers Work alongside a world-class financial engineering team Strong proficiency in JavaScript (Typescript a plus, all our front-end code is written in TS) Thorough understanding of React and its core principles Familiarity with RESTful APIs Familiarity with SCSS, or other styling systems and solid general understanding of CSS Experience with common front-end development tools such as Webpack, Jest, etc. Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements Strong Computer Science fundamentals Familiarity with Git, GitHub, Git Flow Experience with iOS (Swift) or Android (Kotlin) development Financial service experience is a plus Experience with chart libraries like High charts and Material UI BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience Opportunity to join a fast-growing Fintech startup experiencing hyper-growth Working every day at a company where your voice is valued and given importance Work with shiny happy people Competitive base salary with bonus Comprehensive healthcare benefits and vacation package Flexible hours, 3 days per week working from home before Covid-19. During the pandemic, we are 100% remote Experience Fintech without seeing people with ties and grey suits Mac or Windows: choose what suits you 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID982:
Develop and maintain software tools and features to assist in automated testing Develop and maintain test libraries that interface with vehicle electronic control units (ECUs) Interface with development and test teams to understand feature functionality and testing requirements Devise test scenarios and implement automated test suites for maximum coverage Contribute to team deliverables through involvement in agile scrum development sprints 5+ year experience in testing or automation in automotive vehicle connected services / infotainment features 2+ year experience in Python development and object-oriented design 2+ year experience in mobile testing or automation Detail oriented and adept at detecting and diagnosing software defects Strong aptitude for troubleshooting and problem solving Strong communication and interpersonal skills Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field 2+ year experience in another high level language such as Java, C++, or C Experience with continuous integration system (Jenkins) Experience in maintaining automated execution of large number of tests and triaging test results Experience with unit testing frameworks Experience with Android development Experience with Shell scripting and Linux development environment Experience with data analytics and visualization Experience with database and web application development Experience with microcontrollers, electronics assembly and debugging equipment (ex: multimeter) Ability to work in a multi-site team environment where self-driven and self-motivate capabilities are key qualities 
ScrapedJobID983:
Build tools and technology for the unique problems of inventory management, logistics, and order fulfillment Create new and innovative systems alongside streamlining and optimizing current processes Experience working in the latest technology, a ubiquitous culture based upon data, and a team of dedicated team members ready to collaborate Build software tools for better reporting and telemetry on our warehouse processes Build tools that support our operations and logistics teams to efficiently sort, pick, pack, and ship orders Contribute to solutions that aid in the tracking and retrieval of hundreds of thousands of consigned items across multiple warehouses 5+ Years experience in a Software Engineering role Strong understanding of building production-ready web applications and systems Fluency with any of Ruby, Elixir, Erlang Strong understanding of web-app performance fundamentals and related dev tools Mastery of git and Github workflows Bachelor of Computer Science degree or equivalent experience Experience building Operations and Logistics applications Strong understanding of web technologies: HTML5, Javascript, CSS/SASS, REST, JSON Experience with GraphQL Experience with Kafka Bonus pay Dental care Employee assistance program Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID984:
Architecting bespoke web-based solutions that meet our client's business needs using your skills in both frontend (typically React) and backend (Node) JavaScript. Ensuring secure and elegant code is implemented across our Node-based clients. Working with strategists, designers and front-end developers to define and create amazing digital experiences. HTML, CSS, Core JS. Strong experience in one of React, Angular, Vue. GraphQL based state management or Redux (Flux architecture) experience. Experience with Gatsby and/or headless CMS platforms is a plus. Expertise in core Node. Comfortable with modern JavaScript including ES6 through ES9. Express server expertise. Socket.io expertise. Comfortable working with streams. Experience architecting and documenting RESTful APIs. Database configuration, management and deployment. Interest or experience with AWS/Azure/Google Cloud or other Cloud Platforms. Architecting serverless solutions. 
ScrapedJobID985:
Comfortable with technology systems and FULLSTACK TECHIES internal tools 4+ years’ experience developing software products – any language 2+ years hands-on experience developing applications with Python 2+ years of UI development using jQuery or other JavaScript library (jQuery preferred, Angular, vue.js, React, etc. are acceptable) At least some development experience with Node.js Familiarity with writing and optimizing SQL queries is required Experience with Bootstrap HTML/CSS UI development is a bonus Good Experience with Python in an AWS environment is a bonus, especially Python lambda functions in AWS Ability to contribute anywhere in the stack and wear multiple hats A focus on quality: Write your own unit tests, integrations tests Focus on data-driven decision making and learning by experimentation Python, Django, REACT, NODE, Python Script, HTML, CSS Database optimization Experienced in AWS – EC2, RDS, SES, S3 Familiarity with Agile Methodology, Test-Driven Development and software design patterns 
ScrapedJobID986:
Our Client is growing at an incredible pace even during these uncertain times and are continuing to scale out their Toronto office. You will be a key contributor to their goal of accelerating the way space providers and occupiers plan, market, lease and manage space. As such, you will: Work closely with engineers, product managers, designers, QA, and other business partners to discover and solve challenges for our customers. Collaborate with other engineers to incrementally craft high quality products and APIs for our customers (we deploy multiple times a day) Have organization wide impact through your work, departmental initiatives like brown bags and recruiting, being a mentor or on-boarding buddy, etc. 5 years+ professional experience Product software/SaaS experience (focus on large scalable tech, lots of users) MEAN/MERN Stack Agile software process and software design Experience delivering high-quality web applications for the consumer or enterprise. Strongly values automated testing and implements good testing practices. Experience architecting solutions to problems in a thoughtful way - limiting number of technologies, ability to justify decisions, can articulate trade-offs well, etc. Experience presenting technical projects and problems to non-technical folks and the ability to explain and justify the business reasons. 
ScrapedJobID987:
Writing well-documented, high performance, scalable, secure, reliable and maintainable code. Create proposals for technical solutions, team processes and procedures, and driving them through to adoption and implementation. Solving business problems in a cloud native microservices architecture. Implementing distributed monitoring, logging and analytics. Using TDD and writing test automation to validate code. Coaching other developers with regards to code quality, security, maintainability and solution architecture. On-call rotation with the other team members. Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering or equivalent. Experience developing enterprise grade software. First class analytical, diagnostic and problem solving skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills with an ability to collaborate with UX designers, developers, product owners and other team members. Passion to work in an exciting environment and deliver new technologies and products to the marketplace. Ability to learn quickly. Solid experience with using and creating RESTful APIs. Practical knowledge of API security and modern authorization mechanisms, such as OAuth 2.0 and JSON Web Tokens. Experience with Node.js and/or Go and/or Python. Experience with Git. Experience with SaaS operations. A knack for bench-marking and optimization. Please advise in your application whether you are eligible to work in Canada. Experience developing cloud-native applications using the 12 factor methodology. Experience with using/developing microservices and operating/supporting them in production. Experience with event driven architectures. Experience with containers and container orchestration tools (i.e. Kubernetes and Docker). Experience using Azure cloud services. Experience with CQRS and Event Sourcing. Experience in utilizing Cloud Design Patterns such as Circuit Breaker. Experience in defining infrastructure as code using Terraform, Ansible, or Chef. Experience with Agile development approaches such as Scrum. Experience with or knowledge of IT technologies such as LDAP, Active Directory, IP networking, DNS, or virtualization of networks or workstations. Secure products. You understand the importance of a secure SDLC and that this is not an afterthought once all the features are developed. Automate everything. You actively automate many manual tasks as possible so that these tasks can be repeated many times and allow us to scale. Self-managed teams. You hold yourself accountable for the full end-to-end lifecycle of what you are working on, from ensuring you are building something that will deliver customer value to getting it into customers' hands. Customer collaboration. You want feedback from customers to ensure your work is providing value and to enable you to iterate on that work. Tech-debt reduction. Software can live longer that you expect; therefore, you need to ensure it stays healthy and manage your technical debt accordingly. Collective ownership. You value contribution, wherever it comes from, and believe in peer review, continuous integration, test coverage and customer validation. 
ScrapedJobID988:
Responsible for guiding and creating remarkable and progressive digital experiences for a variety of audiences to support our business in Canada, with an emphasis on responsive and mobile designs Work closely with stakeholders to define the user experience for secure digital properties, ensuring they closely align with the client's key success factors Work collaboratively with fellow members of the team to conceptualize design and prototype ideas for implementation on the web and mobile Apply user-centred design principles to influence project strategy and direction Advocate for data-driven design solutions for web and mobile Define user personas, and map user journeys Create distinctive, branded digital experiences that are desirable and consistent across multiple platforms, devices and channels Develop user scenarios, personas, user flows, design concepts, low and high-fidelity wireframes, and prototypes, UI standards documents, and other design documents as needed Design and deliver elegant and delightful visual elements of a coherent product experience Conduct concept and usability testing to iteratively validate and improve design solutions Explore solution space and refine concepts via wireframes and detailed high-fidelity design Define the visual style and position relative to design guidelines Build prototypes and test them with users to validate customer needs and understand requirements and behaviours Collaborate with other designers to maintain a level of design consistency and coherence across products and services Clearly articulate proposed design and key decisions with stakeholders Actively collaborate as part of the team to ensure designs are feasible and implemented accurately Ensure standards and best practices are appropriately communicated and documented Manage user experience deliverables produced by internal and 3rd party resources as required to ensure expectations are successfully met Produce annotated wireframes, design specs and other documentation as needed within all project timelines Ensure the workflow reflects the users’ needs and maintain consistency among features Determine the need for user research and user testing. Interpret and review research findings for presentations to project teams 3-5 years of experience in user-centered digital design and user experience Solid UX Practice/Process University degree or certification in User Experience, or equivalent work experience Solid portfolio demonstrating impactful customer experiences, including experience developing digital products from initial concept through to implementation Design experience ranging across web and mobile (mobile web and native applications) Strong knowledge and experience designing wireframes and interactive prototypes using industry software (e.g., Sketch and inVision) Familiar working with design systems that consistently scale across platforms Well-versed in current accessibility standards Strong visual design skills, able to create compelling, branded, high-fidelity product screens Strong verbal and writing communication skills with ability to articulate the value of a design choice to users and non-designer stakeholders. Excellent presentation skills Experience working with clients and various departments within a team environment Knowledge of current web standards and the latest trends Ability to successfully manage and deliver on multiple projects with competing deadlines and priorities Creative problem solving and analytical thinking Able to produce high-quality creative solutions in a fast-paced environment Synthesizes abstract ideas into tangible solutions for design Passionate about problem solving through design Sees value in taking an iterative design approach Strong sense of ownership and proactively advocates for the end user Open to taking on new challenges and learning new skills Collaborative, curious, empathetic, open-minded, innovative Understanding of front-end web development an asset (HTML, CSS, JS, etc.) Experience working in agile methodology is a plus 
ScrapedJobID989:
Strong proficiency in Web Platform technologies such HTML, CSS, browser APIs, events, storage options and JavaScript (ECMAScript 2015+) or TypeScript Experience with front-end frameworks such as React, Angular, or Vue Experience managing front-end states (with Redux, Context API or similar) and designing data models that scale with RESTful API or GraphQL in complex, single-page web applications Understand end-to-end front-end development methodologies and tool chains such as NPM, Yarn, Lerna, Webpack, ES Lint, DevTools and Node.js 
ScrapedJobID990:
5+ years of Software Development experience Experience with .NET and .NET Core framework using C# Command of Software Development Life Cycle Practical knowledge of GIT Well-founded grasp of Microsoft SQL Server Able to move from quickly from draft mockups into various web languages A strong understanding of compatibility and cross-browser issues Solid understanding of API integration 
ScrapedJobID991:
Maintain a significant knowledge, competence, and capability in web development, and you work efficiently with your fellow developers, QA, and product owners. Build general, tested code, and refactor as you go. You can plan quickly and test quickly - you know the plan will change. Own the components that you are building from initial design and architecture all the way to end where it will be put into production adding value to our customers Communicate and work efficiently with technical leads, software architects, cloud operations, and product owners to set expectations and identify risks and opportunities for the business Contribute as a member of a multi-disciplinary self-organizing Scrum team, including helping estimate work, performing code reviews, testing, problem-solving, and retrospecting to continually improve our effectiveness Minimum 5+ years of cloud development experience in a Backend or Full Stack role Experience with Python, RESTful APIs, Terraform, Azure and Kubernetes is considered a strong asset Experience with deploying and maintaining cloud-based systems, ideally including Microsoft Azure Experience with HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript; with a focus on React and Redux is considered an asset Experience interacting with a multidisciplinary team Confident oral and written communication skills in English Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to develop and build sustainable working relationships Team-oriented attitude and good conflict management skills Ability to manage your own workload effectively and to work efficiently alongside team members Balanced and informed approach to problem solving Tenacity, persistence and focus with the ability to prioritize between multiple tasks Ability to work in a quickly growing, fast paced, and constantly changing environment 
ScrapedJobID992:
Prendre part à l’élaboration, aux analyses et à la conception de sites web Développer au sein d’une équipe agile Comprendre et analyser du code existant Avoir des bonnes aptitudes en gestion de problèmes Travailler sur plusieurs projets Possibilités d’avancements au sein de l’organisation Détenir un diplôme en informatique Avoir de l’expérience avec PHP Connaissance en programmation web HTML, CSS, JavaScript Connaissance du SEO Être autonome et proactif Avoir le sens de l’organisation et de l’autonomie 
ScrapedJobID993:
Writing well-documented, high performance, scalable, secure, reliable and maintainable code. Create proposals for technical solutions, team processes and procedures, and driving them through to adoption and implementation. Solving business problems in a cloud native microservices architecture. Implementing distributed monitoring, logging and analytics. Using TDD and writing test automation to validate code. Coaching other developers with regards to code quality, security, maintainability and solution architecture. On-call rotation with the other team members. Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering or equivalent. Experience developing enterprise grade software. First class analytical, diagnostic and problem solving skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills with an ability to collaborate with UX designers, developers, product owners and other team members. Passion to work in an exciting environment and deliver new technologies and products to the marketplace. Ability to learn quickly. Solid experience with using and creating RESTful APIs. Practical knowledge of API security and modern authorization mechanisms, such as OAuth 2.0 and JSON Web Tokens. Experience with Node.js and/or Go and/or Python. Experience with Git. Experience with SaaS operations. A knack for bench-marking and optimization. Please advise in your application whether you are eligible to work in Canada. Experience developing cloud-native applications using the 12 factor methodology. Experience with using/developing microservices and operating/supporting them in production. Experience with event driven architectures. Experience with containers and container orchestration tools (i.e. Kubernetes and Docker). Experience using Azure cloud services. Experience with CQRS and Event Sourcing. Experience in utilizing Cloud Design Patterns such as Circuit Breaker. Experience in defining infrastructure as code using Terraform, Ansible, or Chef. Experience with Agile development approaches such as Scrum. Experience with or knowledge of IT technologies such as LDAP, Active Directory, IP networking, DNS, or virtualization of networks or workstations. Secure products. You understand the importance of a secure SDLC and that this is not an afterthought once all the features are developed. Automate everything. You actively automate many manual tasks as possible so that these tasks can be repeated many times and allow us to scale. Self-managed teams. You hold yourself accountable for the full end-to-end lifecycle of what you are working on, from ensuring you are building something that will deliver customer value to getting it into customers' hands. Customer collaboration. You want feedback from customers to ensure your work is providing value and to enable you to iterate on that work. Tech-debt reduction. Software can live longer that you expect; therefore, you need to ensure it stays healthy and manage your technical debt accordingly. Collective ownership. You value contribution, wherever it comes from, and believe in peer review, continuous integration, test coverage and customer validation. 
ScrapedJobID994:
Building responsive and dynamic websites for clients. Working as designers to implement visual interfaces. Designing and implementing new features and functionality. Establishing and guiding the website's architecture. Ensuring high-performance and availability and managing all technical aspects of the CMS. Helping formulate an effective responsive design and turning it into a working theme and plugin Possibility for some design if interested. Proficiency in Adobe Creative Cloud (Photoshop, Adobe XD) or similar platforms to wireframe designs for presentation. Understanding of Word press and builders. Understanding of current web standards, principles, and best practices with regards to digital marketing, display ads, and social media. Excellent understanding of front-end technologies, including HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery. Strong understanding of PHP back-end development. Experience building user interfaces for websites and/or web applications. Experience designing and developing responsive design websites. Ability to understand CSS changes and their ramifications to ensure consistent style across platforms and browsers. Ability to convert comprehensive layout and wireframes into working HTML pages. Proficiency in Word press, WooCommerce, Elementor. E-Commerce strategy or experience. Ability to clearly communicate ideas and collaborate at all levels. Photography and video editing skills a plus. 
ScrapedJobID995:
Develop customer solutions through collaboration with our product, data science, and customer experience experts. Have the opportunity to own and drive solutions to customer problems. Write secure code for APIs, frontend, backend, web, mobile, partner integration. Solve problems and integrate with partner development teams. Deliver using agile, test-driven design methodology. Learn and adapt technologies to real problems. 5+ years of experience in full-stack development. Ruby on Rails or other web application frameworks. Angular, Node.js, JavaScript, and front-end development frameworks Relational databases such as PostgreSQL, MySQL Experience with event-based systems (e.g RabbitMq, Kafka, etc.) Experience building cutting edge customer products Proficiency with Linux/UNIX command-line Love to own problems and drive solutions Leading or mentoring development team members Integrating 3rd party systems/services Git or other version control systems Python Building a RESTful API Heroku, AWS Security & Cryptography Building payment, billing or other finance solutions * We believe in innovation and vibrant culture* - work for an innovative, people-first, financial services firm that values entrepreneurialism We care about your rewards - Competitive compensation including equity programs We care about your health - comprehensive group health and dental benefits and life insurance, including a Lifestyle Spending Account for all your wellness needs We care about your rest - a flexible paid-time-off policy with unlimited vacation days, flexible sick and mental health days We care about your family - Paid parental leave for eligible employees with top-up We care about your future - Group RRSP matching and TFSA program in Purpose funds We care about your development - subsidies are available for courses and tuition 
ScrapedJobID996:
You will write well designed, testable, efficient code by using best software development practices You will gather and refine specifications and requirements based on technical needs You will be directing day-to-day activities in a manner consistent with our risk culture and the relevant risk appetite statement and limits and communicate it throughout the team. You will create an environment in which your team pursues effective and efficient operations of their respective areas while ensuring the adequacy, adherence to and effectiveness of day-to-day business controls to meet obligations with respect to risk and compliance You will create and maintain software documentation You will be creating software for Scotiabank Commercial Customers and Scotiabank Employee’s You have experience working with authenticated, customer focused software You have deep knowledge and experience with REST API design, Java Spring Boot You have a deep knowledge and experience with HTML / JavaScript / Typescript CSS You have experience with one modern JS framework – specifically, React You’ve built accessible and internationalized web applications before (Java, J2EE) You have built software for customers and employees You stay up to date with industry best practice You have excellent communication skills, problem solving skills, and attention to detail We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity and curiosity and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create meaningful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world We hire you for your talent not just a job so you can grow with us. We’ll equip you for success not only in your role, but also in your career as a whole Access to thousands of online and in-person courses so you can hone your current skills, or learn new ones A competitive rewards package that includes a base salary, a performance bonus, company matching programs on pension and profit sharing, paid vacation, personal & sick days, medical, vision, and dental benefits that start from day one and much more! 
ScrapedJobID997:
Les développeurs full stack auront une gamme de responsabilités allant de la conception et la mise en "uvre de produits numériques à l'assurance que nous restons à la pointe de la technologie Nos développeurs contribuent à l'ensemble de la pile technologique, de la base de données et de l'infrastructure DevOps qui prend en charge le déploiement continu, sur les applications natives, au développement frontal En tant que développeur, vous travaillerez dans une équipe interfonctionnelle avec le Product Owner, les Designers et le Lead Developer pour co-développer les produits numériques Utiliser des pratiques d'ingénierie Agile et diverses technologies de développement de logiciels et de sites Web Collaborer avec les autres membres de l'équipe pour créer des user stories claires, concevoir des tests Communiquer avec les équipes informatiques sur toutes les innovations numériques liées aux systèmes informatiques fondamentaux Communiquer avec les parties prenantes de l'entreprise sur les processus Agiles pour définir et gérer les attentes Au moins 5 ans d'expérience en développement logiciel avec une expérience de travail dans des équipes Agile Excellentes compétences en programmation dans au moins un langage/cadre de programmation moderne tel que : Play Framework, Java, Spring, Sprint Boot Expérience et connaissance pratique de HTML/CSS et d'un framework Javascript frontend moderne, tel que ReactJS, AngularJS, Vue.js Connaissance pratique de SQL et d'une technologie de base de données commune, telle que SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL Connaissances de base sur l'architecture logicielle des applications Web, les API, l'authentification Connaissance de la programmation en binôme, de l'intégration continue et du développement piloté par les tests Expérience avec un cadre de tests unitaires Une connaissance des concepts de programmation fonctionnelle et des microservices est un plus Les contributions à la communauté (par exemple, travail open source, publication / présentation d'idées techniques) sont un plus Full stack developers will have a range of responsibilities from shaping and implementing digital products to ensuring that we stay on the leading edge of technology Our developers contribute across the full technology stack, from database and DevOps infrastructure that supports continuous deployment, over native apps, to front end development As a Developer you will work in a cross-functional team with the Product Owner, Designers and Lead Developer to co-develop the digital products Use Agile engineering practices and various software and web development technologies Collaborate with other team members to craft clear user stories, design tests Communicate with IT teams about any Digital innovations that are tying into bedrock IT systems Communicate with business stakeholders about Agile processes to set and manage expectations At least 5 years of software development experience with experience working in Agile teams Excellent programming skills in at least one modern programming language/ framework such as: Play Framework, Java, Spring, Sprint Boot Experience and working knowledge of HTML/ CSS, and a modern frontend Javascript framework, such as ReactJS, AngularJS, Vue.js Working knowledge of SQL and one common database technology, such as SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL Basic knowledge about web applications software architecture, APIs, Authentication Knowledge of pair programming, continuous integration and test-driven development Experience with a unit testing framework Familiarity with the concepts of Functional Programming and Microservices is a plus Community contributions (e.g., open source work, publishing / speaking on technical ideas) is a plus 
ScrapedJobID998:
3+ years of experience developing rich interactive web applications Excellent programming, software architecture, and communication skills Strong command of SQL Experience with agile software development methodologies (Scrum, etc.) Hands on experience in following: React.js Node.js, Express.js, C# and SQL experience are desired. Agile Scrum and Gitflow working experience are preferred. Good technical writing, documentation, and communication skills. Ability to define and implement a solution across a complex application stack Knowledge of Spatial technology like Googole Maps/Google Earth etc Databases
Must Have at least 3 years of experience with/in SQL Must Have at least 3 years of experience with/in SQL Software
Must Have at least 3 years of experience with/in Node.js React/Redux Must Have at least 3 years of experience with/in Node.js React/Redux 
ScrapedJobID999:
Work with talented and dedicated co-workers Highly Competitive Salary Comprehensive benefits Paid vacation days and bonuses Building the company web applications Deploying and scaling the company services Automating the company development and deployment process Testing and Quality Assurance for modules and services 3+ years experience developing production software at scale Previous experience working in fast-paced environments Proficient in the use of web technologies - JavaScript (React) Experience with REST API development and best practices Strong attention to detail Experience acting as a mentor to team members 
ScrapedJobID1000:
be a member of a tight knit department and become their inhouse Web development expert. Research, design and recommend end-to-end web solutions Design, develop or enhance CMS modules, web services API’s and other web technical solutions Develop, debug, test and deploy code based on the schedule and business priority Resolve issues with production code Collaborate with various stakeholders inside and outside of IT to develop great web applications for all audiences All other duties as required College diploma or university degree in the field of computer science, information systems or equivalent 3 to 5 years of end-to-end Full Web Stack cycle experience – from browser to server and back 3 to 5 years of website development experience using .NET Framework 4.7 and .NET Core – including WebForms, MVC and RESTful API Strong knowledge of RESTful API design and usage for system integration Knowledge of integration technologies such as JSON and SOAP Relational database programming experience using SQL Server, Oracle or MySQL including Stored Procedure programming Deep understanding of a modern application (general design patterns, templating & routing, DOM manipulation, communication over HTTPS, APIs, data storage, security principles). Experience with scheduling and examination systems is an asset Programming experience using PHP, Perl and other common web-based development languages Expert knowledge of JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, HTML5, CSS, and Angular frameworks. Knowledge of hosted website providers such as BlueHost, HostGator or Acquia. Experience with Git, including branching, pull request, code review, etc. Experience with unit testing, end-to-end testing and performing post-resolution follow-up Experience debugging and rectifying issues with deployed code Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a fast-paced environment. Strong desire to learn and adapt to new technologies Strong organizational and estimation skills Experience with CI/CD (code deployment, pipelines, DevOps) Experience with Agile development Knowledge in Ruby, Shopify Plus and Shopify Flow is an asset Expert knowledge of JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, HTML5, CSS, and Angular frameworks. Experience with SQL Server, Oracle or MySQL including Stored Procedure programming Expert knowledge of JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, HTML5, CSS, and Angular frameworks. Exposure to a Content Management System 
ScrapedJobID1001:

ScrapedJobID1002:
Responsible for guiding and creating remarkable and progressive digital experiences for a variety of audiences to support our business in Canada, with an emphasis on responsive and mobile designs Work closely with stakeholders to define the user experience for secure digital properties, ensuring they closely align with the client's key success factors Work collaboratively with fellow members of the team to conceptualize design and prototype ideas for implementation on the web and mobile Apply user-centred design principles to influence project strategy and direction Advocate for data-driven design solutions for web and mobile Define user personas, and map user journeys Create distinctive, branded digital experiences that are desirable and consistent across multiple platforms, devices and channels Develop user scenarios, personas, user flows, design concepts, low and high-fidelity wireframes, and prototypes, UI standards documents, and other design documents as needed Design and deliver elegant and delightful visual elements of a coherent product experience Conduct concept and usability testing to iteratively validate and improve design solutions Explore solution space and refine concepts via wireframes and detailed high-fidelity design Define the visual style and position relative to design guidelines Build prototypes and test them with users to validate customer needs and understand requirements and behaviours Collaborate with other designers to maintain a level of design consistency and coherence across products and services Clearly articulate proposed design and key decisions with stakeholders Actively collaborate as part of the team to ensure designs are feasible and implemented accurately Ensure standards and best practices are appropriately communicated and documented Manage user experience deliverables produced by internal and 3rd party resources as required to ensure expectations are successfully met Produce annotated wireframes, design specs and other documentation as needed within all project timelines Ensure the workflow reflects the users’ needs and maintain consistency among features Determine the need for user research and user testing. Interpret and review research findings for presentations to project teams 3-5 years of experience in user-centered digital design and user experience Solid UX Practice/Process University degree or certification in User Experience, or equivalent work experience Solid portfolio demonstrating impactful customer experiences, including experience developing digital products from initial concept through to implementation Design experience ranging across web and mobile (mobile web and native applications) Strong knowledge and experience designing wireframes and interactive prototypes using industry software (e.g., Sketch and inVision) Familiar working with design systems that consistently scale across platforms Well-versed in current accessibility standards Strong visual design skills, able to create compelling, branded, high-fidelity product screens Strong verbal and writing communication skills with ability to articulate the value of a design choice to users and non-designer stakeholders. Excellent presentation skills Experience working with clients and various departments within a team environment Knowledge of current web standards and the latest trends Ability to successfully manage and deliver on multiple projects with competing deadlines and priorities Creative problem solving and analytical thinking Able to produce high-quality creative solutions in a fast-paced environment Synthesizes abstract ideas into tangible solutions for design Passionate about problem solving through design Sees value in taking an iterative design approach Strong sense of ownership and proactively advocates for the end user Open to taking on new challenges and learning new skills Collaborative, curious, empathetic, open-minded, innovative Understanding of front-end web development an asset (HTML, CSS, JS, etc.) Experience working in agile methodology is a plus 
ScrapedJobID1003:
Télétravail libre. Pas de quota de jours à l’agence, tu y viens pour collaborer avec tes collègues à la création de projets authentiques. Flexibilité d’horaire. On privilégie une balance équilibrée entre les réalisations professionnelles et la vie personnelle ou familiale. Formation continue. Pour te permettre d’atteindre ton plein potentiel humain et professionnel, on t’encourage fortement à développer tes connaissances et ton expertise. Vie d’entreprise et sociale riche. Party annuels, 5 à 7, dîner d’équipe, lunch and learn, sorties sociales ou activités spontanées, on privilégie l'établissement de liens humains forts entre les membres de notre équipe. Un salaire et des avantages compétitifs. Parce qu’après tout, ça reste une partie importante de ton bien-être global. Produire du matériel graphique numérique soigné, en cohésion avec l’intégrité des marques et des projets qui te seront confiés Concevoir les design des projets Web de l’agence Travailler en collaboration avec l’équipe créative, numérique et le service-client Respecter le calendrier de production et les paramètres budgétaires dans la livraison des mandats Toute autre tâche connexe pour supporter le département. Diplôme d’études collégiales en graphisme ou dans un domaine connexe Expérience en agence essentielle Expérience minimale de 5 à 10 ans en design numérique et en design Web Bonne expérience en design Web et en UX Maîtrise du design graphique imprimé Connaissance de Figma un atout Autonomie, rigueur et sens des responsabilités Seules les candidatures correspondant à ce profil seront considérées. 
ScrapedJobID1004:
5+ years of Software Development experience Experience with .NET and .NET Core framework using C# Command of Software Development Life Cycle Practical knowledge of GIT Well-founded grasp of Microsoft SQL Server Able to move from quickly from draft mockups into various web languages A strong understanding of compatibility and cross-browser issues Solid understanding of API integration 
ScrapedJobID1005:
JAVA 1.7/1.8 /J2EE, Spring MVC, HTML5, JQuery or ReactJS, Schema, SQL, Version Control System (RTC/GIT preferred), OOPS, and Hibernate. Agile methodology At least 7+ years experience in JAVA/J2EE development and Deployment experience At least 5 years experience in Angular/Node.js, HTML5/Spring MVC/JSP/JQuery or ReactJS, RESTful Services, CI/CD Pipeline Experience in WebServices or Microservices Very good knowledge of the development life-cycle and to have practical experience with Agile framework; Knowledge of: SOAP Web Services or developing Microservices using SpringBoot, XML, XML Schema, JAX, Design patterns, OOAD. Proven record of work experience in large, geographically distributed teams; Experience in task assignment and coaching for junior programmers; Good skills for time and task management are required; Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1006:
Proven ability to assess business needs and translate them into relevant solutions. Decipher information architecture and visual designs and turn them into frontend code. Develop frontend code that integrates with backend interfaces. Develop, analyze, prioritize, and organize requirement specifications, data mapping, diagrams, and flowcharts for developers and testers to follow. Architect, develop, and test for cross-browser and cross-platform applications. Lead frontend technical development efforts independently. Explore existing systems, determine areas of complexity and potential risks to successful implementation of advanced visualization products. Collaborate with various cross functional teams like design, product management and backend architects and development teams to validate prototypes and to create elegant, usable, responsive and interactive interfaces which meets client requirements. Translate wireframes into functional requirements, write well-abstracted, reusable, high-performance code for UI components. Provide documentation of all processes and training as needed Perform design, implementation, code reviews, and upgrades of information systems to meet the business and user needs Implement best practices for scalability, supportability, ease of maintenance, and system performance Suggest continuous improvements in user interface, software architecture or new technologies. Bachelor's degree in computer science or information technology Design Experience & Knowledge 2+ years Designing frontend architecture with architectural guidelines in mind (secure, high-performing, scalable, extensible, flexible, simple) 5+ years of strong hands-on experience on Angular 5+/RxJS, React/Redux, Single Page Applications JavaScript ES6/ES7/ES8/ES9/ES10; HTML5/CSS3, Async/Await, Ajax Ionic Cordova, xCode, Android Studio. CSS pre-processors such as Less/Sass/Scss, Flexbox and Grid: Responsive Design & UI Layout frameworks like Bootstrap, Material UI, Tailwind Client-side Unit testing and e2e frameworks nu89 and tools: Jasmine, Mocha, Karma, PhantomJS Mastery of UI build, Packaging and Optimization tools: npm, webpack, JS library structure, and JS library packaging & optimization Expertise in caching, minification, bundling techniques to improve frontend performance Deep understanding of Web Accessibility Computer science fundamentals: data structures, algorithms, Object-Oriented Design and Design Patterns Integration Experience & Knowledge Node.js Express, Next.js and Passport as a backend framework and MongoDb RESTful services, microservices, micro-frontends, and GraphQL One or more Server-side UI technologies: JSP, JSF, PHP HTML5 Messaging, XHR2, Websockets CDN Integration to optimize resource bandwidth Google Tag Manager page and event tagging Frontend monitoring tools to troubleshoot errors and recognize performance bottlenecks. Familiar with Agile methodologies (Scrum / Kanban) Excellent communicator to express technical knowledge across groups in both Business and IT, online and in-person. Excellent at documenting technical designs and concepts Fluent in English 
ScrapedJobID1007:
API design and development UI design and development Business logic development Thorough application testing Build, distribution, and integration support Java/Kotlin, Swift, Objective-C, C, C++ Current knowledge with either Android or iOS programming (or both!) Experience building and designing highly scalable solutions Experience with open source or research projects Experience with automated unit and integration testing Security algorithms and protocols Startup experience Version control (Git, Gerrit) Development on Mac machines B.Sc. or M.Sc. in computer science or related field Strong (>3 years) experience in mobile development with exposure to both UI and system-level development in a professional team environment And/Or, strong (>5 years) server-side or web development experience, motivated to switch to mobile development Able to architect and develop robust, maintainable systems, not just hack together code for one-off projects Strong desire to learn and work with new mobile technologies and architectures Passionate about your work and creating quality solutions Agile development experience Strong team player All applicants must be legal to work in Canada Unlimietd Vacation Time !! Stock Options 
ScrapedJobID1008:
Post-secondary degree in Computer Science (or related) and 5+ years OSS/BSS development experience Experience and strong knowledge of Pro*C Experience and strong knowledge of PL/SQL Experience and strong knowledge of Oracle Forms Experience and strong knowledge of Unix/Linux Unit Testing experience Strong oral and written communication skills Ability to apply creative thinking to technology issues Team player with great communication and interpersonal skills Intellectually curious with innovative and creative problem-solving skills Well organized and able to work under deadlines and multiple projects Highly motivated self-starter with demonstrated initiative and the ability to work well with minimal supervision Able to work effectively and productively with other developers, system integrators and teams across Ligado Someone who understands the importance of documentation and process Experience evaluating COTS solutions Experience developing web applications using HTML & JavaScript Virtualization (Cloud, VMware, AWS) Experience with the any of the following Applications: ServiceNow, SharePoint & Smartsheet 
ScrapedJobID1009:
Analyze, design, configure, administer and manage MS Dynamics CRM; Create, modify and maintain functionalities of Microsoft Dynamics CRM; Actively engaged in the projects assigned to you: creating timelines, tasks definition and distribution, code review, implementation Guide, support and coach junior colleagues, consultants and offshore teams involved in the projects Work with a User Experience (UX) Specialist to enhance the user experience of MS Dynamics CRM; Extend the Dynamics CRM platform by using the supported API and C#.Net (e.g., Develop plug-ins for Dynamics CRM); Create and maintain SSRS Reports; Analyze, program and optimize database queries; Document programming changes and prepare user documentation; May be called upon to analyze, maintain and optimize SQL data bases and internet information services (IIS). Bachelor’s degree or college diploma in Computer Science (with complementary experience). 5 years’ experience in a similar position. Experience in development team coordination, an asset. Experience in project management, an asset Experience in customization and development of a CRM, Dynamics and asset. Experience with relational databases (SQL Server), programming languages (C#, ASP.NET, .NET Core). Web programming (JavaScript, HTML5, jQuery, Web Services, HTML and CSS). Familiar with Microsoft Dynamics Navision software, an asset. Sound knowledge of object-oriented programming concepts. (S.O.L.I.D. Principles) Sound knowledge in unit testing (MSBuild, XUnit) Experience with CI/CD Analyser, concevoir, configurer, administrer et gérer MS Dynamics CRM; Créer, modifier et maintenir les fonctionnalités de Microsoft Dynamics CRM; Activement engagé dans les projets qui vous sont confiés: création de délais, définition et distribution des tâches, revue de code, implémentation Guider, accompagner et coacher les collègues juniors, les consultants et les équipes offshore impliqués dans les projets Travailler avec un spécialiste de l'expérience utilisateur (UX) pour améliorer l'expérience utilisateur de MS Dynamics CRM; Étendre la plate-forme Dynamics CRM en utilisant l'API et C # .Net pris en charge (par exemple, Développer des plug-ins pour Dynamics CRM); Créer et maintenir des rapports SSRS; Analyser, programmer et optimiser les requêtes de base de données; Documenter les changements de programmation et préparer la documentation utilisateur; Peut être appelé à analyser, maintenir et optimiser des bases de données SQL et des services d'information Internet (IIS). Baccalauréat ou diplôme collégial en informatique (avec une expérience complémentaire). 5 ans d’expérience dans un poste similaire. Expérience en coordination d'équipe de développement, un atout. Expérience en gestion de projet, un atout Expérience de la personnalisation et du développement d'un CRM, de la dynamique et d'un actif. Expérience des bases de données relationnelles (SQL Server), des langages de programmation (C #, ASP.NET, .NET Core). Programmation Web (JavaScript, HTML5, jQuery, Web Services, HTML et CSS). Connaissance du logiciel Microsoft Dynamics Navision, un atout. Bonne connaissance des concepts de programmation orientée objet. (Principes S.O.L.I.D.) Bonne connaissance des tests unitaires (MSBuild, XUnit) Expérience avec CI / CD Capable d'établir des priorités, de respecter les délais et de travailler dans un environnement au rythme rapide. Très bonnes compétences en communication orale et écrite Analytique et attention aux détails. Leadership et autonome. Esprit d'équipe. Microsoft Dynamics CRM, un atout NET (3.5+) avec C #, y compris WCF et WF. ASP.NET Core, API Web Microsoft ASP.NET. Protocoles Rest et SOAP. Azure DevOps. Microsoft Internet Information Server (IIS). SQL Server 2012-2016 et SSRS. Workflow, Microsoft Active Directory. 
ScrapedJobID1010:
Extend and optimize existing PHP-based integration of BigBlueButton (Moodle, Wordpress) Work closely with Technical Support Staff in solving issues related to integrations with BigBlueButton Participate in the public support forums to help other developers building upon BigBlueButton Participate in the public support forums to help users to solve problems related to the integrations with BigBlueButton Work closely with other internal and external teams on the development and maintenance of Open Source components Prototype using alternative message buses other than redis pub/sub Bachelor degree in Computer Science or equivalent industry experience 1-3 years experience in creating applications using PHP (include education and co-op work-experience) Proficient at the Linux command line (bash) and using git for source code management Experience in developing applications web-based applications with PHP Ability to demonstrate your skills in PHP (a github account showing that you have been active lately) You have written plugins for Moodle Experience with designing and implementing REST APIs Experience in doing code reviews, software testing Experience using automated testing frameworks Prior experience working in on SaaS infrastructure stack on AWS or GCE Experience in Ruby or Python, bash scripting Experience working with Kubernetes (or equivalent orchestration framework) Experience with GitHub Actions 
ScrapedJobID1011:
A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering equivalent professional experience is required. Minimum 10 years of related industry experience Passion for improving the customer experience Familiarity of Agile (Scum/Kanban) practices and concepts Familiarity with HTML/JavaScript, TypeScript, React (or other modern front-end frameworks). Strong knowledge of C# (or Java and interest in learning C#), Web API, REST, Micro Services Strong Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) skills. Experience with Object Relational Mappers such as Entity Framework or Dapper Extensive experience with writing RESTful APIs and web development best practices. Must be able to write clean, well-factored code based on S.O.L.I.D. principles. Experience in writing, analyzing, and tuning well-performing TSQL queries. Experience with Test Driven Development is an asset. Understanding Object-Relational Mappers such as Entity Framework. General cloud-computing concepts (AWS). Experience with microservice architectures. Work in an Agile (Scrum/Kanban) environment and be involved in all technical activities within the team such as estimation, sprint planning, software development life cycle activities, code reviews, research, and documentation. Participate in a cross-functional team tackling exciting new features, challenging bugs, and performance issues. Contribute as a full-stack developer, working closely with our back-end and front-end stacks. Ensure software deliverables align with the technical architecture, development standards, and quality practices. Assist in building and executing unit tests. Develop well documented, intent-revealing code. Assist in monitoring the team’s code in a live environment. Participate in a learning environment through collaboration, knowledge sharing, and leadership. Work within your agile team to gather production metrics and stakeholder feedback using them to iterate and grow your team’s projects. Software
Experience In at least 6 years of experience with/in TypeScript
Experience In at least 8 years of experience with/in C# Experience In at least 6 years of experience with/in TypeScript Experience In at least 8 years of experience with/in C# 
ScrapedJobID1012:
Lead a team of remote engineers Collaborate with stakeholders and partners across teams and departments Write performant, maintainable code that is easy to read and well-documented Write automated tests to thoroughly validate the correctness of your code Deploy large-scale web applications Have a focus on quality, and operate iteratively to get from good to better Be a part of your team's on-call rotation; we all own our code end-to-end from development to deployment to operations Come ready to learn from some of the best and brightest in the industry Work independently and collaboratively in a dynamic and fast-moving team Be effective in a team environment working with fellow engineers, product management, and design Experience with React or similar UI frameworks (e.g. Vue, AngularJS) Experience with Ruby on Rails or similar web frameworks (e.g. Django) Experience with deployment systems (e.g. CodeShip, AWS CodeDeploy) Familiarity with AWS Services (e.g. RDS, Kinesis, EC2, Lambda, et cetera) Familiarity with the Linux Operating System and command-line tools Understanding of OO design, algorithms, and data structures Familiarity with implementing e-commerce solutions is beneficial Aptitude to quickly learn new languages and technologies as necessary Computer Science or related degree Once in a lifetime opportunity to help revolutionize how the world learns! Fun, collaborative, and team-oriented work environment with plenty of training and a feedback rich culture Remote friendly Hackfest! Work-life balance Healthcare Plans (Medical, Dental, Vision, Life) 401k Company Matching Plan Flexible PTO plus a floating holiday (for your birthday!) Paid VTO ("Volunteer Time Off" to do community service/charity work) 52 hours of Free Learning Sessions per year for you or immediate families members and free access to our Virtual School Day classes and School@Home program Collaborative, and team-oriented work environment Try a free trial of our Live Learning Platform here: https://www.varsitytutors.com/freetrial 
ScrapedJobID1013:
Work collaboratively with the team to create and maintain an automated ‘build and test’ process. Writing robust and reusable test components that are used by multiple internal teams Use quality best practices and programming skills to explore, drive, and implement test automation solutions and testing tools. Analyze and troubleshoot production issues by automating and reproducing them in a non-production environment. Plan, create, and implement strategies/solutions for feature validations and test automation. Collaborate and mentor team members on testing tools and test techniques Assist in creating and implementing a QA automation roadmap Maintain product quality by enforcing quality assurance policies and procedures Proven experience and comfortability programming experience in Python Understanding of Object Oriented Programming Experience with Selenium; specifically using Selenium directly as opposed to a wrapper framework like Cypress; using Selenium for Dynamic Web Applications (or SPA) Experience reviewing code, we do a lot of paired coding here and are always actively reviewing the work our team is doing. A desire and passion for working in a collaborative feedback-driven environment. An excitement about accessibility and ensuring our code is accessible as possible. Experience working with Cloud Architecture (ideally AWS, Saucelabs or BrowserStack) CI/CD tooling experience, Jenkins would be great! Experience with logging solutions, ideally ELK stacks or CloudWatch Growth mindset Curious Analytical Accountable Problem solver Relationship builder Influencer Extended health care Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID1014:
Development of Windows Azure Cloud projects. Implement Industry best practices in design, coding and ensure Quality. Work closely with other software and hardware engineers to solve design issues. Responsible for Coding, Bug Fixing, Unit Testing, & Software Configuration. Interfacing software applications with other devices and control systems. Providing relevant documentation. Assist team(s) in providing the right approach, coding & design standards. Perform peer code reviews to detect any anomalies during development. Take complete ownership of Development and maintenance Needs to have a good exposure to Frontend development. Developing javascript based functions and UI elements using SVG, Images etc Microsoft Azure , ASP .NET, C# ,Full Stack Developer, JavaScript(Any framework) Monday to Friday Full Stack Developer: 6 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1015:
Support the developers in delivering serverless web applications leveraging AWS Cloud Technologies (Lambda, API Gateway, Cognito, EMR, Batch, Elasticsearch, DynamoDB, RDS, EKS, MKS, S3, Redshift) Participate in development of analytics and web applications for underwriting & pricing solutions (AWS Elastic Kubernetes Service, Fargate, ECS, Kakfa, Docker, EKS on Fargate) Build monitoring and reporting dashboards for various web applications (AWS Elasticsearch, Kibana, Cloudwatch, Lambda) Create and maintain CI/CD pipelines for all web applications (Azure Devops, git) Create and maintain infrastructure as code (Cloud Formation, Terraform) Develop and support Interoperability APIs and Microservice applications Plan and estimate development tasks Conduct unit testing on developed code, with automated testing where relevant. Implement AWS resources following security, networking and compliance standards Create and maintain build and release DevOps pipelines Create security and compliance auto-remediation system (Lambda, SNS, Cloudwatch, Config, Guard Duty, Organizations) Automate and Govern resource creation in AWS with CloudFormation templates and AWS Service Catalog Create CloudFormation templates to use as infrastructure as code Experience with Cloud Computing Services (AWS preferred) Experience with Cloud Formation and/or Terraform Experience maintaining a Kubernetes environment Coding experience with Python Experience with SQL Understanding of Object Oriented Design Ability to work under pressure within a fast paced team Strong communication skills and willingness to take initiative Graduated in program in Computer Science/Engineering, Software Engineering, or similar Knowledge of version control such as git Understanding of task queuing and distributed systems Experience with agile development methodology & software developer life cycle Desire to learn new technologies (VueJS, ReactJS, Python, AWS, Docker, Serverless Architecture, AWS Lambdas, AWS Fargate, AWS EKS, AWS EMR, DynamoDB) Knowledge of ELK stack (ElasticSearch, LogStash & Kibana) and Github would be a bonus Knowledge and use of Github Immediate. Permanent and full-time. 
ScrapedJobID1016:
3+ years working with React. 3+ years working with NodeJS. 5+ years in javascript/typescript development. Good experience with unit testing frameworks in React and NodeJS. Experience working on high traffic websites. Experience with collaboration tools such as JIRA and Confluence. Some knowledge of RESTful API principles. Experience with NestJs. Experience with Google Cloud Platform. Self-motivated with strong team spirit. Strong work ethic. Ability to work independently with little supervision as well as ability to coordinate and collaborate within a team. Excellent multi-tasking skills. Ability to communicate well to both technical and non-technical staff. Excellent knowledge of pure JavaScript. Excellent knowledge of REST principles and API architecture. Extensive experience with HTML 5, CSS 3 and responsive web development. Knowledge and practical experience with agile methodologies, particularly SCRUM. Good cross-browser and cross-device development experience. Good awareness of best practice user interface design principles. Excellent communication skills - verbal and written. Building JavaScript SPAs using React. Building supporting NodeJS+NestJs backends with integration with other external APIs and Google Cloud Platform. Hands on responsive web development using HTML5 and CSS. Designing and implementing unit tests to validate the functionality is implemented correctly. Managing and improving current sites in line with changing business requirements. Assist in defining software architecture and user interface design approaches. Implementing accurate and reliable code in time according to specification to deliver needed functionality. Remain current to Web sites and mobile trends in design and technology. Someone with passion for creating efficient and effective UIs for an enterprise-level SaaS platform and has a high standard of quality in that regard. Working in a fast-paced organization using Agile/Scrum methodology to deliver excellent solutions for our demanding customer service and operations requirements. 
ScrapedJobID1017:
Collaborate with stakeholders, understanding business opportunities, collecting relevant information, and bringing insights to their strategy. Develop backend applications (with Python or Java), and frontend web applications (React). Fixing bugs and provide required support. Work on improvements for business products. Bachelor"s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related. At least 2-3 years of experience in the field. Experience working on end-to-end full-stack applications Proficient in Python or Java, and web development. Experience with relational databases and document stores. Attention to detail. Great communication skills and willingness to learn. Contact with Linux with version control. Cloud experience on Google Cloud or AWS. Containerization in Docker or Kubernetes. Experience with highly available distributed systems Collaborer avec les parties prenantes, comprendre les opportunités commerciales, collecter les informations pertinentes et apporter des informations à leur stratégie. Développer des applications backend (avec Python ou Java), et des applications web frontend (React). Corriger les bugs et fournir le support requis. Travailler sur des améliorations pour les produits d'affaires. Baccalauréat en informatique, en génie ou dans un domaine connexe. Au moins 2-3 ans d'expérience dans le domaine. Expérience de travail sur des applications full-stack de bout en bout. Maîtrise de Python ou Java, et du développement web. Expérience avec les bases de données relationnelles et les magasins de documents. Souci du détail. Excellentes capacités de communication et volonté d'apprendre. Contact avec Linux avec contrôle de version. Expérience cloud sur Google Cloud ou AWS. Conteneurisation dans Docker ou Kubernetes. Expérience avec des systèmes distribués hautement disponibles 
ScrapedJobID1018:
JAVA 1.7/1.8 /J2EE, Spring MVC, HTML5, JQuery or ReactJS, Schema, SQL, Version Control System (RTC/GIT preferred), OOPS, and Hibernate. Agile methodology At least 7+ years experience in JAVA/J2EE development and Deployment experience At least 5 years experience in Angular/Node.js, HTML5/Spring MVC/JSP/JQuery or ReactJS, RESTful Services, CI/CD Pipeline Experience in WebServices or Microservices Very good knowledge of the development life-cycle and to have practical experience with Agile framework; Knowledge of: SOAP Web Services or developing Microservices using SpringBoot, XML, XML Schema, JAX, Design patterns, OOAD. Proven record of work experience in large, geographically distributed teams; Experience in task assignment and coaching for junior programmers; Good skills for time and task management are required; Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1019:
Post-secondary degree in Computer Science (or related) and 5+ years OSS/BSS development experience Experience and strong knowledge of Pro*C Experience and strong knowledge of PL/SQL Experience and strong knowledge of Oracle Forms Experience and strong knowledge of Unix/Linux Unit Testing experience Strong oral and written communication skills Ability to apply creative thinking to technology issues Team player with great communication and interpersonal skills Intellectually curious with innovative and creative problem-solving skills Well organized and able to work under deadlines and multiple projects Highly motivated self-starter with demonstrated initiative and the ability to work well with minimal supervision Able to work effectively and productively with other developers, system integrators and teams across Ligado Someone who understands the importance of documentation and process Experience evaluating COTS solutions Experience developing web applications using HTML & JavaScript Virtualization (Cloud, VMware, AWS) Experience with the any of the following Applications: ServiceNow, SharePoint & Smartsheet 
ScrapedJobID1020:
Design and implement great features and high-quality code Contribute to the design, implementation, and scaling of our cloud-based machine Basic knowledge and strong interest in Machine learning, Deep learning, and data Collaborate with a team of developers, researcher, and data scientists to implement Work closely with the engineering, assurance quality and product teams Bachelor or master’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or similar Minimum of 5 years of relevant experience designing and developing scalable Experience of building scalable backend systems using micro-services/cloud Experience designing and building REST APIs that supports many clients Proficiency in a Linux environment Knowledge and experience with Python and the Scientific Python stack (numpy, scipy, SQL and NoSQL databases experience Familiar with Web API documentation and modeling tools such as Swagger/OpenAPI Familiar with cloud technologies and platforms such as: Docker, Kafka, Spark, MQTT, Fluent in English since you will participate in our agile software process (scrum, sprint Familiarity with agile development and tools such as JIRA Experience with IoT services Familiar with startup environments The opportunity to join an innovative team focused on one objective: to become the A user-oriented team that lets you learn, innovate and share The chance to make a difference within a fast-paced organization Being an active participant in the growth of a Montreal-based AI start-up An employee stock option plan. Concevoir et mettre en œuvre d'excellentes fonctionnalités et un code de haute qualité Contribuer à la conception, à la mise en œuvre et à la mise à l'échelle de notre machine basée sur le cloud Connaissances de base et intérêt marqué pour l'apprentissage automatique, l'apprentissage en profondeur et les données Collaborer avec une équipe de développeurs, de chercheurs et de scientifiques des données pour mettre en œuvre Travailler en étroite collaboration avec les équipes d'ingénierie, d'assurance qualité et de produit Baccalauréat ou maîtrise en informatique, génie logiciel ou similaire Minimum de 5 ans d'expérience pertinente dans la conception et le développement évolutif Expérience de la création de systèmes backend évolutifs à l'aide de micro-services/cloud Expérience de la conception et de la création d'API REST prenant en charge de nombreux clients Maîtrise d'un environnement Linux Connaissance et expérience avec Python et la pile scientifique Python (numpy, scipy, Expérience des bases de données SQL et NoSQL Familiarité avec la documentation de l'API Web et les outils de modélisation tels que Swagger/OpenAPI Familiarité avec les technologies et plateformes cloud telles que : Docker, Kafka, Spark, MQTT, Anglais courant puisque vous participerez à notre processus logiciel agile (scrum, sprint Familiarité avec le développement agile et les outils tels que JIRA Expérience avec les services IoT Familier avec les environnements de démarrage L'opportunité de rejoindre une équipe innovante centrée sur un objectif : devenir le Une équipe orientée utilisateur qui vous permet d'apprendre, d'innover et de partager La chance de faire la différence au sein d'une organisation en évolution rapide Être un participant actif dans la croissance d'une start-up d'IA basée à Montréal Un plan d'options sur actions pour les employés. 
ScrapedJobID1021:

ScrapedJobID1022:
Provide technical direction involves establishing a technical vision, resolving technical disagreements and managing the technical quality of project Design, develop, review code, implement, and maintain large scale applications Deliver scalable, reusable, testable and clean code with proper commenting and version control Involve in recruiting talent and carry out onboarding process for new team members enough experience to lead a small team of 5-6 people. be able to do both frontend and backend for web & cloud applications. Bit more frontend focused. knowledge of UI design and understanding of UX & workflow. 5+ years of production level experience with our main tech stack: JavaScript ES6+, React, Angular, Node.js, PHP, Python . experience with Google Cloud Platform or other major cloud services (e.g. AWS, Azure) . strong experience with virtualization and containerization (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes), Jenkins/Bamboo build jobs, CI/CD pipelines Provide technical direction involves establishing a technical vision, resolving technical disagreements and managing the technical quality of project Design, develop, review code, implement, and maintain large scale applications Deliver scalable, reusable, testable and clean code with proper commenting and version control Involve in recruiting talent and carry out onboarding process for new team members enough experience to lead a small team of 5-6 people. be able to do both frontend and backend for web & cloud applications. Bit more frontend focused. knowledge of UI design and understanding of UX & workflow. 5+ years of production level experience with our main tech stack: JavaScript ES6+, React, Angular, Node.js, PHP, Python . experience with Google Cloud Platform or other major cloud services (e.g. AWS, Azure) . strong experience with virtualization and containerization (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes), Jenkins/Bamboo build jobs, CI/CD pipelines 
ScrapedJobID1023:
3+ years of professional experience in software development Good understanding of front-end technologies, including HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery Experience building user interfaces for websites and/or web applications Experience designing and developing responsive design websites Comfortable working with debugging tools like Firebug, Chrome inspector, etc. Ability to understand CSS changes and their ramifications to ensure consistent style across platforms and browsers Ability to convert comprehensive layout and wireframes into working HTML pages Knowledge of how to interact with RESTful APIs and formats (JSON, XML) Proficient understanding of code versioning tools Experience with system architecture or leading a software team is a strong advantage 
ScrapedJobID1024:
You'll build high-impact, customer-facing features in our award-winning cloud management platform. The problem domain that we work on is interesting and always evolving. We integrate with and utilize modern hybrid cloud technologies such as AWS, Azure, Terraform, and containers. Customers use our product every day to solve real problems. The product is a critical part of the Snow portfolio, and our work feels relevant and important. We have a commitment to always improve. Problems are actioned, not ignored. We encourage the team to question what we do and how we do it. Colleagues are smart, helpful, and kind. Cross functional teams ensure that there are no silos. We believe that work/life balance is important. We provide flexibility in work hours and the ability to work from home. Work in teams and individually to implement product functionality - design, code, unit test, integration tests Participate in requirements analysis and feature definition Contribute to system architecture design Find simple ways to solve complex problems that provide high customer value Experience building modern Java-based web applications preferred A proven history of delivering customer impacting features in an agile environment Experience with some of the following would definitely be an asset: Application technology: Spring, Hibernate, Angular, PrimeFaces Data modelling and DB query optimization RESTful web services Public cloud (AWS, Azure, Google) Virtualization (VMware, Microsoft Hyper-V) Containers (Docker, Kubernetes) A great balance of confidence and humility Argue like you're right and listen like you're not Craves openness and feedback A self-starter who thrives in a self-organizing team Seeks out area of improvement and contribute to growth of the team A willingness to express opinions, make mistakes, and learn quickly 
ScrapedJobID1025:
Building responsive and dynamic websites for clients. Working as designers to implement visual interfaces. Designing and implementing new features and functionality. Establishing and guiding the website's architecture. Ensuring high-performance and availability and managing all technical aspects of the CMS. Helping formulate an effective responsive design and turning it into a working theme and plugin Possibility for some design if interested. Proficiency in Adobe Creative Cloud (Photoshop, Adobe XD) or similar platforms to wireframe designs for presentation. Understanding of Word press and builders. Understanding of current web standards, principles, and best practices with regards to digital marketing, display ads, and social media. Excellent understanding of front-end technologies, including HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery. Strong understanding of PHP back-end development. Experience building user interfaces for websites and/or web applications. Experience designing and developing responsive design websites. Ability to understand CSS changes and their ramifications to ensure consistent style across platforms and browsers. Ability to convert comprehensive layout and wireframes into working HTML pages. Proficiency in Word press, WooCommerce, Elementor. E-Commerce strategy or experience. Ability to clearly communicate ideas and collaborate at all levels. Photography and video editing skills a plus. 
ScrapedJobID1026:

ScrapedJobID1027:
Minimum of 7 years experience Experience working with .NET Strong written and oral communication skills Solid understanding of business objectives and processes and how technology can be leveraged to deliver business results 
ScrapedJobID1028:
Travailler de pair les demandeurs des lignes d’affaires, avec les analystes TI et techniciens au support afin de comprendre les demandes, concevoir et livrer une solution répondant aux exigences exprimées Agir à titre de d’analyste-programmeur web avec langage Windev, développement front et back-end Analyser les demandes de changement et les anomalies, coder, tester et implanter du code de qualité Assurer le contrôle de qualité sur les changements effectués et les documenter DEC / Baccalauréat en informatique, génie logiciel ou équivalent 3-5 ans d’expérience pertinente Expérience démontrée en Windev, développement orienté-objet Expérience de base en C#, ASP.Net ou .NetCore Expérience en développement d’API et web services, un atout Connaissances des bonnes pratiques de développement logiciels Tu aimes les défis et résoudre des problématiques qui te font évoluer Tu fais preuve d’initiative, d’autonomie et de flexibilité dans le travail Tu aimes échanger avec tes collègues, partager tes expériences et trouvaille et bénéficier de l’expérience des autres Tu gères bien tes priorités pour organiser tes tâches et travailler sur plus d’un dossier à la fois Employee assistance program Life insurance Monday to Friday windev: 3 years (required) French (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1029:
Help estimate effort of engineering tasks Ensure your code is well tested, programmatically and manually Develop any new features Participate in daily/weekly meetings Debug and fix production issues Work closely with other developers Promote best practices for software development and security Mentor and provide code review for other developers Research new technologies and actively contribute to systems design Test changes to our software to ensure a high level of quality Provide technical assistance to our customer success team You will be onboarded with the engineering team and meet your fellow team members and get a sense of how you will fit within the company You will be introduced to our applications and repos You will jump in right away and participate in code reviews You will understand the product roadmap and how your role is a part of this roadmap You are a part of our Pair Program with team members to build your skillset and knowledgebase You are confident and have already shipped your code to Production You have attended support team “ride alongs” You will have a clear understanding of the full breadth of our application and tech stack You are already leading the way with your team on a large project 6+ years of professional experience as a back-end developer Key skills in building high-reliability Python applications Knowledge of cloud platforms, containers and Kubernetes Knowledge of JS and frameworks such as React and Angular Bachelors or advanced degree in IT, computer science, engineering, business, design, human-computer interaction or related field or equivalent work experience Ability to convincingly articulate complex analytical ideas in a simple way to a variety of key stakeholders from different functions Strong leader, educator, and coaching skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Knowledge of Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CD/CI) pipelines Experience working in an agile environment with code review. Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID1030:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information technology, or engineering 5+ years of experience building web applications Experience or knowledge of Elixir or Ruby on Rails, Phoenix Framework, Tailwind CSS, and JavaScript Experience designing and integrating RESTful APIs Excellent debugging and optimization skills Experience with multiple cloud providers (AWS, GCP, Azure) Unit/integration testing experience Interest in learning new tools, languages, workflows, and philosophies to grow The flexibility required to work in an entrepreneurial environment, where priorities can change quickly Strong teamwork and communication skills Work across the full stack, building solutions that enable positive user experiences and measurable business growth Develop new features and infrastructure in support of rapidly emerging business and project requirements Assume leadership of new projects from conceptualization to deployment Ensure application performance, uptime, and scale, maintaining a high standard of code quality and thoughtful application design Work with agile development methodologies, adhering to best practices and pursuing continued learning opportunities Participate in all aspects of agile software development including design, implementation, and deployment Software
Experience In at least 5 years of experience with/in JavaScript API
Experience In at least 5 years of experience with/in Full Stack Developer Experience In at least 5 years of experience with/in JavaScript API Experience In at least 5 years of experience with/in Full Stack Developer 
ScrapedJobID1031:
Remote opportunity Fun collaborate team Competitive rates The enjoyment of working with a small and focused team Collaborative environment Work with the full application layers Working in an Agile environment 5+ years of web development experience in Python using Django Experience working with VueJS Experience working in a Posix environment like Linux and OS X Experience and comfortable using Git Experience with testing, TDD, and continuous integration Experience with database principles using ORM Knowledge user experience and user interface design Experience developing single page applications Experience with React and/or Angular Experience with HTML and CSS Experience with Docker and Kubernetes/OpenShift 
ScrapedJobID1032:
You want to contribute technologically to the reduction of worldwide carbon emissions You want to help build a distributed power generation network You want to interact with a modern tech stack You want to contribute to the adoption of our end user applications You will have significant responsibility and influence in shaping the applications you build. We are looking for someone to iterate quickly on all stages from development to production, including bringing new products to market. Ability to execute front end and back end development throughout the entire development process. Driving continuous improvements from leveraging modern tools and frameworks that enables us to release more frequently. Successful candidates will have strong engineering skills and communication, and a belief that data driven processes lead to great products. You will need to have a passion for quality and an ability to understand complex systems. Above all you should be passionate about solving real world problems, and brining value to the applications you create. Implement web applications that meet market needs and are easily extended with evolving business needs – front end and back end development Review project ideas and provide technology input, prescribing appropriate application solutions, which balance business requirements with Generac’s technology standards to arrive at the optimal solution. Maintain technical expertise in emerging technical trends. Write user and technical specifications in line with business needs. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field 5+ years software engineering experience including 3+ years experience programming in Java 3+ years experience as a JavaScript developer 2+ years experience with TypeScript and React.js / React Native and frameworks (such as Flux or Redux) Experience writing and debugging SQL queries Adept in building microservices using Java and developing REST APIs Knowledge of deploying applications in AWS ( S3, ECS, Lambda, etc ) Experience building scalable infrastructure software or distributed systems for commercial online services Experience with AWS services EC2, ECS, serverless computing, EBS, RDS, S3, IAM Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases Experience with JavaScript and building Single Page Apps Knowledge of CI/CD tools and processes; Git, Jenkins, Maven, CircleCI Comprehensive medical benefits Employer RRSP contribution matching Unlimited vacation (and we genuinely encourage you to use it) Work-from-home flexibility Spacious new office in the heart of downtown Vancouver 
ScrapedJobID1033:

ScrapedJobID1034:
Developing new user-facing features using React and Typescript Building maintainable, modular, reusable components and front-end libraries for future use Translating designs and wireframes into high-quality code Helping design a rich, modern, simplified user experience Training and mentoring other front-end developers on the team Work with modern browser APIs, targeting the latest versions of Chrome and Firefox Solve difficult technical challenges in scaling a massive codebase Use modern development APIs such as React Suspense and Hooks, Web Assembly and Workers Work alongside a world-class financial engineering team Strong proficiency in JavaScript (Typescript a plus, all our front-end code is written in TS) Thorough understanding of React and its core principles Familiarity with RESTful APIs Familiarity with SCSS, or other styling systems and solid general understanding of CSS Experience with common front-end development tools such as Webpack, Jest, etc. Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements Strong Computer Science fundamentals Familiarity with Git, GitHub, Git Flow Experience with iOS (Swift) or Android (Kotlin) development Financial service experience is a plus Experience with chart libraries like High charts and Material UI BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience Opportunity to join a fast-growing Fintech startup experiencing hyper-growth Working every day at a company where your voice is valued and given importance Work with shiny happy people Competitive base salary with bonus Comprehensive healthcare benefits and vacation package Flexible hours, 3 days per week working from home before Covid-19. During the pandemic, we are 100% remote Experience Fintech without seeing people with ties and grey suits Mac or Windows: choose what suits you 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID1035:
Develop Web Services to be consumed by B2B partners using Web API or WCF technologies depending on the application architecture. Write server side web application code with C# / ASP.NET / MVC based on the design. Develop optimized code in C# and SQL server Implement client-side code using JavaScript, jQuery, and Typescript frameworks to provide the website users with dynamic and responsive user experiences Work with Azure cloud services (IAAS, PAAS) for modern application 3+ years with C#, ASP.NET and MVC 3+ years with jQuery, JSON, JS, CSS and Telerik / kendo controls 3+ years writing Stored Procs and DB knowledge ( SQL Server ) 2+ years with Asynchronous Programming using C# 2+ years with Typescript and HTML5 1+ years with .NET Core, PAAS and Micro Services 
ScrapedJobID1036:

ScrapedJobID1037:
Be customer focused - learn about the business and help bring value to our customers Design, implement, and test new functionality Be a part of a small team, consisting of 3 developers, a QA specialist and shared resources like PMs and a Manager Follow Agile development methodologies Work closely with QA - we find and fix our own bugs Work with Product Management and UX to deliver material value to our clients Do full stack development from the DB to the UI Use your experience to help the whole team get better Full stack development experience A hunger for solving problems Formal education in Software Development is appreciated, but not necessary with the right background Java Backend Spring Boot Services WebLogic Oracle SQL Database React, GWT, jQuery, Spring, TypeScript Tools Gradle IntelliJ IDEA JRebel Splunk VS Code Atlassian Suite of Products 
ScrapedJobID1038:
Our Client is growing at an incredible pace even during these uncertain times and are continuing to scale out their Toronto office. You will be a key contributor to their goal of accelerating the way space providers and occupiers plan, market, lease and manage space. As such, you will: Work closely with engineers, product managers, designers, QA, and other business partners to discover and solve challenges for our customers. Collaborate with other engineers to incrementally craft high quality products and APIs for our customers (we deploy multiple times a day) Have organization wide impact through your work, departmental initiatives like brown bags and recruiting, being a mentor or on-boarding buddy, etc. 5 years+ professional experience Product software/SaaS experience (focus on large scalable tech, lots of users) MEAN/MERN Stack Agile software process and software design Experience delivering high-quality web applications for the consumer or enterprise. Strongly values automated testing and implements good testing practices. Experience architecting solutions to problems in a thoughtful way - limiting number of technologies, ability to justify decisions, can articulate trade-offs well, etc. Experience presenting technical projects and problems to non-technical folks and the ability to explain and justify the business reasons. 
ScrapedJobID1039:
Participates in daily stand-up, sprint planning, sprint review and retrospective Participates in discussions of business requirements and solution design Reviews existing codes to gain thorough understanding of application logic and business rules Implements major enhancements to existing mission-critical FoxPro desktop application and web application for Mortgage sector Implements code changes to other sectors’ FoxPro applications based on business needs such as change requests, enhancement and performance improvement Performs thorough web security, system integration, regression, functional and performance tests, keep track defects and fix them promptly Creates ETL jobs to transfer FoxPro data to SQL database for reporting purposes Provides application support and user support after production implementation At least 5-years strong experience in developing and maintaining FoxPro Desktop & Web applications (database design and optimization, development, forms, reports, integration). Has good experience writing secure codes, using security scanner to identify security vulnerabilities and fixing vulnerabilities Experience working in SCRUM or iterative development environment Has extensive experience in providing user support and production support Strong problem-solving, troubleshooting and resolution skills are mandatory Good communication skills and interpersonal skills are mandatory Must be able to take ownership and take initiative, work well both independently and as part of team. Must have strong learning capability to quickly pick up business domain knowledge and additional technique skills and willingness to share knowledge with team members. Experience and knowledge of OO design and programming is an asset Working experience in financial industry or regulatory bodies (especially Insurance) and government agency is valuable. 
ScrapedJobID1040:

ScrapedJobID1041:
A competitive salary A great place to work with free parking, a dynamic team and cohesion. Its near to public transit Flexible working hours and the possibility to work from home. We will pay an allowance per month for any sports-related activity that keeps you in shape. Your health and wellbeing are important ! We’ll even pay for your membership fees if you are in a specific field governed by an Order. We pay 50% of your insurance plan’s cost. Offices are all over the world with the possibility of mobility We organize lots of social activities Design/Code/Test build Java/JEE software supporting Web UI/Ajax and REST web services Assists/help quality assurance team in delivering the highest level of quality Use techniques/patterns for scaling and upping the Orchestrator performance levels Bring up ideas/suggestions on how to accomplish goals. Strong design skills in realizing scalable software solutions is definitely an asset. 3 years of JDK 8 and up experience with JEE practical experience in a customer-facing environment Object oriented design & implementation with design patterns Akin to TDD process or similar experience with Junit/TestNG Debugging and troubleshooting skills in a multi-tiered software platform Java/Spring/Spring boot/Maven/JPA/Spring Rest Application servers such as Glassfish/Payara/WebSphere/WebLogic Relational database design (Oracle/PostgreSQL/MySQL) Experience in web application/Ajax type of user interface Experience with Virtual Machine, Docker containers an asset. Assurance Dentaire Assurance Invalidité Assurance Maladie Complémentaire Assurance Vie Assurance Vision Gym sur place Horaires flexibles Programmes de Bien-être Stationnement sur place Tenue Décontractée Travail à Distance 8 Heures DEC (Obligatoire) Temporairement en raison de la COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1042:
Collaborate with internal business units to understand business goals & objectives Lead by example, developing efficient, high-performance software, implementing front end using ReactJS Conducts code reviews delivered by the team, ensuring high quality Mentors and builds relationships with team members Provide task estimates adjusted for complexity schedules and engineer skill levels Works with the team to break out stories and assigns to team members Defines quality software solutions mindful of performance, scalability and re-usability, in concert with our Enterprise Architect Establish best practices and an architectural roadmap, working closely with our Enterprise Architect & Engineering Leads Investigate and resolve system issues Monitors progress, identifying potential impediments and bottlenecks; steering the course so commitments are held and projects remain on track Contributes to QA efforts where needed Represents RM in settings where deep knowledge of our tech stack is needed such as RFPs, Security Audits, employee on-boarding, etc. Minimum of 5+ years of experience developing web applications in a similar position, implementing applications in a front-end capacity using ReactJS University Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent knowledge/experience Experience with MySQL database Enterprise level Front End development Experience with ReactJS, React-Redux, Redux-Saga Knowledge of latest ReactJS developments. Hooks: useEffect, useState, useReducer Knowledge of Create React APP and Web-pack Awarded - Canada's Best Managed Companies — 2009-2014 Awarded - Deloitte Technology Fast 50 Leadership Award— 2015 Ranked - Deloitte Technology Fast 50 — 2010-2014 Ranked - Deloitte Technology Fast 500 — 2011-2014 Ranked - Branham 300 — 2010-2015 
ScrapedJobID1043:
A BCIC New Ventures Competition Winner Plug and Play Startup Showdown Winner BCIP Innovation Challenge Award Winner Coast Capital Savings Venture Prize Winner A Ready To Rocket Winner 2018 & 2019 Winner of ISIC Disease Classification AI Competition 2018 Member of Canada’s Digital Technology Supercluster Winner of ITAC Ingenious of the Year Awards, 2019 Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent experience 3-5 years experience in software development Collaborate with system engineers, quality assurance and end users to produce cutting-edge software solutions. Proficient in Python application development (Knowledge of Django is a plus). Experience in Backend MVC web application development. Working experience with Linux server administration and scripting languages. Strong experience in relational databases (MySQL preferred). Experience building tools for development automation (building, testing, releasing or monitoring). Experience using source control tools (we use Git). Experience developing networked applications and using or building RESTful APIs. Experience with networking protocols and technologies (SSL, etc.) is a plus. Self-motivated, and good team working skills. Being able to write efficient and well-documented code. Experience in Apache, Memcached and other open source web server software is a plus. Experience in AWS cloud infrastructure is a plus. You are resourceful, a fast learner and curious about the latest tech and industry trends. Enhancing and developing the backend software that powers our platform. Being responsible for tuning, refactoring, and optimizing our databases for high scale should excite you. Creating a repeatable automated deployment process for internal and production environments. Investigating bugs, diagnosing issues, assisting the team in troubleshooting system issues in all environments. Working closely with the engineering team in delivering ongoing releases and updates. Defining and documenting the end-to-end release process. Being involved in making critical decisions that shape our technology stack. Write unit and functional tests for everything you do. 
ScrapedJobID1044:
Contribute as a member of a multi-disciplinary self-organizing Scrum team, including helping estimate work, performing code reviews, testing, problem-solving, and retrospecting to continually improve our effectiveness Build general, tested code, and refactor as you go. You can plan quickly and test quickly - you know the plan will change Own the components that you are building from initial design and architecture all the way to end where it will be put into production adding value to our customers Communicate and work efficiently with technical leads, software architects, cloud operations, and product owners to set expectations and identify risks and opportunities for the business. Minimum 5+ years demonstrated web development experience working in a Frontend, Backend, or Full Stack role Experience with HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript; with a focus on React and Redux is considered an asset Experience with Python, RESTful API design, Azure, Docker, and Kubernetes is considered an asset Experience with 2D/3D Graphics or Visualization (e.g., WebGL, three.js, D3) is considered an asset Experience interacting with a multidisciplinary team Confident oral and written communication skills in English Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to develop and build sustainable working relationships Team-oriented attitude and good conflict management skills Ability to manage your own workload effectively and to work efficiently alongside team members Balanced and informed approach to problem solving Tenacity, persistence and focus with the ability to prioritize between multiple tasks Ability to work in a quickly growing, fast paced, and constantly changing environment No direct reports, but you will frequently be expected to work with developers, designers, marketing, and business leaders Seequent has committed to providing a well-supported and professional office environment A requirement of this role is to have and maintain a significant knowledge, competence, and capability in web development. In addition, you may have opportunities to expand your knowledge in related fields. You will be working with experts in 2D, 3D and 4D visualization and data science as well as database and interface designers. We will invest in providing you with training at various levels, which may include attending conferences and courses. You will also have regular opportunities to develop new skills, and you are encouraged to do so within the time constraints of your role. You are expected to be an expert at self-learning, and to balance this with more specific responsibilities and short-term goals. This role is fully remote during the COVID-19 pandemic and afterwards will be based in Calgary with flexibility to work from home. Our culture places a strong value on keeping a healthy work-life balance. We want you to enjoy life outside of work so that you can enjoy life at work. 
ScrapedJobID1045:

ScrapedJobID1046:
3+ years experience developing production-quality applications 3+ years experience developing and releasing production React / Redux code Experience working on or building a large scale React application Strong ES6+ JavaScript skills Strong CSS and styling skills Strong testing knowledge and experience, especially with React Testing Library/Jest Experience with TypeScript Deep knowledge of web technologies Understanding of responsive design and web standards An Interest in helping evolve our product and practices Ability to work independently and multi-task effectively A desire stay current with the latest front-end technologies and best practices Great interpersonal and communication skills Good time-management skills Critical thinker and problem-solving skills Eagerness to be part of an amazing team, share knowledge, help with code review, mentor Jr’s Experience with our front end tech: Ant Design (eventually Tailwind), Styled Components, React Testing Library, Jest, React Router, Lodash, React Intl, Node, html-pdf Experience with in house built component libraries Webpack / CRA Animation libraries (React-Spring, etc) AWS Git experience UI/UX experience You can have an impact in a Canadian, growing company with a bright future Your experience and input are wanted to make us better as a whole Flexible work options Results-oriented team, excellent work culture, opportunity for growth Competitive salary, health benefits, 4 weeks vacation, etc. Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Wellness program Work from home Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID1047:
5 years+ professional experience Product software/SaaS experience (focus on large scalable tech, lots of users) MEAN/MERN Stack (like Java, Angular, Ruby on Rails, React, NodeJS, Pythonetc.) Agile software process and software design (experience with Scrum, Kanban, etc.) Experience delivering high-quality web applications for the consumer or enterprise. Strongly values automated testing and implements good testing practices. Experience architecting solutions to problems in a thoughtful way - limiting number of technologies, ability to justify decisions, can articulate trade-offs well, etc. Experience presenting technical projects and problems to non-technical folks and the ability to explain and justify the business reasons. Our client is growing at an incredible pace even during these uncertain times and are continuing to scale out their Toronto office. You will be a key contributor to their goal of accelerating the way space providers and occupiers plan, market, lease and manage space. As such, you will: Work closely with engineers, product managers, designers, QA, and other business partners to discover and solve challenges for our customers. Collaborate with other engineers to incrementally craft high quality products and APIs for our customers (we deploy multiple times a day) Have organization wide impact through your work, departmental initiatives like brown bags and recruiting, being a mentor or on-boarding buddy, etc. Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID1048:
Provide ongoing support of Java based applications in Production and test environments including responding to Service requests, Incident & Problem analysis, Service restoration and recovery, Security vulnerability remediation, Audits and reporting as necessary Interface with other Software Engineers, Infrastructure teams, Lead Software Engineers, Business Systems Analysts and other stakeholders to deliver high quality solutions and maintain a stable, high performing application environment Design, develop, test and debug programs for small projects and bug fixes Develop and maintain strategies for proactive monitoring of applications to provide early warning signs Identify and implement continuous improvement opportunities to eliminate waste and add efficiencies Ensure strict compliance of security and change management directives Identify and participate in improvement, system renewal, stability, upgrade and Disaster Recovery projects Enable stability through troubleshooting issues and conducting root-cause analysis Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or Technology 3+ years of information technology experience in Java application support and development 1-3 years of experience in:
Java, JavaScript & web development languages like HTML, XML, CSS
web services like SOAP, JSON & REST API
Java EE technologies such as Servlet, JDBC and JSP
Spring framework
Database technologies like SQL, Oracle, POSTGRES
Exposure to DevOps tools (Maven, Gradle, Git / Bitbucket, CDD, Ansible, Jenkins)
Understanding of enterprise methodologies, such as ITIL, CMMI, and Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) Java, JavaScript & web development languages like HTML, XML, CSS web services like SOAP, JSON & REST API Java EE technologies such as Servlet, JDBC and JSP Spring framework Database technologies like SQL, Oracle, POSTGRES Exposure to DevOps tools (Maven, Gradle, Git / Bitbucket, CDD, Ansible, Jenkins) Understanding of enterprise methodologies, such as ITIL, CMMI, and Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) Solid business and technical acumen, with demonstrated agility in learning and ability to become comfortable with unfamiliar businesses areas or technologies Ability to work in a dynamic environment with changing priorities Strong relationship management and consulting skills Solid written and verbal communication skills Experience with Adobe Campaign Manager or SAS Real-Time Decision Manager (RTDM) Experience working with mobile applications (IOS / Android) is an added advantage Exposure to Agile framework (Kanban, Scrum) Experience working with event streaming platforms like Apache Kafka Experience working with cloud hosted applications / servers on AWS Exposure to team collaboration tools like Confluence, JIRA, MS Teams Experience with ReactJS/ React.js The role includes on-call and after hours support on a team rotation basis Government Reliability Security Clearance is required for this role (application upon hire includes fingerprinting, 5-year Canadian History Check etc.) Opportunity to work in an environment focused on new technologies Flexible hours and periodic work from home options Wellness and benefits programs that include sabbaticals and pension matching Access to our Global Learning Centre & Udemy, available 24/7 for your learning needs A collaborative, supportive and interactive team environment 
ScrapedJobID1049:

ScrapedJobID1050:
Developing code and supporting documentation Working in a team environment to develop, unit test and deploy software changes Working with clients to understand and implement new requirements/solve complex technical application challenges Providing input on new designs and architecture as needed Developing a well-tested, high performance, scalable client/server web application Mentoring other developers 5-7 years’ experience Development of Web-based and Client/Server applications in Agile environment Experience developing applications for the cloud is a must Strong experience developing full lifecycle Web applications using ReactJS/PHP Experience in Cloud based development and application modernization including 12 factor development, Docker, Kubernetes, Azure (Blob, App Service, AzureSQL, CosmosDB, Azure Event Hubs, Azure Functions, etc.) and other cloud-based services Experience writing modern APIs leveraging Node.js Experience in event driven microservices architectures is a strong asset Experience in DevOps pipelines, based around Github Actions and Azure DevOps is an asset Experience developing applications for mobile platforms (Android and/or iOS) would be an asset Experience with cloud development user authentication and resource authorization using auth0, Oauth, Okta or Onelogin would be an asset Experience with Azure API Management is an asset Experience with Webpack would be an asset Experience with Acunetix web vulnerability scanning software would be an asset Experience with modern source repositories such as Github, Bitbucket 
ScrapedJobID1051:
be a member of a tight knit department and become their inhouse Content Management System expert Research, design and recommend Drupal-based solutions Develop custom Drupal modules using a mixture of PHP and AngularJS Make alterations to purchased or off-the-shelf Drupal modules as necessary Develop, debug, test and deploy code based on the schedule and business priority Resolve issues with production code Make alterations to Drupal-based themes as necessary Collaborate with various stakeholders inside and outside of IT to develop great web-experiences for all audiences All other duties as required College diploma or university degree in the field of computer science, information systems or equivalent 3 to 5 years of front-end development experience, including responsive design 3 to 5 years of website development experience using Drupal, WordPress or other CMS Must have 3 to 5 years of front-end development in React.js Programming experience using PHP, Perl, Python and other common web-based development languages (.Net C# is a nice to have) Relational database programming experience using SQL Server, Oracle or MySQL with Stored Procedure Programming Expert knowledge of JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, HTML5, CSS. Strong knowledge of RESTful API design and usage for system integration Knowledge of integration technologies such as JSON and SOAP. Solid experience with Git, including branching, pull request, code review, etc. Experience debugging and rectifying issues with deployed code Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a fast-paced environment. Strong desire to learn and adapt to new technologies Strong organizational and estimation skills Experience with CI/CD (code deployment, pipelines, DevOps) Experience with Agile development Excellent written and oral communication skills. Excellent interpersonal skills. Ability to present ideas in business-friendly and user-friendly language. Exceptionally self-motivated and directed, with a hands-on approach. Keen attention to detail. Superior analytical, evaluative, and problem-solving abilities. Exceptional service orientation. 3 to 5 years of front-end development in React.js Programming experience using PHP, Perl, Python and other common web-based development languages (.Net C# is a nice to have) Knowledge of integration technologies such as JSON and SOAP. 
ScrapedJobID1052:
JAVA 1.7/1.8 /J2EE, Spring MVC, HTML5, JQuery or ReactJS, Schema, SQL, Version Control System (RTC/GIT preferred), OOPS, and Hibernate. Agile methodology At least 7+ years experience in JAVA/J2EE development and Deployment experience At least 5 years experience in Angular/Node.js, HTML5/Spring MVC/JSP/JQuery or ReactJS, RESTful Services, CI/CD Pipeline Experience in WebServices or Microservices Very good knowledge of the development life-cycle and to have practical experience with Agile framework; Knowledge of: SOAP Web Services or developing Microservices using SpringBoot, XML, XML Schema, JAX, Design patterns, OOAD. Proven record of work experience in large, geographically distributed teams; Experience in task assignment and coaching for junior programmers; Good skills for time and task management are required; Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1053:
Degree/Diploma in Computer Science, Software/Computer Engineering, Data Science, Mathematics or equivalent 3+ years of software application development at the enterprise level in a Java/J2EE environment, preferably with Spring Framework Experience with relational databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, etc.) as well as build tools (Maven, Ant, Gradle, etc.), Hibernate ORM, etc. Experience with Docker containerization, AWS cloud integration, big data solutions, and JavaScript web development are all considered assets Excellent verbal and written communication skills, and ability to work both in a team and autonomous (remote) environments 
ScrapedJobID1054:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 6-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Security training and outreach to internal development teams Documenting security guidance and standards Security tool development Security metrics delivery and driving improvement Based out of the Seattle or Vancouver SSCs Experience building tools and processes to reliably identify security issues and logic flaws across large code bases Understanding of security challenges in service architectures or large distributed systems Expertise with web application security best practices Working experience one or more programming languages: Java, Python, JavaScript, preferred Experience communicating security concerns and issues to non-technical audiences • An understanding of AWS cloud services and concepts such as S3, EC2, Lambda, and VPC • Experience with common web application testing tools for IAST, DAST and SAST, and analysis tools Exposure to E-commerce / Web Content Management System platforms (Like Salesforce Commerce cloud, ATG, AEM) Exposure security analysis and best practice recommendation in micro service landscape. Program Management experience Working knowledge in Jira Bug Bounty program experience Agile software development experience Cloudfare experience 
ScrapedJobID1055:
Provide expertise with application and database integration technologies, including solution and service-oriented architectures Follow Agile/Scrum Methodology: daily scrums, grooming, planning, retrospectives and project meetings as required Liaise with Product Management, DevOps and other project teams as required Work with the Product Management team to help in the gathering and documentation of requirements Working with an architecture team to create detailed Functional and Technical Specification designs Engage end-users and stakeholders during implementation Ability to quickly ramp up and apply new technologies and processes Enjoy working in a highly collaborative & dynamic team environment Strong debugging skills, to find the root cause of issues and resolve them 3-5 years of software development experience University degree in Computer Science, Programming, or equivalent education Self-learner and someone who is not afraid to embrace latest technologies Experience working in a diverse and multi-location company Proven ability to design software applications following object-oriented methodologies Demonstrated experience implementing solutions that are scalable and highly available based on industry best practices Software development experience in Java/J2EE and Spring eco-system (Core, MVC, Batch, Boot, etc…) Micro-services experience in implementation and API design Knowledgeable with data access technologies (Hibernate, OData, etc.) Experience with REST, especially with Java API for Restful Web Services, JSON data structures Experience with Git/Bamboo/Bitbucket Knowledgeable in Continuous Delivery practices Knowledge of Database SQL (MSSQL and Oracle, etc) Knowledge of Eclipse and/or IntelliJ Cloud experience: AWS, Azure, etc. .Net experience Angular/AngularJS & testing frameworks (Jasmine, Karma & Protractor) HTML markup language, HTML 5 related technologies Core CSS, CSS 3 (layout, box model, text effects, etc…) Core JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap Basic knowledge of UNIX/Linux Bonuses Insurance coverage as of Day One Paid vacation and personal days RRSP matching Personal Spending Account (PSA) A modern Continuous Performance Process approach A dynamic and engaged culture Open-concept workspace with spectacular views of the city! 
ScrapedJobID1056:
Microsoft Power BI Microsoft Power Automate Telerik Microsoft Azure - Application deployment and maintenance Database management on Azure Bonus pay Work from home 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1057:
Help to manage project scope Designing, developing software solutions Helping to test the software Solving deployment problems Savvy with web technologies – in particular full stack – Java + Javascript Webservices, web applications, mobile applications (asset) Agile development Experience helping to execute test case and develop test plans Azure cloud platform tech - Docker + Kubernetes (ideally) Love working in small teams and feeling your impact! 
ScrapedJobID1058:
Lead the design of new applications, feature requests and projects, defining overall application design, and the future state. Review projects for initial effort, impact and complexity working directly with the Project Management Office on effort estimation and scoping. Develop unit and integration test for new features and applications. Provide best practices on software design and development. Responsible for meeting expectations and deliverables on time and in high quality. Improve the application landscape by identifying new opportunities to simplify existing processes through technical means. Identify and drive the future vision of the applications, ensuring high quality, efficiency and best practices are driving the future. Peer review .NET code as part of the peer review process. Provide a thorough understanding of internet security threats and risk management and advise on application development in regard to the OWASP standards. Together with the support team, ensure the stabilization of current applications and the introduction of new modules as appropriate. Provide second level support that meets the defined IT service levels and standards, and to meet or surpass business and customer expectations. Operates with high standards in regards to consumer and employee privacy of information, and industry compliance requirement. Support the information systems operate according to internal standards, external accrediting agency standards and legal requirements. Ensures the integrity of IT assets. Explore new technologies for future planning and potential implementation. Identify key areas for improvement in current applications, processes and drive the future vision. Interface with industry on current trends in business and information technology. Provide feedback to the business about projects and initiatives that affect or need to be supported by the current operating environment. Provide a thorough understanding of internet security threats and risk management and advise on application development in regard to the OWASP standards. Knowledge of and implementation of standards in regards to consumer and employee privacy of information, and industry compliance requirement University Degree in Computer Science or related area 7-8 years in .NET based (C#, ASP.NET) web applications development Strong experience in developing web services (SOAP/REST), integration with ORMs (Hibernate) Working experience with relational databases (SQL Server) Experience with Front End development is preferred e.g. Angular, JavaScript, HTML, CSS Experience with Microsoft Azure is an asset Experience with MS Dynamics 365 is an asset Experience within Financial Services industry is an asset Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1059:

ScrapedJobID1060:

ScrapedJobID1061:

ScrapedJobID1062:
8 hour shift Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID1063:
Design, development, implementation, and testing of software applications, as well as the maintenance of existing applications Design database architecture, create/manage build scripts, and continuous documentation Continuous collaboration with team members in an Agile environment, as well as continuous research into up-and-coming, innovative technologies Degree/Diploma in Computer Science, Software/Computer Engineering, Data Science, Mathematics or equivalent 5+ years of software application development at the enterprise level in a Java/J2EE environment 4+ years of relational database experience (MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, etc.) as well as build tools (Maven, Ant, Gradle, etc.) and REST API creation/integration Experience with Docker containerization, AWS cloud integration, big data solutions, and JavaScript web development are all considered assets Excellent verbal and written communication skills, and ability to work both in a team and autonomous (remote) environments 
ScrapedJobID1064:
5+ years of commercial software development experience Experience in modern full-stack web development and proficient in JavaScript frameworks like Vue or React frameworks Experience in software development with Go Experience developing and using RESTful services or Web APIs Creative and detail-oriented personality with excellent communication skills Willingness to be a subject matter expert, to learn new things, and work in a team Education: Degree in Computer Science or similar Responsive user interface design and cross-browser compatibility skills Knowledge of design concepts and principles Experience with open source development Experience with Docker and Kubernetes Experience with distributed systems and routing/messaging Understanding of reliable distributed system principles Understanding of Web security principles 
ScrapedJobID1065:
be a member of a tight knit department and become their inhouse Content Management System expert Research, design and recommend Drupal-based solutions Develop custom Drupal modules using a mixture of PHP and AngularJS Make alterations to purchased or off-the-shelf Drupal modules as necessary Develop, debug, test and deploy code based on the schedule and business priority Resolve issues with production code Make alterations to Drupal-based themes as necessary Collaborate with various stakeholders inside and outside of IT to develop great web-experiences for all audiences All other duties as required College diploma or university degree in the field of computer science, information systems or equivalent 3 to 5 years of front-end development experience, including responsive design 3 to 5 years of website development experience using Drupal, WordPress or other CMS Must have 3 to 5 years of front-end development in React.js Programming experience using PHP, Perl, Python and other common web-based development languages (.Net C# is a nice to have) Relational database programming experience using SQL Server, Oracle or MySQL with Stored Procedure Programming Expert knowledge of JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, HTML5, CSS. Strong knowledge of RESTful API design and usage for system integration Knowledge of integration technologies such as JSON and SOAP. Solid experience with Git, including branching, pull request, code review, etc. Experience debugging and rectifying issues with deployed code Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a fast-paced environment. Strong desire to learn and adapt to new technologies Strong organizational and estimation skills Experience with CI/CD (code deployment, pipelines, DevOps) Experience with Agile development Excellent written and oral communication skills. Excellent interpersonal skills. Ability to present ideas in business-friendly and user-friendly language. Exceptionally self-motivated and directed, with a hands-on approach. Keen attention to detail. Superior analytical, evaluative, and problem-solving abilities. Exceptional service orientation. 3 to 5 years of front-end development in React.js Programming experience using PHP, Perl, Python and other common web-based development languages (.Net C# is a nice to have) Knowledge of integration technologies such as JSON and SOAP. 
ScrapedJobID1066:
5+ years of Software Development experience Experience with .NET and .NET Core framework using C# Command of Software Development Life Cycle Practical knowledge of GIT Well-founded grasp of Microsoft SQL Server Able to move from quickly from draft mockups into various web languages A strong understanding of compatibility and cross-browser issues Solid understanding of API integration 
ScrapedJobID1067:
Working with the UI/UX design team and Product Owners, you will develop user interfaces for unique web applications. Implement efficient, robust, scalable and maintainable features. Support, fix and update applications already deployed in production environments. Provide end-to-end development of software systems from design through development to deployments and maintenance. Be engaged in an agile culture by helping to define deliverables and effort Provide regular communication and feedback with your team and product owner throughout the Sprint and development lifecycle. Bring your passion for technology by providing input, research and evaluation to the leadership and architecture team 5+ years developing web applications Strong experience developing responsive web interfaces using HTML5, CSS3 & UI frameworks Angular 8+ highly preferred, however recent Angular 2++ acceptable Observables [RxJS, observable streams, reactive programming] Responsive web design Experience with ASP.Net a great asset Dependency Injection (it's a design pattern that is ubiquitous in Angular More in depth Typescript CSS Grid Angular Router Angular Material Design State Management [NGXS, NGRX, CQRS pattern, Akita, state store, redux] Full stack (i.e. skills with Rest API and C# on the backend) 
ScrapedJobID1068:
Il s'agit d'un poste contractuel d’un an à temps plein avec possibilité d’embauche permanente par la suite. 
ScrapedJobID1069:
Provide expertise with application and database integration technologies, including solution and service-oriented architectures. Provide technical advice and weigh in on technical decisions that impact other teams or the company at large. Taking initiative to identify and solve important problems, making balanced trade-offs with respect to the whole system. Researching and proposing new technologies. Ability to demonstrate extensive ownership of different business modules and components. Follow Agile/Scrum Methodology: daily scrums, grooming, planning, retrospectives, and project meetings as required. Liaise with Product Management, DevOps and other project teams as required. Work with the Product Management team to help in the gathering and documentation of requirements. Quickly ramp up and apply any new technologies and processes. Enjoy working in a highly collaborative & dynamic team environment. Actively participate into code reviews and any technical sharing or collaborating interactions Proposing code improvements and usage of design patterns Have an agile and cloud mindset and be ready to use it. Debugging, doing root cause analysis on, or fixing any issues 5-8 years of software development experience in Java (developing Spring based applications) University degree in Computer Science, Programming, or equivalent education Self-learner and someone who is not afraid to embrace latest technologies. Proven ability to design software applications following object-oriented methodologies. Demonstrated experience implementing solutions that are scalable and highly available based on industry best practices. Software development experience in Java/J2EE and Spring eco-system (Core, MVC, Batch, Boot, etc.) Micro-services experience in implementation and API design Exposure to Cloud technologies: AWS, Azure, etc. Knowledgeable with data access technologies (Hibernate, OData, etc.) Experience with REST, especially with Java API for Restful Web Services, JSON data structures Experience with Git / Bamboo / Bitbucket / GitLab and working with CI/CD pipelines Knowledgeable in Continuous Delivery practices Knowledge of Database SQL (MSSQL and Oracle, etc.) Angular experience Testing frameworks experience (Jest, Jasmine, Cypress, Selenium) Static analysis code tools: SonarQube. Good knowledge of Linux and Bash Shell Scripting. .Net experience Bonuses Insurance coverage as of Day One Paid vacation and personal days RRSP matching Personal Spending Account (PSA) A modern Continuous Performance Process approach A dynamic and engaged culture Open-concept workspace with spectacular views of the city! 
ScrapedJobID1070:
Establishing data storage and analytics systems for the Virtual Assistant Authenticated Bot-establishing the flow of authentication through the chatbot from an unauthenticated space to an authenticated space Testing and maintenance of a client facing website A valid Enhanced Reliability or higher Security Clearance. 2-3 years of front-end experience Basic understanding of technical architectures that can furnish secure web properties including the JAMstack and Kubernetes / docker implementations. Basic understanding of decoupled web applications as well as micro services and serverless functions A high degree of knowledge of and has demonstrated producing solutions that are WCAG compliant Systems Integration Systems Engineering System Development Life Cycle Systems Analysis and Design Systems Development, Methodologies, Techniques and tools 
ScrapedJobID1071:
Design and development of front end user interface. Provide direction to junior developers. Contribute in all phases of the development lifecycle. Ensure designs are in compliance with the specifications. Work under the direction of the Test Automation Lead. Work seamlessly with geographically distributed teams. Work with the scrum master and help establish sprint activities and tasks. Participate in the daily standup and provide status updates, contribute to team meetings. Collaborate with various teams in defect triage meetings. Must be able to obtain a Canadian Reliability security clearance. BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject (or equivalent work experience) Hands on knowledge of JAVA Hands on knowledge of NodeJS or ReactJS Experience with SDLC tools, frameworks and methodologies Experience working with AGILE teams and tools including but not limited to - JIRA, Confluence, Crucible - will be considered an asset Analytical Thinking Communication (Oral/Written) Java Front End Development Node.Js Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1072:
5 years+ professional experience Product software/SaaS experience (focus on large scalable tech, lots of users) MEAN/MERN Stack (like Java, Angular, Ruby on Rails, React, NodeJS, Pythonetc.) Agile software process and software design (experience with Scrum, Kanban, etc.) Experience delivering high-quality web applications for the consumer or enterprise. Strongly values automated testing and implements good testing practices. Experience architecting solutions to problems in a thoughtful way - limiting number of technologies, ability to justify decisions, can articulate trade-offs well, etc. Experience presenting technical projects and problems to non-technical folks and the ability to explain and justify the business reasons. Our client is growing at an incredible pace even during these uncertain times and are continuing to scale out their Toronto office. You will be a key contributor to their goal of accelerating the way space providers and occupiers plan, market, lease and manage space. As such, you will: Work closely with engineers, product managers, designers, QA, and other business partners to discover and solve challenges for our customers. Collaborate with other engineers to incrementally craft high quality products and APIs for our customers (we deploy multiple times a day) Have organization wide impact through your work, departmental initiatives like brown bags and recruiting, being a mentor or on-boarding buddy, etc. Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID1073:
Day-to-day administration of numerous operating environments including joint responsibility for our production environment Assist cross-functional teams with daily web operations tasks You have appreciation for the practices of Site Reliability Engineering You will be a steward of the service life cycle for products and services offered by Benevity Deployment of code to numerous operating environments; installation and configuration of demo/production/training environments Troubleshoot issues that arise in web-based operating environments, document defects in JIRA, work with colleagues to resolve issues Assist with sourcing and testing infrastructure enhancements before deployment Support web operations workflow automation using configuration management and continuous deployment frameworks Apply service delivery best practices Be a great teammate You are a learn a lot, not a know it all Post-secondary diploma, certificate or degree in an IT-related discipline or the wherewithal to have obtained such things Comfort with an outrageous number of acronyms AWS architecture including but not limited to: EC2, RDS, ALB, VPC, VPC Peering, Multi-AR, EFS, EBS, Beanstalk, autoscale groups, direct connect, etc You know what the Well Architected Framework is and how it relates to EC2, S3, RDS, VPCs, NATs, and more 5-7 years Linux/UNIX systems administration experience, preferably in a LAMPJ environment Familiarity with CentOS/RHEL, Apache, MySQL, PHP, Java, Tomcat, Reverse Proxies, Firewalls/NAT, HTTPS, SSL Certificates, SFTP, FTPS, DNS, SMTP Experience in configuration, implementation, and maintenance of SaaS platforms A fierce passion for availability, reliability, and short MTTR Mastery with at least one scripting language (BASH, Perl, Ruby, etc.) We code on this team You know SQL and can debug MySQL and MS-SQL Databases (slow queries, traces, killing queries) Are familiar with the practice of Infrastructure as Code and have done infrastructure coding (ansible and terraform) Familiarity with monitoring and metric collection systems Familiarity with information security best practices and tools Familiarity with backup strategies and tools CMS experience, Drupal preferred Version Control Systems (Git) 
ScrapedJobID1074:
Health and Dental Benefits $1000 towards your health and wellness expenses 3-week paid vacation An inclusive environment Mentorship and career growth Company socials, meditation room, pool table and games room, free massages RRSP matching, ESPP contributions, annual bonus Working at the company ranked #1 in the Great Place to Work survey 2019 BS/MS in computer science or equivalent work experience 6+ years experience developing web, software, or mobile applications Solid grasp of software engineering fundamentals and their practical application Solid grasp of JavaScript fundamentals such as closures, prototype, callbacks, promises, error handling Experience with Object Oriented Languages such as: Java/J2EE, C#, VB.NET, Python, C++ Understand and preferably have experience with web services (REST or SOAP) Understand unit testing and preferably Test Driven Development Helpful, can-do attitude and a willingness to take ownership of problems Strong desire to learn and grow Excellent problem solving skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Commitment to team success and positive team dynamics Deliver high quality full-stack applications (requirements, design, code, documentation, etc.) Roughly 70-85% hands-on coding Contribute to early quality activities, including peer reviews of estimates, designs and code Resolve defects/bugs Partner with team members to deliver against commitments Grow and apply technical skills in service to customers Experience Agile Development, SCRUM, and/or Extreme Programming methodologies 
ScrapedJobID1075:
Lead a team of remote engineers Collaborate with stakeholders and partners across teams and departments Write performant, maintainable code that is easy to read and well-documented Write automated tests to thoroughly validate the correctness of your code Deploy large-scale web applications Have a focus on quality, and operate iteratively to get from good to better Be a part of your team's on-call rotation; we all own our code end-to-end from development to deployment to operations Come ready to learn from some of the best and brightest in the industry Work independently and collaboratively in a dynamic and fast-moving team Be effective in a team environment working with fellow engineers, product management, and design Experience with React or similar UI frameworks (e.g. Vue, AngularJS) Experience with Ruby on Rails or similar web frameworks (e.g. Django) Experience with deployment systems (e.g. CodeShip, AWS CodeDeploy) Familiarity with AWS Services (e.g. RDS, Kinesis, EC2, Lambda, et cetera) Familiarity with the Linux Operating System and command-line tools Understanding of OO design, algorithms, and data structures Familiarity with implementing e-commerce solutions is beneficial Aptitude to quickly learn new languages and technologies as necessary Computer Science or related degree Once in a lifetime opportunity to help revolutionize how the world learns! Fun, collaborative, and team-oriented work environment with plenty of training and a feedback rich culture Remote friendly Hackfest! Work-life balance Flexible PTO plus a floating holiday (for your birthday!) Paid VTO ("Volunteer Time Off" to do community service/charity work) 52 hours of Free Learning Sessions per year for you or immediate families members and free access to our Virtual School Day classes and School@Home program Collaborative, and team-oriented work environment Try a free trial of our Live Learning Platform here: https://www.varsitytutors.com/freetrial 
ScrapedJobID1076:
Work in cross-functional SCRUM teams to produce and release new applications, features, and enhancements to improve the user experience, applying the full understanding of software engineering discipline and industry best practices Design and rapidly prototype proposed solutions Work closely with senior development team members in major architecture projects, design and implementation Ensure the quality of the applications by using various types of automated testing methods in a continuous integration environment Resolve defects/bugs during pre-production, production, and post-release patches Coordinates technical dependencies with other SCRUM teams Participate in code reviews, analysis, and performance tuning Collaborate with other engineers to share best practices and knowledge of emerging technologies Work with a sense of urgency; embrace mistakes, learn from them, and drive the team toward success 5+ years of professional software development experience building single page web applications with RESTful web services on Windows Post-Secondary Degree in computer science, software engineering or related discipline or equivalent working experience Programming experience developing full stack web applications with the following technologies: C#.Net, JavaScript/TypeScript, JSON, HTML5/CSS, Angular, MS SQL Server, MySQL, Postgres Experience developing web applications for a commercial SaaS vendor/ISV Experience with design/implementation of microservice architecture Cloud infrastructure platforms such as AWS or Azure or Google Fluent with Microsoft tool set (TFS, Visual Studio, PowerShell), Git Must be legally entitled to work in the country where the role is located. Must be able to travel to the United States, Canada and/or internationally, and have a valid passport Demonstrated ability for attention to detail and passion for high quality software Excellent communication skills both written and verbal 
ScrapedJobID1077:
be a member of a tight knit department and become their inhouse Content Management System expert Research, design and recommend Drupal-based solutions Develop custom Drupal modules using a mixture of PHP and AngularJS Make alterations to purchased or off-the-shelf Drupal modules as necessary Develop, debug, test and deploy code based on the schedule and business priority Resolve issues with production code Make alterations to Drupal-based themes as necessary Collaborate with various stakeholders inside and outside of IT to develop great web-experiences for all audiences All other duties as required College diploma or university degree in the field of computer science, information systems or equivalent 3 to 5 years of front-end development experience, including responsive design 3 to 5 years of website development experience using Drupal, WordPress or other CMS Must have 3 to 5 years of front-end development in React.js Programming experience using PHP, Perl, Python and other common web-based development languages (.Net C# is a nice to have) Relational database programming experience using SQL Server, Oracle or MySQL with Stored Procedure Programming Expert knowledge of JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, HTML5, CSS. Strong knowledge of RESTful API design and usage for system integration Knowledge of integration technologies such as JSON and SOAP. Solid experience with Git, including branching, pull request, code review, etc. Experience debugging and rectifying issues with deployed code Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a fast-paced environment. Strong desire to learn and adapt to new technologies Strong organizational and estimation skills Experience with CI/CD (code deployment, pipelines, DevOps) Experience with Agile development Excellent written and oral communication skills. Excellent interpersonal skills. Ability to present ideas in business-friendly and user-friendly language. Exceptionally self-motivated and directed, with a hands-on approach. Keen attention to detail. Superior analytical, evaluative, and problem-solving abilities. Exceptional service orientation. 3 to 5 years of front-end development in React.js Programming experience using PHP, Perl, Python and other common web-based development languages (.Net C# is a nice to have) Knowledge of integration technologies such as JSON and SOAP. 
ScrapedJobID1078:
Minimum 7 years of experience in data warehousing, writing complex SQL queries, views, and procedures, including performance tuning and query optimization with large data set Strong Data Warehouse knowledge and experience, including data ingestion, transformation and ETL patterns using modern data pipelines. Intermediate to senior level experience in operationalizing data platforms with Azure data solutions and using Data Factory, Azure Databricks, Azure Analysis Service, Azure Synapse and Databricks Senior level experience in report design and building highly interactive dashboards using Power BI with advance level writing of DAX query language Strong understanding of relational and dimensional data modeling concepts Experience building web APIs or Azure Functions Hands-on experience with CI/CD on Azure DevOps Proficient in Python or ASP.Net C# Power Shell scripting is nice to have azure sql warehouse database devops queries dataengineer 
ScrapedJobID1079:
Minimum 5+ Years of software development and design experience University degree or college diploma in computer science or an equivalent combination of education and work experience Experience in Core Java, Servlets, Spring Framework and Maven Experience in established J2EE Application Servers, particularly in jBoss or Tomcat Experience in major RDBMS and exposure to writing complex queries, stored procedures and jobs, specifically in Oracle Should possess Analytical, Design, Architectural and documentation skills and able to solve challenging problems across SDLC be they technical, process or interpersonal Hands on experience in building both front-end web applications using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and back-end software using Java a plus Experience with Apache Struts a plus Hands on experience in developing, maintaining robust and maintainable software using CI/CD pipelines a plus Experience working in both Linux and windows host environments a plus Experience writing Financial and/or accounting platform related software a plus Experience developing automation test suites using Selenium and other test platforms a plus 
ScrapedJobID1080:
Design and develop front-end web application in Angular Design and develop Restful APIs Perform systems administration: monitor, configure, back-up, authenticate, tune. Aim for best practice, defect-free programming, create and maintain quality code, provide support during testing cycles and post-production deployment, engage in peer code reviews. Identify issues, develop and maintain processes that address and resolve them, (and be sure to communicate/alert stakeholders as needed). Configure and develop custom components with technology partners (analysts, developers, designers etc.) to meet requirements and goals. Ensure applications are free of common coding vulnerabilities (and follow standard security practices). Complete unit and integration testing per standards and design specs. Respect TD's technology delivery practices and standards, project management disciplines. Apply and share technical expertise during incident management life cycle (e.g. analyzes reports and outages, perform impact assessments, facilitate stakeholder communication). Demonstrate high level of proactivity and strong ownership. Communicate effectively both inside and outside the team to achieve results and build strong relationships. Develop a good understanding of intraday liquidity management in the Banking business. 5-7 years of experience in Angular. 5-7 years of experience client-side Web Frameworks like JavaScript, JQuery, JQueryUI, AJAX, JSON. Banking and/or financial institution experience is an asset. Experience with ag-Grid is an asset. Experience with Git, Jira, Confluence. Advanced and extensive knowledge of the business (or organization), technical environment, standards, processes, procedures, programming languages and operating systems. Solid understanding of SDLC. Readiness and motivation to address and resolve highly complex and multifaceted development-related issues, often independently. Strength in coaching and advising clients, partners and project teams. Commitment to and belief in the quality of your deliverables. Strong verbal, written, presentation & communication skills. Proactive, organized, excellent analytical and problem solving skills. Works well independently, as well as, within a team. Inspire a positive work environment and help champion quality, innovation, teamwork and service to the business. Learn voraciously, stretch your thinking, share your knowledge and educate others. Communicate and collaborate with both technical and non-technical professionals. Cultivate winning relationships by building trust with business and technology partners. Share our commitment to productivity, effectiveness and operational efficiency. Embrace change and witness amazing things happen – from the inside. 
ScrapedJobID1081:
JAVA 1.7/1.8 /J2EE, Spring MVC, HTML5, JQuery or ReactJS, Schema, SQL, Version Control System (RTC/GIT preferred), OOPS, and Hibernate. Agile methodology At least 7+ years experience in JAVA/J2EE development and Deployment experience At least 5 years experience in Angular/Node.js, HTML5/Spring MVC/JSP/JQuery or ReactJS, RESTful Services, CI/CD Pipeline Experience in WebServices or Microservices Very good knowledge of the development life-cycle and to have practical experience with Agile framework; Knowledge of: SOAP Web Services or developing Microservices using SpringBoot, XML, XML Schema, JAX, Design patterns, OOAD. Proven record of work experience in large, geographically distributed teams; Experience in task assignment and coaching for junior programmers; Good skills for time and task management are required; Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1082:
A degree in information technology, or equivalent experience 3- 5 years of experience with Typescript A background in data visualization 3 + years with React 3+ years with MobX/Redux Experience with MapboxGL/Deck.gl/Nebula.gl Experience with Visx C#/.NET/ASP.NET Postgres/Timescale Docker/Docker Compose AWS experience Remote Permanent 
ScrapedJobID1083:
Utiliser les pratiques d’ingénierie Agile et divers logiciels et technologies de développement Web pour développer rapidement des solutions créatives et efficaces qui améliorent l’expérience des clients et des employés. Collaborer avec les autres membres de l’équipe pour créer des scénarios d’utilisateurs et des tests de conception clairs pour les prototypes et les produits, et afin d’offrir continuellement des améliorations de produits. Communiquer avec les équipes de TI au sujet des innovations numériques associées au fondement des systèmes de TI. Communiquer avec les partenaires commerciaux à propos des processus Agile pour établir et gérer les attentes relatives aux méthodes de livraison et aux échéanciers. Être un agent de changement et un promoteur de la mentalité agile Contribuer au milieu de travail collaboratif et stimulant Se garder à l’affût des nouvelles tendances et apporter des idées d’innovation Diplôme universitaire en informatique ou en génie logiciel Minimum 5 ans d’expérience en programmation en C # et .NET (4.7+ ou Core) Expérience et connaissance pratique de HTML / CSS et connaissance de Angular (versions 2 à 7), NGXS, Progressive Web App Connaissance pratique du développement sous Azure Solide connaissance des Microservices et expérience de leur développement Expérience d'utilisation de VSTS (Azure DevOps) est un atout Expérience des tests unitaires et des tests fonctionnels automatisés Passion pour le développement et une aptitude pour l'apprentissage continu Connaissance de l'intégration continue, de la livraison continue et du développement piloté par les tests Capacité démontrée à travailler et à prendre des décisions sans supervision Capacité à s'adapter rapidement aux évolutions technologiques et à évoluer dans un environnement de R & D Compétence en matière de planification et d’organisation, axée sur les résultats attitude de développement logiciel Use Agile engineering practices and various software and web development technologies to rapidly develop creative and efficient solutions that enhance the client customer and employee experience. Collaborate with other team members to craft clear user stories, design tests for prototypes and products, and continuously deliver product enhancements. Communicate with IT teams about any Digital innovations that are tying into bedrock IT systems. Communicate with business stakeholders about Agile processes to set and manage expectations about delivery methods and timelines. Be a change agent & Agile mindset promoter Contribute to the collaborative and stimulating work environment Be connected to the industry to know tendencies and suggest innovative ideas University degree in Software science or Software engineering Minimum 5 years’ experience programming in C# and .NET (4.7+ or Core) Experience and working knowledge of HTML/ CSS, and knowledge of Angular (versions 2-7), NGXS, Progressive Web App Working knowledge of development using Azure Strong knowledge of Microservices and experience developing them Experience using VSTS (Azure DevOps) is a plus Experience with unit testing and automated functional testing Passion for development and a demonstrated interest for continual learning Knowledge of continuous integration, continuous delivery and test-driven development Demonstrated ability to work and make decisions unsupervised Ability to adapt quickly to changes in technology and to operate in an R&D environment Result-oriented, strong planning and organizational skill Rigorous and creative software development attitude 
ScrapedJobID1084:
Someone that thoroughly understands software development methodology and architecture standards. A passion for creating cutting edge web software and pushing the boundaries of front-end development Unquenchable thirst for knowledge and a desire to learn new technical skills A self-driven desire to find better ways to accomplish tasks Ability to analyze and research existing application code bases to learn and subsequently enhance with little guidance Communicates systems issues at the appropriate technical level for each audience Analyzes information, requirements and specifications to design and develop solutions for responsive web Architect and develop new and enhance modern web applications in AngularJS, Angular, and Vue.js Architect CSS frameworks and develop flexible UI components Support production environment as required for system failures. Identify quality improvements to minimize production errors and outages Design new customer capabilities & refactor existing systems to ensure high performance, reliability and resilience Mentor junior team members At least 6+ years of experience in Software Application Development Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or equivalent working experience Expert experience using JavaScript (ES6) Expert experience with CSS and rich web UI behaviors - pixel perfect execution for all major browsers and viewports Experience with GIT merging and rebasing strategies Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to communicate effectively with all stakeholders Ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment Collaborate with other developers and architects to determine optimal solution architecture, efficiency, maintainability and scalability Complete projects/tasks in a timely fashion while meeting sprint goals and commitments 
ScrapedJobID1085:
Nearly all solutions we deliver consist of a .NET (C#) back-end, and a React/TypeScript front-end UI. In order to deliver a UI with which users can quickly explore and act on information, highly performant back-end services are essential. As a Full Stack Developer at Interface 48, you will apply various software patterns to implement robust and scalable back-end systems that are as simple as possible, but no simpler. Ideally, you will also have experience implementing distributed back-end systems using an actor model. You will also use modern web technologies to implement web-based, front-end UIs that integrate with back-end systems in the most effective way possible. You will have general knowledge of key software concepts such as: authentication, authorization, caching, and client-side state management. You will pay particular attention to domain design in order to ensure business logic is optimally encapsulated, thereby facilitating the implementation of query and command handlers. You will exercise sound judgement when designing front-end features to ensure a high-calibre UX, and have a keen eye for the details that matter most. You take pride in writing code that is clean, clear and concise - the type of code you'd want to come back to in a year's time when functionality is extended. You are capable of solving problems on your own, but also enjoy collaborating with others to find innovative solutions to unique problems. At least two years of professional experience with Full Stack .NET/React web application design & development. Strong communication skills, both verbal and written. Organized self-starter that can go it alone, and works well in a team. Excellent critical thinking and problem-solving abilities. Versatile, flexible and responsive to changing priorities. Innate curiosity for new software technologies and how they can be applied to your work. Business Analysis, specifically in terms of Requirements Gathering. Document requirements in the form of User Stories. Describe proposed UI designs as low-fidelity mock-ups. Possess a knack for consistent and intuitive UX design. Develop back-end software systems by applying DDD together with CQRS and Mediator patterns, using .NET (C#). Use DI built into the .NET Framework, or third-party DI solutions such as Autofac when more control required. Use ORM libraries including EF Core and Dapper to interface with relational databases, most notably, Microsoft SQL Server. Ability to read and write raw SQL queries/commands. Implement Worker Services (e.g. Windows Services) in which to host long-running back-end services. Integrate cloud computing services and other third-party external APIs. Experience with NuGet package management, and basic PowerShell scripting. Develop web applications using React. JavaScript proficiency, including knowledge of modern features such as the spread operator, rest parameters, Promises and async/await functions. TypeScript to ensure codebase type safety. Integrate REST- and RPC-based HTTP APIs within JavaScript applications. Apply Flux architecture, and specifically Redux for client-side state management. CSS3 and JSS for styling components. Competent with build tooling that involves NPM/Yarn and Node.js. Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or similar. Interview individuals to assess their needs, and help lead workshops to gather requirements. Write Options Evaluation and other Technical Reports. Develop User Acceptance Tests that help ensure application requirements are met. Manage development tasks using Azure DevOps. Experience with VS Code and Visual Studio. Familiar with Jenkins CI/CD Pipelines. Knowledge of Akka.NET and how it may be used to develop a distributed software system based on an actor model. Knowledge of Material Design and associated design patterns. Sound like a good fit? If you found yourself nodding your head while reading through the above, please send through a Resume with Cover Letter via Isarta with "Re: Full Stack .NET/React Developer Opening" in the subject line. 
ScrapedJobID1086:
You get to work in a dynamic environment full of super passionate and talented people where capabilities are enabled quickly at scale across the globe for travellers. You will grow and further develop your competencies working in a team-oriented results-driven environment where learning and collaboration is celebrated. We value and encourage autonomy for everyone allowing you to make your own decisions and learn from the data. The success of the team is dependent upon the success of the individual. Responsible for the design, development and testing of new features of Umapped’s global itinerary management platform. Build an intuitive customer experience for our mobile and web applications. Ensure appropriate software engineering practices are employed to deliver high quality results. Ability to navigate through a large complex codebase. Ability to rapidly prototype and adjust in response to customer feedback. Writing unit/e2e tests to ensure code quality and increase test coverage. Work closely with the Product Manager, Design UX/UI, and Analytics teams to define the business requirements for new projects. Collaborate across team boundaries with other teams (including global team members). Communicate issues and technical roadblocks effectively. Drive and passion towards building great and sustainable products. Contribute to the ongoing support and monitoring of the technology infrastructure. Languages: Java 8 and higher, Kotlin, Golang Scripting Languages: JavaScript, Typescript, Groovy, Python JS based web frameworks - Material-UI w/ React JS SQL, NoSQL and graph databases and caching (PostgreSQL, DynamoDb, ElasticSearch, Redis, Neo4J, etc) Linux Git Experience in e-commerce platforms Experience in the travel industry Experience with Front-end libraries/framework - React, Angular, Vue Exposure to native mobile development (IOS and Android) Exposure to React Native framework Experience with AWS technologies is preferred (Cloudfront, RDS, infrastructure) Generous remuneration structure Travel perks/discounts, in-house financial and health services Generous paid-time off policy National/International Award Nights and Conferences Diversity & Inclusion initiatives Benefits including vision, medical, and dental Employee Assistance Program Contributory RRSP/RPP matching scheme Company Share purchase scheme Global career opportunities in a network of brands and businesses Ongoing training and professional development Fun and flexible work environment Proud Corporate Social Responsibility platform through the Flight Centre Foundation and Brighter Futures program supporting nominated charities through Workplace Giving, Volunteering and Fundraising.
Employee giving program
Annual Charity Trip
Office Environmental Program
1 Volunteer Day per Calendar Year Employee giving program Annual Charity Trip Office Environmental Program 1 Volunteer Day per Calendar Year 
ScrapedJobID1087:
Responsible for the design, development, unit testing, systems testing, release, deployment and maintenance of custom built Java web-applications to meet established client and system requirements Work closely with clients, and cross-functional team members to understand business and technical requirements that drive the analysis and design of technical solutions Provide client support and consultation for development, integration as well as advice in areas of expertise Perform unit-level testing of system components and fix bugs Develop and review supporting technical specifications, design and documentations to ensure completeness Provide code maintenance and support across testing / validation cycles and post-production deployment Participate in user training and demonstrations of the web application products on an as-needed basis Support project estimating / planning processes. Ensure adherence to system development life cycle standards Participate in the evaluation, implementation, and documentation of existing and new web-based business solutions Contribute to the architectural design and development of a modern, strategic web-based application infrastructure Implementation of improved encryption standards for communications to and from secure server applications, optimize web security infrastructure for user authentication and authorization to controlled components Adhere to software development process frameworks and tools (including change control, quality assurance procedures) using leading practices, design patterns, and methodologies Perform database design, modeling, and database maintenance Identify and implement security measures for internet applications infrastructure Perform system validation requirements and procedures for web application M.Sc. in Computer Science, Mathematics or related fields Eight or more years of experience in relevant field Architecting re-usable and extendable web based solutions Understanding and applying J2EE security, Concurrency, Transactions, Session Management, J2EE Patterns, and Frameworks to application solutions Broad experience with various computing platforms (Unix and Windows) Experience with Architecture and Design patterns Experience with component-based development Requirements gathering and analysis Software development frameworks and methodologies, including SDLC, Waterfall, and Agile delivery methods 
ScrapedJobID1088:
Build tools and technology for the unique problems of inventory management, logistics, and order fulfillment Create new and innovative systems alongside streamlining and optimizing current processes Experience working in the latest technology, a ubiquitous culture based upon data, and a team of dedicated team members ready to collaborate Build software tools for better reporting and telemetry on our warehouse processes Build tools that support our operations and logistics teams to efficiently sort, pick, pack, and ship orders Contribute to solutions that aid in the tracking and retrieval of hundreds of thousands of consigned items across multiple warehouses 5+ Years experience in a Software Engineering role Strong understanding of building production-ready web applications and systems Fluency with any of Ruby, Elixir, Erlang Strong understanding of web-app performance fundamentals and related dev tools Mastery of git and Github workflows Bachelor of Computer Science degree or equivalent experience Experience building Operations and Logistics applications Strong understanding of web technologies: HTML5, Javascript, CSS/SASS, REST, JSON Experience with GraphQL Experience with Kafka Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID1089:
You want to work on a highly performing and complex product, with many real-world challenges You want to work in a place where we highly value our employees You like to integrate the latest methodologies and practices and be ever evolving You like to have an enormous impact on the core product of the company Define needs around maintainability, testability, performance, security, quality, and usability for UI platform Enable agile development of UI artifacts Design, develop, and manage automated unit, integration, and acceptance tests for all UI components Communication of new technologies, best practices, etc. to developers, testers, and managers Influence UI design requirements to build best-in-class experiences Mentor and peer review of designs and coded implementations Ensure the performance quality and responsiveness of applications Investigate issues reported by testing teams to determine impact, root cause, and solve them Identify and correct bottlenecks and fix bugs to optimize performance Work in a fast-paced environment that fosters growth and learning Verbal and written communication is clear and concise Clearly articulate development and timeline dependencies Improve team development related processes that accelerate delivery, drive innovation, lower costs, and improve quality 5+ years’ experience in front end software development utilizing Angular Strong knowledge of Angular 11 Deep understanding of UI technologies and techniques Experience with Angular material Experience with Angular-cli and its configuration Knowledge of front-end patterns (container/presenter, etc.) Experience in testing 
ScrapedJobID1090:
3+ years of experience developing rich interactive web applications Excellent programming, software architecture, and communication skills Strong command of SQL Experience with agile software development methodologies (Scrum, etc.) Hands on experience in following: React.js Node.js, Express.js, C# and SQL experience are desired. Agile Scrum and Gitflow working experience are preferred. Good technical writing, documentation, and communication skills. Ability to define and implement a solution across a complex application stack Knowledge of Spatial technology like Googole Maps/Google Earth etc Databases
Must Have at least 3 years of experience with/in SQL Must Have at least 3 years of experience with/in SQL Software
Must Have at least 3 years of experience with/in Node.js React/Redux Must Have at least 3 years of experience with/in Node.js React/Redux 
ScrapedJobID1091:
Community. Collaborating with developers and industry experts in an exciting Agile environment. Technology. Looking for the next best solution before it even exists. Development. Embody and advocate a culture of quality development Delivery. Best products, services, content and innovative solutions for our customers. Technical Creativity. You will build the strategy and evolution of existing services, as well as future services architecture Someone with a University degree in Software/Computer/Electrical Engineering/Computer Science/IT A candidate with 5-10 years of experience and passion for software development; however if you believe you are up for the challenge with less experience, you are welcome Someone with experience working with Unix/Linux environments, distributed/parallel systems, networking, and/or systems/security software development Someone to help find innovative ways to optimize the development pipeline, the testing and the availability and efficiency of our applications and services. Someone who has an understanding of IP networks (VRFs, subnets, Firewalls, NAT…) and is ready to work with network experts to build the infrastructure hosting our services. Has experience in managing and working with cloud platforms and cloud automation and monitoring tools. Our stack is evolving to include OpenStack, AWS, Kubernetes, Docker. Experience working with these tools or alternative tools in a production setting is valuable to us. Someone who is familiar with automation/orchestration tool such as Ansible and code management tools (GIT) and considers Infra-As-Code as a new religion Someone with a solid understanding of security concerns and knowledge of how to address them. Ex: identity verification, access controls, permissions… Someone who is happy to leverage existing tools and technologies while seeking out the next new thing Someone with experience in object oriented software and application development in Java/Maven, scripting languages, and/or web development technologies. Someone who can slice and dice a business/system problem into an easy modular and maintainable solution with your team A team player who can define, establish and communicate their long term vision, who is adaptable to uncertain and changing needs A candidate with strong interpersonal, oral and written communication skills (A good sense of humour is a bonus!) Bilingual (French/English) Exposure to Agile methodologies Strong IP networking skills Experience working with SIP and are ready to embrace the evolution Employee discount plan Heavy investment on people development Pension plan and employee stock plan Flexible hours Flexible health and life insurance Awesome community Access to vast resources to the latest technology Bonus pay Extended health care 8 hour shift French: 10 years (preferred) Software engineering: 5 years (preferred) Cloud: 3 years (preferred) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1092:

ScrapedJobID1093:
be a member of a tight knit department and become their inhouse Web development expert. Research, design and recommend end-to-end web solutions Design, develop or enhance CMS modules, web services API’s and other web technical solutions Develop, debug, test and deploy code based on the schedule and business priority Resolve issues with production code Collaborate with various stakeholders inside and outside of IT to develop great web applications for all audiences All other duties as required College diploma or university degree in the field of computer science, information systems or equivalent 3 to 5 years of end-to-end Full Web Stack cycle experience – from browser to server and back 3 to 5 years of website development experience using .NET Framework 4.7 and .NET Core – including WebForms, MVC and RESTful API Strong knowledge of RESTful API design and usage for system integration Knowledge of integration technologies such as JSON and SOAP Relational database programming experience using SQL Server, Oracle or MySQL including Stored Procedure programming Deep understanding of a modern application (general design patterns, templating & routing, DOM manipulation, communication over HTTPS, APIs, data storage, security principles). Experience with scheduling and examination systems is an asset Programming experience using PHP, Perl and other common web-based development languages Expert knowledge of JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, HTML5, CSS, and Angular frameworks. Knowledge of hosted website providers such as BlueHost, HostGator or Acquia. Experience with Git, including branching, pull request, code review, etc. Experience with unit testing, end-to-end testing and performing post-resolution follow-up Experience debugging and rectifying issues with deployed code Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a fast-paced environment. Strong desire to learn and adapt to new technologies Strong organizational and estimation skills Experience with CI/CD (code deployment, pipelines, DevOps) Experience with Agile development Knowledge in Ruby, Shopify Plus and Shopify Flow is an asset Expert knowledge of JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, HTML5, CSS, and Angular frameworks. Experience with SQL Server, Oracle or MySQL including Stored Procedure programming Expert knowledge of JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, HTML5, CSS, and Angular frameworks. Exposure to a Content Management System 
ScrapedJobID1094:
PHP devs - 6-9 years exp. Experience with SQL 2016 Experience integrating legacy code Experience with JIRA and Agile High preference for self-starting Capable of investigating and troubleshooting solutions Highly capable of estimating or articulating criteria for accurate estimations High level of accountability and communication 
ScrapedJobID1095:
We're building a Kubernetes-native SaaS business that lives in the cloud. Our event-driven platform is underpinned with proven infrastructure technologies like Kafka, Postgres, and NoSQL storage. Our web UI uses modern technologies (like TypeScript, React, and GraphQL), and is always evolving to incorporate the best solutions for live, real-time interactions, that puts user experience first. Java and Spring-Boot have been a faithful workhorse powering our application. We're strongly committed to moving our code-base into the functional programming paradigm, introducing Scala superpowers, and making use of modern libraries and tooling. Build the next-generation of Statflo software with a collaborative and supportive team. Work in an agile environment with teammates in all types of roles. Build maintainable and understandable code. Share knowledge about what you've learned and built, and the challenges you've encountered, during our technology team get-togethers. Level-up everyone around you. Absorb the collective brilliance of your team. Bring our code and technologies to the next level! You have engineering experience in Scala or Java. A good understanding of web applications; Typescript and React, or other modern frameworks. You have experience using relational and NoSQL databases (column-oriented, graph, or other). Experience with API/micro-services design. Experience with deploying into and working directly with Kubernetes. Disciplined in your use of testing and automated deployment. You use, or are passionate about learning, typed functional programming. You understand category-theoretic concepts, and know how to apply them in a practical and approachable manner. You have a sense of ownership and responsibility for the code you write. Effective communication and collaboration skills. You are eager to problem-solve and troubleshoot. 
ScrapedJobID1096:
Developing new user-facing features using React and Typescript Building maintainable, modular, reusable components and front-end libraries for future use Translating designs and wireframes into high-quality code Helping design a rich, modern, simplified user experience Training and mentoring other front-end developers on the team Work with modern browser APIs, targeting the latest versions of Chrome and Firefox Solve difficult technical challenges in scaling a massive codebase Use modern development APIs such as React Suspense and Hooks, Web Assembly and Workers Work alongside a world-class financial engineering team Strong proficiency in JavaScript (Typescript a plus, all our front-end code is written in TS) Thorough understanding of React and its core principles Familiarity with RESTful APIs Familiarity with SCSS, or other styling systems and solid general understanding of CSS Experience with common front-end development tools such as Webpack, Jest, etc. Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements Strong Computer Science fundamentals Familiarity with Git, GitHub, Git Flow Experience with iOS (Swift) or Android (Kotlin) development Financial service experience is a plus Experience with chart libraries like High charts and Material UI BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience Opportunity to join a fast-growing Fintech startup experiencing hyper-growth Working every day at a company where your voice is valued and given importance Work with shiny happy people Competitive base salary with bonus Comprehensive healthcare benefits and vacation package Flexible hours, 3 days per week working from home before Covid-19. During the pandemic, we are 100% remote Experience Fintech without seeing people with ties and grey suits Mac or Windows: choose what suits you 8 hour shift 
ScrapedJobID1097:
Development and maintaining of new and current frontend applications
HTML
CSS
React
Redux and Redux Sagas
Jest
ES2015+ JavaScript syntax HTML CSS React Redux and Redux Sagas Jest ES2015+ JavaScript syntax Reviewing and debugging code for quality, errors, security problems, scale and performance issues during development and in Production Work well within a team or independently Communicating with local and remote team members to provide assistance/guidance through various mediums
Slack/Skype
Support/Development tickets
Email
Online documentation Slack/Skype Support/Development tickets Email Online documentation Creation/Maintenance of technical wires, logical flow diagrams, test suites, data design diagrams/schema, and other forms of documentation. Be a trusted leader and mentor on the team 5+ Years professional web development 12+ months of React development with Redux experience Strong understanding of ES2015+ syntax as well as JavaScript in general, including DOM manipulation and the JavaScript object model Thorough understanding of React.js and its core principles Proficiency working with styled-components Familiarity with RESTful APIs Knowledge of modern authorization mechanisms, such as JSON Web Tokens Familiarity with modern front-end build pipelines and tools Experience with npm and using a “package.json” file Experience with unit testing
Jest
Enzyme Jest Enzyme Experience with various Debugging tools
Redux dev tools
Debugging in an IDE
Standard debugging tools in the browser:
Console tab
Network tab
React developer tools (browser plugin) Redux dev tools Debugging in an IDE Standard debugging tools in the browser:
Console tab
Network tab
React developer tools (browser plugin) Console tab Network tab React developer tools (browser plugin) Experience with using version control tools; preferably Git Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements Can interpret Storyboards, Wireframes, Visual mockups, and other Media elements Good written and verbal communication skills Comfortable communicating and actively participating on a Scrum Team
Strategic interpretation of business requirements, wires, and functional specs
Estimation and tasking, especially as part of regular refinement and planning ceremonies
Constructive collaboration with teams such as UX, Design, QA, and Product Strategic interpretation of business requirements, wires, and functional specs Estimation and tasking, especially as part of regular refinement and planning ceremonies Constructive collaboration with teams such as UX, Design, QA, and Product Solid independent time-management and organizational abilities Commitment to quality deliverables on set timelines; Lead a team of engineers in completion of deliverables Familiarity with Adobe Creative Suite and Sketch Knowledge of Charles/Fiddler proxy tools for debugging Proficiency with Angular Experience using Postman to work with APIs Experience with Sendgrid or similar email templating services Understanding of handlebars Familiarity with working with Rich media such as Video, Audio, animated assets Backend development experience with one of our platform languages.
Java
PHP
Python
Ruby
Go Java PHP Python Ruby Go Database experience with MySQL and/or Cassandra Experience with webpack. 
ScrapedJobID1098:
Must have Extensive Experience in designing and developing web portals and large-scale intranet/internet applications. Must have strong hands on experience of implementing Web application using Angular (8 or above), JavaScript, DOM, HTML5, Web Sockets, JSON, XML, CSS, Ajax, etc. Must have strong skills on Typescript, JavaScript, Async JavaScript, ES6, CSS3, Html5, Bootstrap etc. Must have experience in SCMs like GIT; and tools like JIRA Experience in working Linux/UNIX environment. Experience in MongoDB/NoSQL databases are highly preferred. Experience in a fast-paced, agile project environment with small, focused teams delivering product regularly. Strong systems analysis, design and architecture fundamentals, Unit Testing and other SDLC activities Ability to contribute in high- and low-level system design (Sequence diagram, class diagrams) Strong communication skills, should be able to communicate effectively with business and other stakeholders Dental care 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1099:
JAVA 1.7/1.8 /J2EE, Spring MVC, HTML5, JQuery or ReactJS, Schema, SQL, Version Control System (RTC/GIT preferred), OOPS, and Hibernate. Agile methodology At least 7+ years experience in JAVA/J2EE development and Deployment experience At least 5 years experience in Angular/Node.js, HTML5/Spring MVC/JSP/JQuery or ReactJS, RESTful Services, CI/CD Pipeline Experience in WebServices or Microservices Very good knowledge of the development life-cycle and to have practical experience with Agile framework; Knowledge of: SOAP Web Services or developing Microservices using SpringBoot, XML, XML Schema, JAX, Design patterns, OOAD. Proven record of work experience in large, geographically distributed teams; Experience in task assignment and coaching for junior programmers; Good skills for time and task management are required; Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1100:
Work on development projects targeted to increase market share, support existing clients to help make them successful and continuously refine the existing platform to meet modern design methodologies. Work with talented, knowledge-driven individuals. We are a close-knit team that is eager for new ideas. We embrace sharing our own knowledge and enriching each other’s experiences. Focus on client success through creative problem-solving. Utilize and adopt open source technology where appropriate. 4-7 years of relevant experience Hands-on experience in React and Redux JavaScript frameworks Software Development skills using C# or Java along with JavaScript Familiar with REST APIs and single-page web application development Strong communication skills. Willingness to convey ideas in a collaborative environment Solid understanding of Software Design fundamentals Bonus pay Monday to Friday Java/C#: 4 years (preferred) React: 2 years (preferred) Redux: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1101:
We’re a technology company delivering next generation tools to accelerate and simplify remarketing. We’re an analytics company leveraging data to inform and empower our customers with clear, actionable insights. And we’re an auction company powering the world’s most advanced and integrated mobile, digital and physical auction marketplaces. Experience with Google Analytics and Tag Manager. 
ScrapedJobID1102:
Dashboard development Alert system and automations Cloud-computing and back-end development Managing a software team Python, Javascript Front-end applications Vue.js and ReactJS Working with Swagger API, Express, NuxtJS Object Oriented Databases like MongoDB or similar Previous management experience with software teams Knowledge of good code collaboration and quality standards Automation / AI model implementation (Python ML Models) AWS Lambda, EC2 and cloud cost optimization LoRaWAN Stack, Networking Linux CLI 
ScrapedJobID1103:
Day-to-day administration of numerous operating environments including joint responsibility for our production environment Assist cross-functional teams with daily web operations tasks You have appreciation for the practices of Site Reliability Engineering You will be a steward of the service life cycle for products and services offered by Benevity Deployment of code to numerous operating environments; installation and configuration of demo/production/training environments Troubleshoot issues that arise in web-based operating environments, document defects in JIRA, work with colleagues to resolve issues Assist with sourcing and testing infrastructure enhancements before deployment Support web operations workflow automation using configuration management and continuous deployment frameworks Apply service delivery best practices Be a great teammate You are a learn a lot, not a know it all Post-secondary diploma, certificate or degree in an IT-related discipline or the wherewithal to have obtained such things Comfort with an outrageous number of acronyms AWS architecture including but not limited to: EC2, RDS, ALB, VPC, VPC Peering, Multi-AR, EFS, EBS, Beanstalk, autoscale groups, direct connect, etc You know what the Well Architected Framework is and how it relates to EC2, S3, RDS, VPCs, NATs, and more 5-7 years Linux/UNIX systems administration experience, preferably in a LAMPJ environment Familiarity with CentOS/RHEL, Apache, MySQL, PHP, Java, Tomcat, Reverse Proxies, Firewalls/NAT, HTTPS, SSL Certificates, SFTP, FTPS, DNS, SMTP Experience in configuration, implementation, and maintenance of SaaS platforms A fierce passion for availability, reliability, and short MTTR Mastery with at least one scripting language (BASH, Perl, Ruby, etc.) We code on this team You know SQL and can debug MySQL and MS-SQL Databases (slow queries, traces, killing queries) Are familiar with the practice of Infrastructure as Code and have done infrastructure coding (ansible and terraform) Familiarity with monitoring and metric collection systems Familiarity with information security best practices and tools Familiarity with backup strategies and tools CMS experience, Drupal preferred Version Control Systems (Git) 
ScrapedJobID1104:
Health and Dental Benefits $1000 towards your health and wellness expenses 3-week paid vacation An inclusive environment Mentorship and career growth Company socials, meditation room, pool table and games room, free massages RRSP matching, ESPP contributions, annual bonus Working at the company ranked #1 in the Great Place to Work survey 2019 BS/MS in computer science or equivalent work experience 6+ years experience developing web, software, or mobile applications Solid grasp of software engineering fundamentals and their practical application Solid grasp of JavaScript fundamentals such as closures, prototype, callbacks, promises, error handling Experience with Object Oriented Languages such as: Java/J2EE, C#, VB.NET, Python, C++ Understand and preferably have experience with web services (REST or SOAP) Understand unit testing and preferably Test Driven Development Helpful, can-do attitude and a willingness to take ownership of problems Strong desire to learn and grow Excellent problem solving skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Commitment to team success and positive team dynamics Deliver high quality full-stack applications (requirements, design, code, documentation, etc.) Roughly 70-85% hands-on coding Contribute to early quality activities, including peer reviews of estimates, designs and code Resolve defects/bugs Partner with team members to deliver against commitments Grow and apply technical skills in service to customers Experience Agile Development, SCRUM, and/or Extreme Programming methodologies 
ScrapedJobID1105:
Lead a team of remote engineers Collaborate with stakeholders and partners across teams and departments Write performant, maintainable code that is easy to read and well-documented Write automated tests to thoroughly validate the correctness of your code Deploy large-scale web applications Have a focus on quality, and operate iteratively to get from good to better Be a part of your team's on-call rotation; we all own our code end-to-end from development to deployment to operations Come ready to learn from some of the best and brightest in the industry Work independently and collaboratively in a dynamic and fast-moving team Be effective in a team environment working with fellow engineers, product management, and design Experience with React or similar UI frameworks (e.g. Vue, AngularJS) Experience with Ruby on Rails or similar web frameworks (e.g. Django) Experience with deployment systems (e.g. CodeShip, AWS CodeDeploy) Familiarity with AWS Services (e.g. RDS, Kinesis, EC2, Lambda, et cetera) Familiarity with the Linux Operating System and command-line tools Understanding of OO design, algorithms, and data structures Familiarity with implementing e-commerce solutions is beneficial Aptitude to quickly learn new languages and technologies as necessary Computer Science or related degree Once in a lifetime opportunity to help revolutionize how the world learns! Fun, collaborative, and team-oriented work environment with plenty of training and a feedback rich culture Remote friendly Hackfest! Work-life balance Flexible PTO plus a floating holiday (for your birthday!) Paid VTO ("Volunteer Time Off" to do community service/charity work) 52 hours of Free Learning Sessions per year for you or immediate families members and free access to our Virtual School Day classes and School@Home program Collaborative, and team-oriented work environment Try a free trial of our Live Learning Platform here: https://www.varsitytutors.com/freetrial 
ScrapedJobID1106:
Capital Markets WPF/ASP.Net (10+ years) C# .Net Core Web API Good understanding and experience architecting back-end solutions including design pattern 
ScrapedJobID1107:
3+ years working with React. 3+ years working with NodeJS. 5+ years in javascript/typescript development. Good experience with unit testing frameworks in React and NodeJS. Experience working on high traffic websites. Experience with collaboration tools such as JIRA and Confluence. Some knowledge of RESTful API principles. Experience with NestJs. Experience with Google Cloud Platform. Self-motivated with strong team spirit. Strong work ethic. Ability to work independently with little supervision as well as ability to coordinate and collaborate within a team. Excellent multi-tasking skills. Ability to communicate well to both technical and non-technical staff. Excellent knowledge of pure JavaScript. Excellent knowledge of REST principles and API architecture. Extensive experience with HTML 5, CSS 3 and responsive web development. Knowledge and practical experience with agile methodologies, particularly SCRUM. Good cross-browser and cross-device development experience. Good awareness of best practice user interface design principles. Excellent communication skills - verbal and written. Building JavaScript SPAs using React. Building supporting NodeJS+NestJs backends with integration with other external APIs and Google Cloud Platform. Hands on responsive web development using HTML5 and CSS. Designing and implementing unit tests to validate the functionality is implemented correctly. Managing and improving current sites in line with changing business requirements. Assist in defining software architecture and user interface design approaches. Implementing accurate and reliable code in time according to specification to deliver needed functionality. Remain current to Web sites and mobile trends in design and technology. Someone with passion for creating efficient and effective UIs for an enterprise-level SaaS platform and has a high standard of quality in that regard. Working in a fast-paced organization using Agile/Scrum methodology to deliver excellent solutions for our demanding customer service and operations requirements. 
ScrapedJobID1108:
Architecting bespoke web-based solutions that meet our client's business needs using your skills in both frontend (typically React) and backend (Node) JavaScript. Ensuring secure and elegant code is implemented across our Node-based clients. Working with strategists, designers and front-end developers to define and create amazing digital experiences. HTML, CSS, Core JS. Strong experience in one of React, Angular, Vue. GraphQL based state management or Redux (Flux architecture) experience. Experience with Gatsby and/or headless CMS platforms is a plus. Expertise in core Node. Comfortable with modern JavaScript including ES6 through ES9. Express server expertise. Socket.io expertise. Comfortable working with streams. Experience architecting and documenting RESTful APIs. Database configuration, management and deployment. Interest or experience with AWS/Azure/Google Cloud or other Cloud Platforms. Architecting serverless solutions. 
ScrapedJobID1109:
We're building a Kubernetes-native SaaS business that lives in the cloud. Our event-driven platform is underpinned with proven infrastructure technologies like Kafka, Postgres, and NoSQL storage. Our web UI uses modern technologies (like TypeScript, React, and GraphQL), and is always evolving to incorporate the best solutions for live, real-time interactions, that puts user experience first. Java and Spring-Boot have been a faithful workhorse powering our application. We're strongly committed to moving our code-base into the functional programming paradigm, introducing Scala superpowers, and making use of modern libraries and tooling. Build the next-generation of Statflo software with a collaborative and supportive team. Work in an agile environment with teammates in all types of roles. Build maintainable and understandable code. Share knowledge about what you've learned and built, and the challenges you've encountered, during our technology team get-togethers. Level-up everyone around you. Absorb the collective brilliance of your team. Bring our code and technologies to the next level! You have engineering experience in Scala or Java. A good understanding of web applications; Typescript and React, or other modern frameworks. You have experience using relational and NoSQL databases (column-oriented, graph, or other). Experience with API/micro-services design. Experience with deploying into and working directly with Kubernetes. Disciplined in your use of testing and automated deployment. You use, or are passionate about learning, typed functional programming. You understand category-theoretic concepts, and know how to apply them in a practical and approachable manner. You have a sense of ownership and responsibility for the code you write. Effective communication and collaboration skills. You are eager to problem-solve and troubleshoot. 
ScrapedJobID1110:
JAVA 1.7/1.8 /J2EE, Spring MVC, HTML5, JQuery or ReactJS, Schema, SQL, Version Control System (RTC/GIT preferred), OOPS, and Hibernate. Agile methodology At least 7+ years experience in JAVA/J2EE development and Deployment experience At least 5 years experience in Angular/Node.js, HTML5/Spring MVC/JSP/JQuery or ReactJS, RESTful Services, CI/CD Pipeline Experience in WebServices or Microservices Very good knowledge of the development life-cycle and to have practical experience with Agile framework; Knowledge of: SOAP Web Services or developing Microservices using SpringBoot, XML, XML Schema, JAX, Design patterns, OOAD. Proven record of work experience in large, geographically distributed teams; Experience in task assignment and coaching for junior programmers; Good skills for time and task management are required; Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1111:
Responsible for guiding and creating remarkable and progressive digital experiences for a variety of audiences to support our business in Canada, with an emphasis on responsive and mobile designs Work closely with stakeholders to define the user experience for secure digital properties, ensuring they closely align with the client's key success factors Work collaboratively with fellow members of the team to conceptualize design and prototype ideas for implementation on the web and mobile Apply user-centred design principles to influence project strategy and direction Advocate for data-driven design solutions for web and mobile Define user personas, and map user journeys Create distinctive, branded digital experiences that are desirable and consistent across multiple platforms, devices and channels Develop user scenarios, personas, user flows, design concepts, low and high-fidelity wireframes, and prototypes, UI standards documents, and other design documents as needed Design and deliver elegant and delightful visual elements of a coherent product experience Conduct concept and usability testing to iteratively validate and improve design solutions Explore solution space and refine concepts via wireframes and detailed high-fidelity design Define the visual style and position relative to design guidelines Build prototypes and test them with users to validate customer needs and understand requirements and behaviours Collaborate with other designers to maintain a level of design consistency and coherence across products and services Clearly articulate proposed design and key decisions with stakeholders Actively collaborate as part of the team to ensure designs are feasible and implemented accurately Ensure standards and best practices are appropriately communicated and documented Manage user experience deliverables produced by internal and 3rd party resources as required to ensure expectations are successfully met Produce annotated wireframes, design specs and other documentation as needed within all project timelines Ensure the workflow reflects the users’ needs and maintain consistency among features Determine the need for user research and user testing. Interpret and review research findings for presentations to project teams 3-5 years of experience in user-centered digital design and user experience Solid UX Practice/Process University degree or certification in User Experience, or equivalent work experience Solid portfolio demonstrating impactful customer experiences, including experience developing digital products from initial concept through to implementation Design experience ranging across web and mobile (mobile web and native applications) Strong knowledge and experience designing wireframes and interactive prototypes using industry software (e.g., Sketch and inVision) Familiar working with design systems that consistently scale across platforms Well-versed in current accessibility standards Strong visual design skills, able to create compelling, branded, high-fidelity product screens Strong verbal and writing communication skills with ability to articulate the value of a design choice to users and non-designer stakeholders. Excellent presentation skills Experience working with clients and various departments within a team environment Knowledge of current web standards and the latest trends Ability to successfully manage and deliver on multiple projects with competing deadlines and priorities Creative problem solving and analytical thinking Able to produce high-quality creative solutions in a fast-paced environment Synthesizes abstract ideas into tangible solutions for design Passionate about problem solving through design Sees value in taking an iterative design approach Strong sense of ownership and proactively advocates for the end user Open to taking on new challenges and learning new skills Collaborative, curious, empathetic, open-minded, innovative Understanding of front-end web development an asset (HTML, CSS, JS, etc.) Experience working in agile methodology is a plus 
ScrapedJobID1112:
Support and guide the client in the analysis and definition of needs, in orientation, as well as in the choice and evaluation of appropriate technological solutions 
ScrapedJobID1113:
B.S. degree or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or similar field 6+ years of test automation experience in both back-end/API and front-end/UI environments Strong coding ability within a test automation capacity, ideally using Java Experience with NoSQL/big data tools such as Cassandra, Solr, MongoDB, Hadoop, Kafka, Elasticsearch, etc. Experience with both private and public cloud, SaaS-based solutions, and multi-threaded programming, web service API development, etc. Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1114:
Provide expertise with application and database integration technologies, including solution and service-oriented architectures Follow Agile/Scrum Methodology: daily scrums, grooming, planning, retrospectives and project meetings as required Liaise with Product Management, DevOps and other project teams as required Work with the Product Management team to help in the gathering and documentation of requirements Working with an architecture team to create detailed Functional and Technical Specification designs Engage end-users and stakeholders during implementation Ability to quickly ramp up and apply new technologies and processes Enjoy working in a highly collaborative & dynamic team environment Strong debugging skills, to find the root cause of issues and resolve them 3-5 years of software development experience University degree in Computer Science, Programming, or equivalent education Self-learner and someone who is not afraid to embrace latest technologies Experience working in a diverse and multi-location company Proven ability to design software applications following object-oriented methodologies Demonstrated experience implementing solutions that are scalable and highly available based on industry best practices Software development experience in Java/J2EE and Spring eco-system (Core, MVC, Batch, Boot, etc…) Micro-services experience in implementation and API design Knowledgeable with data access technologies (Hibernate, OData, etc.) Experience with REST, especially with Java API for Restful Web Services, JSON data structures Experience with Git/Bamboo/Bitbucket Knowledgeable in Continuous Delivery practices Knowledge of Database SQL (MSSQL and Oracle, etc) Knowledge of Eclipse and/or IntelliJ Cloud experience: AWS, Azure, etc. .Net experience Angular/AngularJS & testing frameworks (Jasmine, Karma & Protractor) HTML markup language, HTML 5 related technologies Core CSS, CSS 3 (layout, box model, text effects, etc…) Core JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap Basic knowledge of UNIX/Linux Bonuses Insurance coverage as of Day One Paid vacation and personal days RRSP matching Personal Spending Account (PSA) A modern Continuous Performance Process approach A dynamic and engaged culture Open-concept workspace with spectacular views of the city! 
ScrapedJobID1115:
Candidate must be located within commuting distance of Mississauga Bachelor's degree or foreign equivalent required from an accredited institution. Will also consider three years of progressive experience in the specialty in lieu of every year of education. At least 4 years of Information Technology experience. Canadian citizens and those authorized to work in the Canada are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor at this time. At least 2 years of Development experience on C#, ASP.Net, Web Services, Entity Frameworks,, MVC, Web API and SQL Servers. Strong knowledge of .NET web framework Open to learning new cloud based technologies like AWS At least 3 years of experience in the software development life cycle. At least 2 years of experience in Project life cycle activities on development and maintenance projects. Willing to work in application/production support Strong communication and Analytical skills Ability to work in a team in a diverse/ multiple stakeholder environment Experience and desire to work in a Global delivery environment Good presentation and communication skills to express what is being worked on day-to-day activities 
ScrapedJobID1116:
Program using React Native Work with back-end developers to define API contracts and use those contracts in-app Collaborate with the client to determine feasibility of requirements Ensure ongoing code quality via automated unit and integration testing Develop and deliver platform and application enhancements which meet or exceed customer needs Work with UX Designers, Architects, and other Developers to implement full stack web and mobile solutions Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability Work as part of an Agile Scrum team Design and develop scalable web applications using open source technologies Create solutions using leading edge technologies Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features Work on bug fixing and improving application performance Working with third-party datasources and APIs 5+ years of work experience in programming mobile applications Expertise in Native Mobile development – iOS and Android Familiarity with common popular React Native libraries, components, and frameworks Ability to work with remote team members Ability to define and implement effective software development methodologies Ability to communicate, influence other supporting teams such as product, QA, devops, etc. to achieve the objectives Experience collaborating with senior developers, project managers, and designers in a fast-paced environment with little supervision Expertise with HTML5, CSS3 and Responsive Web Development Familiarity with Scrum and agile project methodologies Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a closely related field Knowledge of software development best practices Where are you located? iOS development: 1 year (preferred) Android development: 1 year (preferred) .Net: 1 year (preferred) React Native: 1 year (required) C#: 1 year (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1117:

ScrapedJobID1118:
Developing a public facing cloud app at scale, where you gained expertise in all aspects of the Web SDLC from design & implementation to deployment and operations. Amazon Web Services expertise is a bonus. Strong knowledge of industry best practices for such applications Strong JavaScript proficiency with a readiness to use Java. Experience with modern Front End frameworks like React and Redux are important as this position leans more heavily Front End than Back End. Experience with cross-browser, cross-platform, and design constraints on the web and mobile Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent field, or commensurate work experience and knowledge Strong verbal, written, and organizational skills Strong leadership experience: Leading meetings, presenting, technical go to person, and cross-functional leader. Building strong teams - set and evangelize vision, facilitative leadership, attract and retain key talent. Write scalable web application code with the utmost attention to detail, inclusive of accessibility, performance, scalability, security. Build the effective internal and external relationships that are essential to delivering awesome software Leverage your technical leadership to mentor junior engineers, and apply your wisdom towards solving our most difficult architecture and implementation challenges Leverage industry trends so as to make the best technology choices and strategic decisions Take vague customer problems and solve end to end with teamwork and accountability Leading the gathering of functional requirements, developing technical specifications, and project & test planning Acting as the technical subject matter expert: Mentoring fellow engineers, demonstrating technical expertise, and leading a small team solving challenging programming and design problems Roughly 40-60% hands-on coding Generate technical documentation and PowerPoint presentations to communicate architectural and design options, and educate development teams and business users Resolve defects/bugs during QA testing, pre-production, production, and post-release patches Work cross-functionally with various Intuit teams including: product management, QA, Design and/or business units to drive forward results Demonstrate a passion for developing well architected, elegant, web and/or mobile apps Experience with Agile Development, SCRUM, or Extreme Programming methodologies 
ScrapedJobID1119:
Help to manage project scope Designing, developing software solutions Helping to test the software Solving deployment problems Savvy with web technologies – in particular full stack – Java + Javascript Webservices, web applications, mobile applications (asset) Agile development Experience helping to execute test case and develop test plans Azure cloud platform tech - Docker + Kubernetes (ideally) Love working in small teams and feeling your impact! 
ScrapedJobID1120:
Design/develop front-end & back-end web software components Customer interaction Full software development lifecycle – requirements through to delivery Help with project scope definition 5+ years experience in software development with a focus on web-based components Front end experience with Javascript, Typescript, CSS, HTML5 Experience developing microservices RESTful / websocket based APIs Linux environment Eligible to obtain secret level clearance 
ScrapedJobID1121:
Health and Dental Benefits $1000 towards your health and wellness expenses 3-week paid vacation An inclusive environment Mentorship and career growth Company socials, meditation room, pool table and games room, free massages RRSP matching, ESPP contributions, annual bonus Working at the company ranked #1 in the Great Place to Work survey 2019 BS/MS in computer science or equivalent work experience 6+ years experience developing web, software, or mobile applications Solid grasp of software engineering fundamentals and their practical application Solid grasp of JavaScript fundamentals such as closures, prototype, callbacks, promises, error handling Experience with Object Oriented Languages such as: Java/J2EE, C#, VB.NET, Python, C++ Understand and preferably have experience with web services (REST or SOAP) Understand unit testing and preferably Test Driven Development Helpful, can-do attitude and a willingness to take ownership of problems Strong desire to learn and grow Excellent problem solving skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Commitment to team success and positive team dynamics Deliver high quality full-stack applications (requirements, design, code, documentation, etc.) Roughly 70-85% hands-on coding Contribute to early quality activities, including peer reviews of estimates, designs and code Resolve defects/bugs Partner with team members to deliver against commitments Grow and apply technical skills in service to customers Experience Agile Development, SCRUM, and/or Extreme Programming methodologies 
ScrapedJobID1122:

ScrapedJobID1123:
Design, development, implementation, and testing of software applications, as well as the maintenance of existing applications Design database architecture, create/manage build scripts, and continuous documentation Continuous collaboration with team members in an Agile environment, as well as continuous research into up-and-coming, innovative technologies Degree/Diploma in Computer Science, Software/Computer Engineering, Data Science, Mathematics or equivalent 5+ years of software application development at the enterprise level using C++; additional experience with Java is a bonus 4+ years of relational database experience (MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, etc.) as well as build tools (Maven, Ant, Gradle, etc.) and REST API creation/integration Experience with Docker containerization, AWS cloud integration, big data solutions, and JavaScript web development are all considered assets Excellent verbal and written communication skills, and ability to work both in a team and autonomous (remote) environments 
ScrapedJobID1124:

ScrapedJobID1125:

ScrapedJobID1126:
8 hour shift Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID1127:
Working closely with engineering team, develop, maintain, and support company web applications Understanding application requirements and identifying key application features Collaborating with appropriate teams to set specifications for applications Design creative prototypes based on specifications Participate in regular team and project management meetings Keep up with the latest technologies and trends, with a goal to support continuous improvements Produce a high quality, low maintenance code that can be tested automatically and within deadlines Troubleshooting applications Write technical documentation on code you produce BA in Computer Science or Software Engineering preferred A minimum of 5 years of experience working as a Front-End developer Previous experience working in the oil & gas industry would be an asset Experience developing and using REST APIs Experience working on componentized and extensible web applications Experience with Angular, Typescript, JavaScript, HTML, and CSS Strong understanding of cookies, sessions, tokens, web sockets, and web components Experience working with javascript control libraries Experience working with Nx, NodeJs, and NPM Ability to troubleshoot and diagnose bugs using chrome developer tools Experience with ASP.NET Core and C# is preferable Willingness to take ownership and pride in your performance and its impact on company successes Excellent critical thinking and problem-solving skills Ability to be a team player as well as work independently Experience working with distributed virtual teams Strong organizational, planning and time management skills Strong attention to detail Excellent written and oral communication skills Competitive base salary Fantastic benefits package Career development and training opportunities 100% remote opportunity 
ScrapedJobID1128:

ScrapedJobID1129:
Redevelop new Drupal 9 sites on the WxT distribution based on existing Drupal 7 websites Develop and prepare diagrammatic plans for web based service delivery over the internet Analyze the problems outlined by systems analysts/designers in terms of such factors as style and extent of information to be transferred across the internet Select and use the best available web development tools for linking the internet based client to the departmental ?back end? information delivery programs and databases Design high-usability web pages to meet the requirement Verify accuracy and completeness of programs by preparing sample data, and testing them by means of system acceptance test runs made by operating personnel Correct program errors by revising instructions or altering the sequence of operations Test instructions, and assemble specifications, flow charts, diagrams, layouts, programming and operating instructions to document applications for later modification or reference Developing diagrammatic blueprints for a web based service delivery Developing and/or managing the implementation and testing high level usability web pages Identifying and analyzing issues/problems outlined by system analysts and designers to develop solutions Processing problems into solutions or new opportunities/initiatives, identifying and researching optimal web development tools 
ScrapedJobID1130:
Establishing data storage and analytics systems for the Virtual Assistant Authenticated Bot-establishing the flow of authentication through the chatbot from an unauthenticated space to an authenticated space Testing and maintenance of a client facing website A valid Enhanced Reliability or higher Security Clearance. 2-3 years of front-end experience Basic understanding of technical architectures that can furnish secure web properties including the JAMstack and Kubernetes / docker implementations. Basic understanding of decoupled web applications as well as micro services and serverless functions A high degree of knowledge of and has demonstrated producing solutions that are WCAG compliant Systems Integration Systems Engineering System Development Life Cycle Systems Analysis and Design Systems Development, Methodologies, Techniques and tools 
ScrapedJobID1131:
Create Windows applications and web services using modern technologies Maintain code quality by using or implementing development best practices Work with technology leadership to define the right technology solutions to solve complex problems Help maintain and improve current applications by analyzing legacy application and migrate to new code base Support and troubleshoot production issues and provide timely fixes to address critical situations Support help desk to define procedures and scripts for first level and second level support Partner with QA to create test automation scripts 2+ years of experience building Windows and web application using C# and .Net framework 2+ years of experience building Remoting, Web Services, WCF, WPF and Web API 5+ years of experience of VB6/VC++6 for maintaining legacy applications Post-secondary degree or diploma in Computer Science or related field Experience programming WPF Windows Desktop Applications Experience using Entity framework, ADO .Net, LINQ, and ASP.Net and Web Services Experience with SQL 2008 and above database API’s, designing and development of DB Systems Experience using source control such as GitHub / Subversion and working with data-handling using AJAX, JSON and REST API Experience writing unit test and automated testing tools Experience VC++6 COM/DCOM object orientated programming technologies Experience VB6 practical programming skills Experience industry standard test automation tools Familiarity with design thinking and customer centric design Passion to keep up to date on new technologies and how the industry is changing A strong understanding of Windows and web application security best practices Curious Approachable Passionate Solutions finder Associate discount Health and Dental benefits RRSP/DPSP Performance bonuses Learning & Development programs And more.. Hybrid work environment both offsite and onsite 
ScrapedJobID1132:
Collaborate with internal business units to understand business goals & objectives Lead by example, developing efficient, high-performance software, implementing front end using ReactJS Conducts code reviews delivered by the team, ensuring high quality Mentors and builds relationships with team members Provide task estimates adjusted for complexity schedules and engineer skill levels Works with the team to break out stories and assigns to team members Defines quality software solutions mindful of performance, scalability and re-usability, in concert with our Enterprise Architect Establish best practices and an architectural roadmap, working closely with our Enterprise Architect & Engineering Leads Investigate and resolve system issues Monitors progress, identifying potential impediments and bottlenecks; steering the course so commitments are held and projects remain on track Contributes to QA efforts where needed Represents RM in settings where deep knowledge of our tech stack is needed such as RFPs, Security Audits, employee on-boarding, etc. Minimum of 5+ years of experience developing web applications in a similar position, implementing applications in a front-end capacity using ReactJS University Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent knowledge/experience Experience with MySQL database Enterprise level Front End development Experience with ReactJS, React-Redux, Redux-Saga Knowledge of latest ReactJS developments. Hooks: useEffect, useState, useReducer Knowledge of Create React APP and Web-pack Awarded - Canada's Best Managed Companies — 2009-2014 Awarded - Deloitte Technology Fast 50 Leadership Award— 2015 Ranked - Deloitte Technology Fast 50 — 2010-2014 Ranked - Deloitte Technology Fast 500 — 2011-2014 Ranked - Branham 300 — 2010-2015 
ScrapedJobID1133:
You get to work in a dynamic environment full of super passionate and talented people where capabilities are enabled quickly at scale across the globe for travellers. You will grow and further develop your competencies working in a team-oriented results-driven environment where learning and collaboration is celebrated. We value and encourage autonomy for everyone allowing you to make your own decisions and learn from the data. The success of the team is dependent upon the success of the individual. Responsible for the design, development and testing of new features of Umapped’s global itinerary management platform. Build an intuitive customer experience for our mobile and web applications. Ensure appropriate software engineering practices are employed to deliver high quality results. Ability to navigate through a large complex codebase. Ability to rapidly prototype and adjust in response to customer feedback. Writing unit/e2e tests to ensure code quality and increase test coverage. Work closely with the Product Manager, Design UX/UI, and Analytics teams to define the business requirements for new projects. Collaborate across team boundaries with other teams (including global team members). Communicate issues and technical roadblocks effectively. Drive and passion towards building great and sustainable products. Contribute to the ongoing support and monitoring of the technology infrastructure. Languages: Java 8 and higher, Kotlin, Golang Scripting Languages: JavaScript, Typescript, Groovy, Python JS based web frameworks - Material-UI w/ React JS SQL, NoSQL and graph databases and caching (PostgreSQL, DynamoDb, ElasticSearch, Redis, Neo4J, etc) Linux Git Experience in e-commerce platforms Experience in the travel industry Experience with Front-end libraries/framework - React, Angular, Vue Exposure to native mobile development (IOS and Android) Exposure to React Native framework Experience with AWS technologies is preferred (Cloudfront, RDS, infrastructure) Generous remuneration structure Travel perks/discounts, in-house financial and health services Generous paid-time off policy National/International Award Nights and Conferences Diversity & Inclusion initiatives Benefits including vision, medical, and dental Employee Assistance Program Contributory RRSP/RPP matching scheme Company Share purchase scheme Global career opportunities in a network of brands and businesses Ongoing training and professional development Fun and flexible work environment Proud Corporate Social Responsibility platform through the Flight Centre Foundation and Brighter Futures program supporting nominated charities through Workplace Giving, Volunteering and Fundraising.
Employee giving program
Annual Charity Trip
Office Environmental Program
1 Volunteer Day per Calendar Year Employee giving program Annual Charity Trip Office Environmental Program 1 Volunteer Day per Calendar Year 
ScrapedJobID1134:

ScrapedJobID1135:

ScrapedJobID1136:
Primarily focused on development, problem solving and challenging yourself and the team to build robust security capabilities for the global bank. Ensuring products are well maintained by identifying and eliminating technical debt. Ability to showcase progress in projects/initiatives/programs, holding people accountable to their commitments and making sure we are on track for successful delivery. Participating in design discussions focused on building the best customer experience. Design and implementation of best practices/processes. Assisting in architectural solution designs, roadmaps and related strategies that are aligned to Enterprise Security Standards. Present and leverage technical information and solutions in a way that establishes trust relationships, persuade stakeholders and achieve understanding and consensus at all levels. Assess and analyze business strategy & requirements, the current technical environment and technology options to evaluate solution alternatives that meet business needs and bank strategy. Participating in planning and review sessions. Partner with multiple teams across the bank to collaborate on strategy and direction. Assisting senior management to enforce standards and methodology; ensuring solutions are in line with the technology roadmap and mentoring the technical team members on a project to project basis A strong product development mindset with a clean code approach. 7+ years experience of frontend development (proficient React/Redux, NodeJS, typescript ) is required along with a good understanding of backend development. Experience with developing prototypes that align with the banks UI/UX practices. Experience with coaching team members for best frontend development practices. Experience with reviewing code, product solutions, architectural design, etc is required Experience with designing documentation and other internal materials is considered essential Having the ability to learn, analyze and adapt to constantly changing technologies and strategic goals is considered essential. Experience with Cloud Development technologies is considered a plus. Experience in collaborating with other teams and stakeholders to enable new capabilities. Experience in defining current and future state for products and the associated roadmaps would be considered a strong asset. Attention to details, high standards for quality, ability to balance risk with technological advancements. Excellent interpersonal, communication, and influencing skills with ability to build and foster relationships with business users, project stakeholders, strategic technology partners and external vendors and clients. We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does Onsite cafeteria We offer a competitive total rewards package that includes a base salary, a performance bonus, company matching programs (on pension & profit sharing), generous vacation, personal & sick days, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID1137:
Yes 
ScrapedJobID1138:
Develop frontend software solutions by studying information needs like studying systems flow, data usage and work processes; investigating problem areas; following the software development lifecycle Determine operational feasibility by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development and proposed solutions Document and demonstrate solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code Prepare and install solutions by determining and designing system specifications, standards, and programming Update job knowledge by studying state-of-the-art development tools, programming techniques and computing equipment Participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks Protect operations by keeping information confidential Provide information by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing development and production issues Accomplish engineering and organization mission by completing related results as needed Understand company needs to define enterprise system specifications Collaborating with other GIS software professionals to determine functional and non-functional Bachelor's degree with major course work in computer science or a related field is required. Equivalent work experience in a similar position may be substituted for education requirements At least 5-7 years of experience with software engineering, system administration, programming, and/or a related field Strong proficiency in JavaScript, including DOM manipulation and the JavaScript object model Knowledge of HTML/CSS, JQuery Familiarity with RESTful APIs Prior experience with popular React.js workflows (such as Flux or Redux) Familiarity with code versioning tools, especially Git/Github Familiarity with modern front-end build pipelines and tools Experience with common front-end development tools such as Babel, Webpack, NPM, etc. Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements A knack for benchmarking and optimization A technical mindset with great attention to detail Problem-solving aptitude Développer des solutions logicielles front-end en étudiant les besoins en informations comme l'étude des flux des systèmes, l'utilisation des données et les processus de travail ; enquêter sur les domaines problématiques; suivant le cycle de vie du développement logiciel Déterminer la faisabilité opérationnelle en évaluant l'analyse, la définition du problème, les exigences, le développement de solutions et les solutions proposées Documenter et démontrer des solutions en développant de la documentation, des organigrammes, des mises en page, des diagrammes, des graphiques, des commentaires de code et un code clair Préparer et installer des solutions en déterminant et en concevant les spécifications, les normes et la programmation du système Mettre à jour les connaissances professionnelles en étudiant les outils de développement de pointe, les techniques de programmation et l'équipement informatique Participer à des opportunités éducatives; lire des publications professionnelles; entretien des réseaux personnels Protéger les opérations en gardant les informations confidentielles Fournir des informations en collectant, analysant et résumant les problèmes de développement et de production Accomplir la mission d'ingénierie et d'organisation en complétant les résultats connexes au besoin Comprendre les besoins de l'entreprise pour définir les spécifications du système d'entreprise Collaborer avec d'autres professionnels des logiciels SIG pour déterminer les fonctions fonctionnelles et non fonctionnelles Un baccalauréat avec des cours majeurs en informatique ou dans un domaine connexe est requis. Une expérience de travail équivalente dans un poste similaire peut être substituée aux exigences de formation Au moins 5 à 7 ans d'expérience en génie logiciel, en administration système, en programmation et/ou dans un domaine connexe Solide maîtrise de JavaScript, y compris la manipulation DOM et le modèle d'objet JavaScript Connaissance de HTML/CSS, JQuery Familiarité avec les API RESTful Expérience préalable avec les workflows React.js populaires (tels que Flux ou Redux) Familiarité avec les outils de versioning de code, en particulier Git/Github Familiarité avec les pipelines et les outils de création front-end modernes Expérience avec les outils de développement front-end courants tels que Babel, Webpack, NPM, etc. Capacité à comprendre les exigences commerciales et à les traduire en exigences techniques Un talent pour l'analyse comparative et l'optimisation Un esprit technique avec une grande attention aux détails Aptitude à la résolution de problèmes 
ScrapedJobID1139:
Des professionnels hautement motivés ayant un large éventail d'expertises et l’attitude centrée-client de consultation / génie conseil. Des professionnels/les ayant la capacité de s'adapter autant à des tâches exécutées à l'interne qu'à des projets réalisés directement chez nos clients. Des individus curieux avec un esprit ouvert et une mentalité startup de créativité et d’exploration novatrice. Highly motivated professionals with expert backgrounds and a service mindset to be a consultant Professionals with ability to work both with in-house projects and on-site assignments at our customer’s locations Inquisitive, open-minded individuals with a startup mentality of outside-the-box exploration and creativity. Effectuer des activités d’analyse de requis, architecture, maquettes, prototypes, conception détaillée, implémentation, vérification et tests des interfaces usager de systèmes embarqués et infonuagiques complexes. Travailler étroitement avec nos équipes de conception de logiciel (incluant logiciel embarqué) pour produire de designs de haute qualité. Perform requirements analysis, architecture, mockups, prototypes, detailed design, implementation, verification and test tasks on user interfaces of complex embedded and cloud-based systems. Work closely with our Software and Embedded FW groups to produce high quality designs. Baccalauréat en génie logiciel, informatique ou l’équivalent. Minimum de 5 ans d’expérience dedéveloppement React, JavaScript, Typescript, CSS Expérience avec Nginx, de préférence sur des projets embarqués. Expérience de la conception de services d’API REST Expérience avec Swagger, OpenAPI fortement souhaitée Expérience éprouvée dans le travail avec la méthodologie Agile Expérience avec les pipelines CI/CD Connaissances avancées d’OOP De l’expérience avec le développement piloté par les tests est un plus Une expérience de niveau expert avec d’autres technologies Web modernes dans un ou plusieurs frameworks tels que Angular, Node.js, ASP.NET, ASP.NET Core, Java EE, Python est un plus De l’expérience avec d’autres moteurs est un plus (Apache, etc.) Plus de 4 ans d’expérience pratique avec les bases de données relationnelles et / ou NoSQL, y compris, mais sans s’y limiter, MySQL, MariaDB, MS SQL Server, Oracle, DB2, MongoDB, Cassandra, Redis, etc. sont un plus Portefeuille requis avant une éventuelle entrevue Bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent. Minimum of 5 years of React, JavaScript, Typescript, CSS development experience Experience with Nginx, preferably on embedded projects. Experience with designing REST API services Experience with Swagger, OpenAPI is strongly desired Proven track record working with Agile Methodology Experience with CI/CD pipelines Advanced knowledge of OOP Experience with Test Driven Development is a plus Expert level experience with other modern Web technologies in one or multiple frameworks such as Angular, Node.js, ASP.NET, ASP.NET Core, Java EE, Python are a plus Experience with other engines is a plus (Apache, etc.) 4+ years of hands-on experience with relational and/or NoSQL databases including but not limited to MySQL, MariaDB, MS SQL Server, Oracle, DB2, MongoDB, Cassandra, Redis, etc. are a plus Portfolio required before possible interview Nous pouvons clairement voir votre dévouement et votre passion pour les flux de travail modernes et fluides et les performances d’interfaces pour systèmes embarqués et infonuagiques. Vous avez un œil pour les implémentations parfaites au pixel près des concepts UX et des flux utilisateurs à supporter. Excellente contribution au travail d’équipe Sens élevé de l’organisation, de l’auto-suffisance, avec une mentalité d’équipe Excellentes aptitudes de communication orale et écrite, dont la capacité à produire de la documentation claire pour les collègues et les clients. Excellents talents analytiques et aptitudes de solution de problèmes De l’entregent, une prédisposition et un désir à la collaboration amicale et respectueuse avec autrui We can clearly see your dedication and passion for smooth modern workflows & performances for both embedded and cloud-based enterprise level designs. A great eye for pixel perfect implementations of provided UX designs and user flows Great team player Organized, goal-oriented, self-starter, with a team focused mentality Excellent communication skills Outstanding analytical skills and problem-solving ability Excellent written and oral communication skills with the ability to produce clear documentation for both colleagues and customer A friendly willingness to collaborate and play nice with others Culture Corporative – des gens exceptionnels et un environnement flexible avec beaucoup d’activités sociales! En fait, nous avons même gagné un prix à ce sujet ! Conciliation travail/famille – 4 semaines de vacances dès l’embauche et le boulot ne vous suis pas à la maison ! Opportunités de développement professionnel – Travailler au sein d’une société de conception est l’antidote parfait contre le travail répétitif à la chaîne ! Nous avons continuellement une variété de nouveaux projets représentant une grande diversité d’opportunités de croissance. De super avantages sociaux – et ils débutent la même journée que vous… et ils s’étendent à votre famille… et la compagnie contribue à votre REER en même temps que vous ! Company Culture – outstanding people and a flexible work environment with lots of after work activities/groups! It’s so great, we even won an award for it! Work/Life Balance – 4 weeks holidays to start and work that stays at work! Career Growth Opportunities – being a design house keeps variety in your work. New opportunities happening all the time! Great Benefits – and, they start the same day you do… and, they include your family… and, the company matches your RRSP contributions! 
ScrapedJobID1140:
Télétravail libre. Pas de quota de jours à l’agence, tu y viens pour collaborer avec tes collègues à la création de projets authentiques. Flexibilité d’horaire. On privilégie une balance équilibrée entre les réalisations professionnelles et la vie personnelle ou familiale. Formation continue. Pour te permettre d’atteindre ton plein potentiel humain et professionnel, on t’encourage fortement à développer tes connaissances et ton expertise. Vie d’entreprise et sociale riche. Party annuels, 5 à 7, dîner d’équipe, lunch and learn, sorties sociales ou activités spontanées, on privilégie l'établissement de liens humains forts entre les membres de notre équipe. Un salaire et des avantages compétitifs. Parce qu’après tout, ça reste une partie importante de ton bien-être global. Produire du matériel graphique numérique soigné, en cohésion avec l’intégrité des marques et des projets qui te seront confiés Concevoir les design des projets Web de l’agence Travailler en collaboration avec l’équipe créative, numérique et le service-client Respecter le calendrier de production et les paramètres budgétaires dans la livraison des mandats Toute autre tâche connexe pour supporter le département. Diplôme d’études collégiales en graphisme ou dans un domaine connexe Expérience en agence essentielle Expérience minimale de 5 à 10 ans en design numérique et en design Web Bonne expérience en design Web et en UX Maîtrise du design graphique imprimé Connaissance de Figma un atout Autonomie, rigueur et sens des responsabilités Seules les candidatures correspondant à ce profil seront considérées. 
ScrapedJobID1141:
Collaborate with stakeholders, understanding business opportunities, collecting relevant information, and bringing insights to their strategy. Develop backend applications (with Python or Java), and frontend web applications (React). Fixing bugs and provide required support. Work on improvements for business products. Bachelor"s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related. At least 2-3 years of experience in the field. Experience working on end-to-end full-stack applications Proficient in Python or Java, and web development. Experience with relational databases and document stores. Attention to detail. Great communication skills and willingness to learn. Contact with Linux with version control. Cloud experience on Google Cloud or AWS. Containerization in Docker or Kubernetes. Experience with highly available distributed systems Collaborer avec les parties prenantes, comprendre les opportunités commerciales, collecter les informations pertinentes et apporter des informations à leur stratégie. Développer des applications backend (avec Python ou Java), et des applications web frontend (React). Corriger les bugs et fournir le support requis. Travailler sur des améliorations pour les produits d'affaires. Baccalauréat en informatique, en génie ou dans un domaine connexe. Au moins 2-3 ans d'expérience dans le domaine. Expérience de travail sur des applications full-stack de bout en bout. Maîtrise de Python ou Java, et du développement web. Expérience avec les bases de données relationnelles et les magasins de documents. Souci du détail. Excellentes capacités de communication et volonté d'apprendre. Contact avec Linux avec contrôle de version. Expérience cloud sur Google Cloud ou AWS. Conteneurisation dans Docker ou Kubernetes. Expérience avec des systèmes distribués hautement disponibles 
ScrapedJobID1142:
Collaborate directly with, and as part of the development team Writing automated tests for our front and back end systems Identify where our testing gaps exist, and suggest solutions, including new frameworks and testing harnesses Champion quality across the organization, and help other developers improve their approach to quality Contribute to the strategy of our software development initiatives Participating in our agile process by being an active contributor in daily standups and bi-weekly sprint kick-offs and retrospectives You are a software developer with the automate-first mindset (Typescript, Ruby, Java, etc.) You have experience with continuous testing and have developed scripts to simplify aspects of the QA process You have automation experience testing web applications (Selenium, WebdriverIO, JUnit, Cypress, etc.) You understand how to test back-end web services using contract tests, API tests, etc. You have done performance testing and are familiar with its tooling (K6, jMeter, etc.) You understand the concept of CI/CD and the popular continuous integration systems (Jenkins, Github Actions, etc.) You are familiar with AWS technology and have a strong empathy for DevOps (Kubernetes, lambda, docker, CloudWatch etc.) You understand the challenges developers face, and aim to collaboratively address issues in order to move quickly and with confidence You're excited to be a catalyst for continuous improvement A remote friendly office with flexible hours - for this role we will consider all applications from those based in Canada with the option to work from our Vancouver office 4 weeks vacation plus Christmas Holiday Closure - you're entitled to the week of Christmas off with pay through to and including Jan 1st Vacation bonus - $1,000.00 12 Personal Wellness Days (This includes: Personal day, Moving day, Sick day, etc) Health and Wellness budget - $500.00 Networking budget - $500.00 A paid day off for your birthday One paid Volunteer day per year All Unbouncers are encouraged to dedicate 10% of their time to Pro-D time 
ScrapedJobID1143:
Dirigera toute activité du cycle de vie du développement logiciel ; estimer et planifier, concevoir, coder, documenter et tester des applications logicielles Peut assumer certaines responsabilités d'architecture Responsable d'assurer la conformité de la conception et de la mise en œuvre avec l'architecture prévue Fournira un mentorat technique aux membres de l'équipe de projet et sera responsable de la supervision directe du personnel subalterne de l'équipe Agir en tant que gestionnaire hiérarchique pour un groupe de 3 développeurs ou plus, y compris le mentorat de carrière et les évaluations de performance formelles Travailler en étroite collaboration avec le chef de projet qui réalise le projet et l'architecte qui fournit des conseils sur les solutions et les pratiques d'ingénierie Travaillera avec les analystes commerciaux et/ou les utilisateurs finaux pour définir, documenter et réviser les spécifications fonctionnelles du système ainsi que les exigences logicielles et matérielles Relève généralement d'un gestionnaire de pratique ; soutenir la pratique en administrant les politiques et en participant au processus de recrutement Peut fournir un support avant-vente, en étroite collaboration avec un architecte Travailler sur toute autre tâche connexe chaque fois que nécessaire Démontrer le leadership d'équipes de développement multidisciplinaires Agir en tant que consultant fournissant des conseils dans son domaine d'expertise, renforçant la crédibilité et faisant preuve de leadership, en s'engageant directement avec le client Posséder d'excellentes compétences en communication avec la capacité de traduire les besoins commerciaux des clients en recommandations de développement de logiciels pour une équipe multidisciplinaire ; chef de projet, analyste d'affaires, analyste qualité et développeurs Démontrer des compétences en résolution de problèmes pour faire face à des situations complexes tout en proposant des solutions créatives S'efforcer de s'améliorer continuellement et de se développer personnellement, en encourageant de manière proactive les membres de l'équipe à en faire de même Plus de 9 ans d’expérience dans l’analyse orientée objet, la conception, le développement et l’intégration de produits logiciels. Plus de 5 ans d’expérience en programmation avec React, Angular ou un autre framework JavaScript similaire Plus de 3 ans en tant que chef d’équipe (taille de l’équipe technique de 3 formations et / ou expérience requises: Connaissance des plateformes Cloud (Azure, AWS) Expérience pratique dans toutes les couches d’une application Web d’entreprise, du backend au front-end. Capacité à écrire des algorithmes complexes Expérience avec les architectures logicielles modernes Capacité avérée à respecter les délais et à réaliser avec succès les livrables Expérience avec le développement Agile ou toute autre méthodologie de développement logiciel itérative Expérience pratique de l’intégration continue Nécessite un diplôme et / ou au moins 9 ans d’expérience connexe Will lead any software development lifecycle activity; estimating and planning, designing, coding, documenting and testing of software applications May take on some architecture responsibilities Responsible for ensuring conformance of design and implementation with the intended architecture Will provide technical mentorship to project team members and will be responsible for direct supervision of subordinate staff on the team Will act as hierarchical manager for a group of 3 or more developers, including career mentorship and formal performance reviews Work closely with the Project Manager who delivers the project and the architect who provides solution and engineering practices guidance Will work with Business Analysts and/or End Users to define, document and review system functional specifications as well as software and hardware requirements Typically reports to a Practice Manager; supporting the practice administrating policies and participating in the recruitment process May provide pre-sales support, working closely with an architect Work on any other related task whenever necessary Demonstrate leadership of multidisciplinary development teams Act as a consultant providing advisory in his area of expertise, building credibility and demonstrating leadership, engaging directly with the client Possess excellent communication skills with the ability to translate client business needs into software development recommendations for a multi-disciplinary team; project manager, business analyst, quality analyst and developers Demonstrate problem solving skills to deal with complex situations while providing creative solutions Strive for continuous improvement and personal development, proactively encouraging the same from team members 9+ years of experience in Object Oriented analysis, design, development and integration of software products. 5+ years of experience programming with React, Angular or another similar JavaScript Framework 3+ years as a Team Lead (technical team size of 3 people or more) 2+ years of experience programming with NodeJS Knowledge of Cloud platforms (Azure, AWS) Hands on experience within all layers of an enterprise web application, backend to front end. Ability to write complex algorithms Experience with modern software architectures Proven ability to meet deadlines and successfully complete deliverables Experience with Agile Development or any other iterative software development methodology Hands on experience with continuous integration Requires a Degree and/or at least 9 years of related experience 
ScrapedJobID1144:
Extend and optimize existing PHP-based integration of BigBlueButton (Moodle, Wordpress) Work closely with Technical Support Staff in solving issues related to integrations with BigBlueButton Participate in the public support forums to help other developers building upon BigBlueButton Participate in the public support forums to help users to solve problems related to the integrations with BigBlueButton Work closely with other internal and external teams on the development and maintenance of Open Source components Prototype using alternative message buses other than redis pub/sub Bachelor degree in Computer Science or equivalent industry experience 1-3 years experience in creating applications using PHP (include education and co-op work-experience) Proficient at the Linux command line (bash) and using git for source code management Experience in developing applications web-based applications with PHP Ability to demonstrate your skills in PHP (a github account showing that you have been active lately) You have written plugins for Moodle Experience with designing and implementing REST APIs Experience in doing code reviews, software testing Experience using automated testing frameworks Prior experience working in on SaaS infrastructure stack on AWS or GCE Experience in Ruby or Python, bash scripting Experience working with Kubernetes (or equivalent orchestration framework) Experience with GitHub Actions 
ScrapedJobID1145:
Building responsive and dynamic websites for clients. Working as designers to implement visual interfaces. Designing and implementing new features and functionality. Establishing and guiding the website's architecture. Ensuring high-performance and availability and managing all technical aspects of the CMS. Helping formulate an effective responsive design and turning it into a working theme and plugin Possibility for some design if interested. Proficiency in Adobe Creative Cloud (Photoshop, Adobe XD) or similar platforms to wireframe designs for presentation. Understanding of Word press and builders. Understanding of current web standards, principles, and best practices with regards to digital marketing, display ads, and social media. Excellent understanding of front-end technologies, including HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery. Strong understanding of PHP back-end development. Experience building user interfaces for websites and/or web applications. Experience designing and developing responsive design websites. Ability to understand CSS changes and their ramifications to ensure consistent style across platforms and browsers. Ability to convert comprehensive layout and wireframes into working HTML pages. Proficiency in Word press, WooCommerce, Elementor. E-Commerce strategy or experience. Ability to clearly communicate ideas and collaborate at all levels. Photography and video editing skills a plus. 
ScrapedJobID1146:
10+ years experience in enterprise Java development with at least a BSc in Computer Science or Engineering Expertise on core Java concepts like multithreading and implementing complex algorithms Deep understanding of web applications and web services architectures, designs, and technologies Must have experience with Spring and writing integrated tests Must have experience with Hibernate or Jpa Experience designing and implementing RESTful APIs Significant experience with database technologies such as RDBMS, SQL, MySQL, Postgres Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. We are a team here and being able to collaborate well is paramount Familiarity with JIRA and other products in the Atlassian suite Experience with Subversion and Git for managing source code versioning Continuous integration experience with Jenkins Experience with the Agile Scrum development methodology Understanding of, and experience using Angular (Angular 2+) very beneficial Java web application development experience is a plus On-site parking Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Java Development: 10 years (preferred) No Social distancing guidelines in place Sanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place 
ScrapedJobID1147:
Yes 
ScrapedJobID1148:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information technology, or engineering 5+ years of experience building web applications Experience or knowledge of Elixir or Ruby on Rails, Phoenix Framework, Tailwind CSS, and JavaScript Experience designing and integrating RESTful APIs Excellent debugging and optimization skills Experience with multiple cloud providers (AWS, GCP, Azure) Unit/integration testing experience Interest in learning new tools, languages, workflows, and philosophies to grow The flexibility required to work in an entrepreneurial environment, where priorities can change quickly Strong teamwork and communication skills Work across the full stack, building solutions that enable positive user experiences and measurable business growth Develop new features and infrastructure in support of rapidly emerging business and project requirements Assume leadership of new projects from conceptualization to deployment Ensure application performance, uptime, and scale, maintaining a high standard of code quality and thoughtful application design Work with agile development methodologies, adhering to best practices and pursuing continued learning opportunities Participate in all aspects of agile software development including design, implementation, and deployment Software
Experience In at least 5 years of experience with/in JavaScript API
Experience In at least 5 years of experience with/in Full Stack Developer Experience In at least 5 years of experience with/in JavaScript API Experience In at least 5 years of experience with/in Full Stack Developer 
ScrapedJobID1149:
PHP devs - 6-9 years exp. Experience with SQL 2016 Experience integrating legacy code Experience with JIRA and Agile High preference for self-starting Capable of investigating and troubleshooting solutions Highly capable of estimating or articulating criteria for accurate estimations High level of accountability and communication 
ScrapedJobID1150:

ScrapedJobID1151:

ScrapedJobID1152:

ScrapedJobID1153:
Write performant, maintainable code that is easy to read and well-documented Write automated tests to thoroughly validate the correctness of your code Deploy large-scale web applications Focus on quality, and operate iteratively to get from good to better Be a part of your team's on-call rotation; we all own our code end-to-end from development to deployment to operations Come ready to learn from - and with - some of the best and brightest in the industry Work independently and collaboratively in a dynamic and fast-moving team - we ask a lot of questions so come ready to participate! Be effective in a team environment working with fellow engineers, product management, and design Further your professional development in an ambiguous working environment, by understanding complexities and using your judgment to make balanced trade-offs Experience with highly concurrent languages such as GoLang, Java or Scala Experience with deployment systems (e.g. CodeShip, AWS CodeDeploy) Familiarity with AWS Services (e.g. RDS, Kinesis, Lambda, EC2, et cetera) Familiarity with the Linux Operating System and command-line tools Experience with Ruby on Rails or similar web frameworks is beneficial (e.g. Django) Understanding of OO design, algorithms, and data structures Familiarity with implementing e-commerce solutions is beneficial Familiarity with Search Engine Optimization best practices and techniques is beneficial Aptitude to quickly learn new languages and technologies as necessary Resilience and the ability to continuously build solutions in unclear situations Computer Science or related degree Once in a lifetime opportunity to help revolutionize how the world learns! Fun, collaborative, and team-oriented work environment with plenty of training and a feedback rich culture Remote friendly Hackfest! Work-life balance Flexible PTO plus a floating holiday (for your birthday!) 52 hours of Free Learning Sessions per year for you or immediate families members and free access to our Virtual School Day classes and School@Home program Collaborative, and team-oriented work environment Try a free trial of our Live Learning Platform here: https://www.varsitytutors.com/freetrial 
ScrapedJobID1154:
You will write well designed, testable, efficient code by using best software development practices You will gather and refine specifications and requirements based on technical needs You will be directing day-to-day activities in a manner consistent with our risk culture and the relevant risk appetite statement and limits and communicate it throughout the team. You will create an environment in which your team pursues effective and efficient operations of their respective areas while ensuring the adequacy, adherence to and effectiveness of day-to-day business controls to meet obligations with respect to risk and compliance You will create and maintain software documentation You will be creating software for Scotiabank Commercial Customers and Scotiabank Employee’s You have experience working with authenticated, customer focused software You have deep knowledge and experience with REST API design, Java Spring Boot You have a deep knowledge and experience with HTML / JavaScript / Typescript CSS You have experience with one modern JS framework – specifically, React You’ve built accessible and internationalized web applications before (Java, J2EE) You have built software for customers and employees You stay up to date with industry best practice You have excellent communication skills, problem solving skills, and attention to detail We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity and curiosity and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create meaningful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world We hire you for your talent not just a job so you can grow with us. We’ll equip you for success not only in your role, but also in your career as a whole Access to thousands of online and in-person courses so you can hone your current skills, or learn new ones A competitive rewards package that includes a base salary, a performance bonus, company matching programs on pension and profit sharing, paid vacation, personal & sick days, medical, vision, and dental benefits that start from day one and much more! 
ScrapedJobID1155:

ScrapedJobID1156:
Design, development, implementation, and testing of software applications, as well as the maintenance of existing applications Design database architecture, create/manage build scripts, and continuous documentation Continuous collaboration with team members in an Agile environment, as well as continuous research into up-and-coming, innovative technologies Degree/Diploma in Computer Science, Software/Computer Engineering, Data Science, Mathematics or equivalent 5+ years of software application development at the enterprise level in a Java/J2EE environment 4+ years of relational database experience (MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, etc.) as well as build tools (Maven, Ant, Gradle, etc.) and REST API creation/integration Experience with Docker containerization, AWS cloud integration, big data solutions, and JavaScript web development are all considered assets Excellent verbal and written communication skills, and ability to work both in a team and autonomous (remote) environments 
ScrapedJobID1157:
Work on development projects targeted to increase market share, support existing clients to help make them successful and continuously refine the existing platform to meet modern design methodologies. Work with talented, knowledge-driven individuals. We are a close-knit team that is eager for new ideas. We embrace sharing our own knowledge and enriching each other’s experiences. Focus on client success through creative problem-solving. Utilize and adopt open source technology where appropriate. 5-9 years of .Net development experience Must have hands-on experience in React and Redux JavaScript frameworks Software Development skills using C# along with JavaScript Familiar with REST APIs and single-page web application development Strong communication skills. Willingness to convey ideas in a collaborative environment Solid understanding of Software Design fundamentals Monday to Friday React: 2 years (preferred) Redux: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1158:
Responsible for guiding and creating remarkable and progressive digital experiences for a variety of audiences to support our business in Canada, with an emphasis on responsive and mobile designs Work closely with stakeholders to define the user experience for secure digital properties, ensuring they closely align with the client's key success factors Work collaboratively with fellow members of the team to conceptualize design and prototype ideas for implementation on the web and mobile Apply user-centred design principles to influence project strategy and direction Advocate for data-driven design solutions for web and mobile Define user personas, and map user journeys Create distinctive, branded digital experiences that are desirable and consistent across multiple platforms, devices and channels Develop user scenarios, personas, user flows, design concepts, low and high-fidelity wireframes, and prototypes, UI standards documents, and other design documents as needed Design and deliver elegant and delightful visual elements of a coherent product experience Conduct concept and usability testing to iteratively validate and improve design solutions Explore solution space and refine concepts via wireframes and detailed high-fidelity design Define the visual style and position relative to design guidelines Build prototypes and test them with users to validate customer needs and understand requirements and behaviours Collaborate with other designers to maintain a level of design consistency and coherence across products and services Clearly articulate proposed design and key decisions with stakeholders Actively collaborate as part of the team to ensure designs are feasible and implemented accurately Ensure standards and best practices are appropriately communicated and documented Manage user experience deliverables produced by internal and 3rd party resources as required to ensure expectations are successfully met Produce annotated wireframes, design specs and other documentation as needed within all project timelines Ensure the workflow reflects the users’ needs and maintain consistency among features Determine the need for user research and user testing. Interpret and review research findings for presentations to project teams 3-5 years of experience in user-centered digital design and user experience Solid UX Practice/Process University degree or certification in User Experience, or equivalent work experience Solid portfolio demonstrating impactful customer experiences, including experience developing digital products from initial concept through to implementation Design experience ranging across web and mobile (mobile web and native applications) Strong knowledge and experience designing wireframes and interactive prototypes using industry software (e.g., Sketch and inVision) Familiar working with design systems that consistently scale across platforms Well-versed in current accessibility standards Strong visual design skills, able to create compelling, branded, high-fidelity product screens Strong verbal and writing communication skills with ability to articulate the value of a design choice to users and non-designer stakeholders. Excellent presentation skills Experience working with clients and various departments within a team environment Knowledge of current web standards and the latest trends Ability to successfully manage and deliver on multiple projects with competing deadlines and priorities Creative problem solving and analytical thinking Able to produce high-quality creative solutions in a fast-paced environment Synthesizes abstract ideas into tangible solutions for design Passionate about problem solving through design Sees value in taking an iterative design approach Strong sense of ownership and proactively advocates for the end user Open to taking on new challenges and learning new skills Collaborative, curious, empathetic, open-minded, innovative Understanding of front-end web development an asset (HTML, CSS, JS, etc.) Experience working in agile methodology is a plus 
ScrapedJobID1159:
Support and guide the client in the analysis and definition of needs, in orientation, as well as in the choice and evaluation of appropriate technological solutions 
ScrapedJobID1160:
3+ years of professional experience in software development Good understanding of front-end technologies, including HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery Experience building user interfaces for websites and/or web applications Experience designing and developing responsive design websites Comfortable working with debugging tools like Firebug, Chrome inspector, etc. Ability to understand CSS changes and their ramifications to ensure consistent style across platforms and browsers Ability to convert comprehensive layout and wireframes into working HTML pages Knowledge of how to interact with RESTful APIs and formats (JSON, XML) Proficient understanding of code versioning tools Experience with system architecture or leading a software team is a strong advantage 
ScrapedJobID1161:
JavaScript: Typescript, Node.js, ReactJS, Next.js, React-Native, Objection.js, Knex. UI: CSS, SCSS, Bootstrap. Database: Postgres w/ TimescaleDB, Redis. DevOps: AWS, Netlify, Linux, Bash. Developer Tools: MacOS, Jetbrains WebStorm, npm, GitHub/Bitbucket, Postico, Jira Software Engineering:
You will take responsibility for one or more features to be built out in the current sprint.
You will work with the product team to refine the feature spec into a user story and identify what functionality needs to be added, where the functionality needs to be added, etc..
You will implement assigned features in a manner that will scale out effectively as we grow. You will take responsibility for one or more features to be built out in the current sprint. You will work with the product team to refine the feature spec into a user story and identify what functionality needs to be added, where the functionality needs to be added, etc.. You will implement assigned features in a manner that will scale out effectively as we grow. Quality Assurance:
You will work with engineers to design appropriate test cases for their web/mobile application as well as their backend APIs.
You will perform tests on software and record results.
You will identify bugs and log them into their issue tracking system.
You will take ownership of bugs, and either push them through the bug fix process via another engineer or fix them yourself.
You will retest and ensure bugs have been resolved. You will work with engineers to design appropriate test cases for their web/mobile application as well as their backend APIs. You will perform tests on software and record results. You will identify bugs and log them into their issue tracking system. You will take ownership of bugs, and either push them through the bug fix process via another engineer or fix them yourself. You will retest and ensure bugs have been resolved. Make Improvements:
Do you see something that can be improved in their stack or with their processes? Don’t just tell them about it. Take some initiative and improve it yourself! Do you see something that can be improved in their stack or with their processes? Don’t just tell them about it. Take some initiative and improve it yourself! Motivation: You should be self-driven and excited to work on this product. Commitment: You do not take the responsibilities that you are given, lightly. Independent Thinking: While we need a doer, we especially need people who can think and contribute to the greater goal without necessarily being prompted to do so. Team Player: You understand that you + team = success. There is no “I” in team. Responsibility: You will become comfortable working with others as well as taking responsibility for decisions that will deeply affect their software and their users. Practical Experience: You will be well acquainted with the agile software development approach and the software development cycle through practical experience. Startup Life: You will get hands-on experience in what it takes to work in a true startup environment and ship product. Support: Don’t worry, we want to see you succeed. Active mentorship and guidance will be provided to you for further career development. The salary range for this position is $110,000.00 - $150,000.00 (depending on the amount of equity chosen) Casual dress Employee stock purchase plan Paid time off Stock options Work from home Monday to Friday OOP: You are an expert with Object Oriented Programming (OOP) concepts and Data Structures. While you are comfortable with functional programming, you tend to think OOP design patterns. Node.js/JavaScript/TypeScript: You are a humble 10/10 expert with Node.js development on server, JavaScript on browser and have expert knowledge of async/await semantics. You have used TypeScript in at least two major projects and it has saved your butt once or twice (you’ll tell them how). React and Next.js: You are a humble 10/10 expert with React and have developed 5 or more React browser apps in the past. You have worked on at least three major Next.js app with your JavaScript/Typescript/React skills. React-Native: You have worked on at least two React-Native apps with your JavaScript/Typescript skills targeting iOS and Android platforms in the past, and they are available on the iOS / Google Play store now. You are comfortable writing native code in Swift or Java where necessary. You are comfortable with push notifications and the interface between React-Native and native iOS/Android bits. PostgreSQL: You are a humble 10/10 expert with SQL, crafting relational DB Schemas, queries, and stored procedures in PL/pgSQL. You have used Postgres in at least one major project. Bonus points for having used TimescaleDB in a major project in the past. *nix Command Line: You are extremely comfortable with bash and interacting with *nix on the command line. Thinking From User POV: You have the ability to think from the perspective of the end user when it comes to features. MacBook: Our entire development environment is built for Mac. You are using a Mac for your day-to-day. Candidate Focus: You have completed Computer Science or Computer Engineering degree or similar degree in a technical discipline. If you do not have such a degree, you have substitutable real-world experience making production applications. Work Experience: You have 5-8 years of work experience working in multi-disciplinary teams. Your focus has been purely software engineering and have worked both on the Front-End and Back-End equally. You have been mentored by a Senior Full-Stack Engineer and are looking forward to taking on more technical and architectural responsibility. 
ScrapedJobID1162:
Write reusable, well-tested UI code using a variety of modern technologies Create implementation plans to describe the work you intend to do, and review the plans created by others on the team Use and improve third-party UI components. Create own UI components when necessary Drive the design and implementation of features, with minimal involvement or assistance from other developers (outside of domain knowledge). Be a technical expert in modern frameworks and technologies Perform periodic peer code reviews Review requirements and UX designs, plan implementation effort, and interact with QA Don’t break the build. Merge like a boss Adhere to LMI Employee Policy Manual Be a JavaScript, TypeScript, HTML, and CSS ninja. Not only do you have experience with a variety of libraries/frameworks, but you should be able to reasonably explain how they work Be comfortable with ambiguity. A senior engineer needs to be able to take complex problems and distill them into a specific and actionable plan. Minimum 7 years working experience working in a Front-End web development role (JavaScript/TypeScript, HTML, CSS/LESS/SASS/) Degree (preferably Masters level) in Computer Science or Software/Computer Engineering, or equivalent experience. Experience with React, Webpack, MobX. Huge bonus points if you have past experience with OpenGL/WebGL, WebSockets, WebWorkers, parallel and multithreaded programming via WebWorkers, typed arrays Experience working with source control tools such as Git Experience with unit/integration testing. Ideal candidates would have experience working with web unit testing frameworks such as Jest, JsUnit, Karma, Jasmine Ability to work in an Agile development team and be accountable for your performance and documentation Superior English communication skills - both written and verbal 
ScrapedJobID1163:
You have 5+ years of software development experience. You have 3+ years experience with modern JavaScript frameworks such as Angular/React/Vue or similar. You have 2+ years of professional experience as a web developer using .NET and/or .NET Core with C# You have a track record for building high-quality, maintainable, tested, and scalable software. You are proficient in working with RESTful APIs and data handling. You have expert-level ability using JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS. You have worked with cloud-based services (AWS, Azure, or GCP). Your communication skills are excellent: you can understand user needs and translate them into actionable pieces of work that teams can understand. You understand the value of an API-first approach, loosely coupled systems, and domain driven design. You take pride in quality and have approaches towards testing. Your strength is in pragmatically designing, building and deploying scalable, highly-available systems. You have the ability to think abstractly and are comfortable with ambiguous/undefined problems. You find fulfillment in mentoring and leading junior engineers and helping them develop their skills and leadership abilities (and believe that everyone has something to learn and teach). You see opportunities in working with legacy code and optimizing existing systems You take satisfaction in leaving code/processes/people better than when you got there You subscribe to the idea that companies should be socially responsible. 
ScrapedJobID1164:
Applying user-centered design processes and industry best practices to guide world class digital experiences for all screen sizes and types that holistically solve customer and business challenges Working with team members and stakeholders to create great experiences for our customers Collaborating on exploratory design sessions, mapping workshops and other working sessions with team members and stakeholders Generating user interface sketches and wireframes, as well as helping to create prototypes to test and communicate ideas and solutions Facilitating discussions around your work and its iterations with your peers and stakeholders Leveraging your skills in interpretation of usability testing, user research, and web analytics to uncover insights and identify gaps Build relationships and networks across multiple teams to help deliver a consistently fantastic digital user experience for Koodo Experience as a UX designer with a body of work that demonstrates your depth of skill, and ability to lead design in projects Ability to gracefully give and receive feedback Focused on delivering great customer experiences aligned to business outcomes Passionate about modern design practices and methodologies, but flexible enough to think outside the box when required Well-versed in lean digital product development life cycles in a highly-collaborative, agile environment Highly detail oriented and organized, with exceptional analytical skills Able to facilitate user research interviews, design sprints and communicate design rationale and build consensus Experienced in user-centred design (UCD), information architecture (IA), interaction design (IxD), Comfortable with design tool sets including Figma, InVision, Google Suite, plus whiteboard, pen, paper and stickies Solid understanding of Web accessibility best practices A BA, preferably in Human Factors/HCI, Usability Engineering, Industrial Design, Cognitive Science or product design, or related field and/or depth of experience A post graduate degree in any one of the above mentioned fields is an asset Mastery of UCD, IA, interaction design, wireframing and prototyping At least 4 years’ experience as a key member of a UX team leading the complete product / Web development lifecycle from planning through to execution 8 hour shift UX Design: 1 year (preferred) UX designer: 5 years (preferred) Web development: 4 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1165:
Building a platform to analyze and evaluate every part of the self-driving stack, including pipelines and the web frontend to manage benchmarks Developing on-premises cluster projects as well as utilizing public cloud computing infrastructure services Building web-based tools to optimize manual workflows such as test cases design and result analysis Proactively identify problems and make technical suggestions on requirements 4+ years of experience in building highly scalable enterprise web applications Experience in developing secured API and publishing user document Excellent knowledge of different API mechanism such as REST, RPC/gRPC, HTTP, GraphQL Experience in developing extensible APIs and highly maintainable services. Experience in deploying, monitoring and maintaining services and systems. Excellent knowledge of databases like Dynamodb, Mongodb, SQL Fluent in JavaScript & Python Understanding of SOA, SAAS, and REST/OAuth/JSON architectures and services. Familiar with front-end Vue.js framework Familiar with back-end Flask or Django framework Visa sponsorship is available for this position Opportunity for professional growth and career advancement Competitive salary and benefits Up to a 20% discretionary bonus. Shape the landscape of autonomous driving 100% Company paid Medical, Vision, and Dental insurance plan Company paid education/training. Company paid gym membership. 
ScrapedJobID1166:
Collaborate with skilled Agile team members to understand user needs and design, develop and deliver high quality web applications that meet those needs Configure and design applications and workflows, using outside the box thinking, to create innovative ways to advance our client first strategy Provide coaching, mentoring, and leadership to the design and development project team Provide technical leadership and guidance to projects, ensuring risks are mitigated and projects are implemented successfully Contribute to defining timelines and plans; analyze and estimate feasibility, cost, time and scope Ensure coding, testing, debugging and implementation activities are completed as required Ensure information security standards and requirements are incorporated into all solutions Contribute to the ongoing support, stability and performance of application systems in production including problem analysis, resolution, escalation and reporting as necessary Stay current with trends in emerging technologies and how they could apply to Sun Life Participate in agile ceremonies University Degree or College Diploma in a related discipline 10+ years of Software development experience with full application development life cycle and systems integration experience Experience in leading projects and providing technical guidance to the team Advanced overall understanding of Web applications and server technologies Strong working experience with Java, J2EE, Unix/Linux, middleware technologies, web and web hosting technologies 5+ years of Web application development experience including REST, Java, J2EE, Spring Framework, Javascript, jQuery, Bootstrap, AJAX, JSON, HTML5, CSS3 Strong working knowledge of webservices and API development Experience using DevOps tools including Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Maven, CDD/Ansible Excellent verbal and written communication skills Flexible and adaptable with the ability to align to changing priorities Customer obsession – customers are at the centre of all we do Ability to work both independently and as part of a strong, collaborative, multi-site team Self-directed and proactive Ability to liaise with internal and external stakeholders and adapt approach when dealing with technical and non-technical audiences A penchant for creating re-usable components and identifying opportunities for re-use Coaching and mentoring skills to help strengthen your team Occasional travel between Sun Life locations (Toronto, Waterloo) may be required depending on work assignment Periodic weekend/after-hours work may be required to support project implementations and system upgrades. Must be able to obtain Reliability Status through the Government of Canada before a start date can be confirmed (includes a background check with fingerprinting by the RCMP) Being part of our journey in developing the next greatest digital experience Flexible Benefits from the day you join to meet the needs of you and your family Pension, stock and savings programs to help build and enhance your future financial security A common sense dress code, where you dictate how you dress based on your day 
ScrapedJobID1167:
Developing code and supporting documentation Working in a team environment to develop, unit test and deploy software changes Working with clients to understand and implement new requirements/solve complex technical application challenges Providing input on new designs and architecture as needed Developing a well-tested, high performance, scalable client/server web application Mentoring other developers 5-7 years’ experience Development of Web-based and Client/Server applications in Agile environment Experience developing applications for the cloud is a must Strong experience developing full lifecycle Web applications using ReactJS/PHP Experience in Cloud based development and application modernization including 12 factor development, Docker, Kubernetes, Azure (Blob, App Service, AzureSQL, CosmosDB, Azure Event Hubs, Azure Functions, etc.) and other cloud-based services Experience writing modern APIs leveraging Node.js Experience in event driven microservices architectures is a strong asset Experience in DevOps pipelines, based around Github Actions and Azure DevOps is an asset Experience developing applications for mobile platforms (Android and/or iOS) would be an asset Experience with cloud development user authentication and resource authorization using auth0, Oauth, Okta or Onelogin would be an asset Experience with Azure API Management is an asset Experience with Webpack would be an asset Experience with Acunetix web vulnerability scanning software would be an asset Experience with modern source repositories such as Github, Bitbucket 
ScrapedJobID1168:
Implement and automate deployment of modern, cloud native applications Set up monitoring for the health of both build and production systems and create automated alerts for outages or degraded performance Containerize complex virtual runtime environments Expand and streamline complex CI/CD pipelines that drive frequent, high-quality product releases Automate all mission-critical tasks and processes Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Information Systems or equivalent technical discipline, minimum 7 years (or 5 years with Master degree) working experience in an enterprise 24/7 production environment supporting critical, real-time applications. 3+ years of senior admin responsibility for AWS Services (auto-scaling highly available deployments of network, compute, storage, database, monitoring resources) in a production environment Experience building and sharing responsibility for the uptime of production, cloud-native application architectures Experience with modern Cloud Native application architectures utilizing FaaS , service meshes/proxies, etc. Experience with Monitoring tools like DataDog and able to create dashboard and metrics — establishing desired service behavior, measuring how the service is behaving (availability, latency, and overall system health), and correcting discrepancies Experience with Cloud Infrastructure automation tools/IaaS (Terraform, AWS CloudFormation, etc.) Experience building and managing custom Docker images and containers Hands-on experience with Kubernetes on AWS (EKS) and related tools/components Experience with Cloud Security, respond to security events, and automate security best practices. Experience with git-based repos and complex, auto-scaling CI/CD pipelines like Jenkins, AWS TerraForm Landing Zone Familiarity with Python and at least one other development or scripting language (C/C++, Go, JavaScript/NodeJS, PHP, etc.) Ability to communicate and transfer knowledge clearly and effectively to both technical and non-technical audiences Ability to prioritize and multitask in a fast-paced environment Ability to notice and respond effectively to service failures to preserve the service's conformance to its SLA (service-level agreement) A passion for getting to the bottom of issues and eliminating unknowns Evolving systems by pushing for changes that improve reliability and velocity Experience with full stack web development Experience with traditional enterprise web application frameworks, servers and tools Experience with performance testing tools and techniques Experience defining and measuring internal and customer-facing OLA/SLA 
ScrapedJobID1169:
Proven ability to assess business needs and translate them into relevant solutions. Decipher information architecture and visual designs and turn them into frontend code. Develop frontend code that integrates with backend interfaces. Develop, analyze, prioritize, and organize requirement specifications, data mapping, diagrams, and flowcharts for developers and testers to follow. Architect, develop, and test for cross-browser and cross-platform applications. Lead frontend technical development efforts independently. Explore existing systems, determine areas of complexity and potential risks to successful implementation of advanced visualization products. Collaborate with various cross functional teams like design, product management and backend architects and development teams to validate prototypes and to create elegant, usable, responsive and interactive interfaces which meets client requirements. Translate wireframes into functional requirements, write well-abstracted, reusable, high-performance code for UI components. Provide documentation of all processes and training as needed Perform design, implementation, code reviews, and upgrades of information systems to meet the business and user needs Implement best practices for scalability, supportability, ease of maintenance, and system performance Suggest continuous improvements in user interface, software architecture or new technologies. Bachelor's degree in computer science or information technology Design Experience & Knowledge 2+ years Designing frontend architecture with architectural guidelines in mind (secure, high-performing, scalable, extensible, flexible, simple) 5+ years of strong hands-on experience on Angular 5+/RxJS, React/Redux, Single Page Applications JavaScript ES6/ES7/ES8/ES9/ES10; HTML5/CSS3, Async/Await, Ajax Ionic Cordova, xCode, Android Studio. CSS pre-processors such as Less/Sass/Scss, Flexbox and Grid: Responsive Design & UI Layout frameworks like Bootstrap, Material UI, Tailwind Client-side Unit testing and e2e frameworks nu89 and tools: Jasmine, Mocha, Karma, PhantomJS Mastery of UI build, Packaging and Optimization tools: npm, webpack, JS library structure, and JS library packaging & optimization Expertise in caching, minification, bundling techniques to improve frontend performance Deep understanding of Web Accessibility Computer science fundamentals: data structures, algorithms, Object-Oriented Design and Design Patterns Integration Experience & Knowledge Node.js Express, Next.js and Passport as a backend framework and MongoDb RESTful services, microservices, micro-frontends, and GraphQL One or more Server-side UI technologies: JSP, JSF, PHP HTML5 Messaging, XHR2, Websockets CDN Integration to optimize resource bandwidth Google Tag Manager page and event tagging Frontend monitoring tools to troubleshoot errors and recognize performance bottlenecks. Familiar with Agile methodologies (Scrum / Kanban) Excellent communicator to express technical knowledge across groups in both Business and IT, online and in-person. Excellent at documenting technical designs and concepts Fluent in English 
ScrapedJobID1170:
3+ years working with React. 3+ years working with NodeJS. 5+ years in javascript/typescript development. Good experience with unit testing frameworks in React and NodeJS. Experience working on high traffic websites. Experience with collaboration tools such as JIRA and Confluence. Some knowledge of RESTful API principles. Experience with NestJs. Experience with Google Cloud Platform. Self-motivated with strong team spirit. Strong work ethic. Ability to work independently with little supervision as well as ability to coordinate and collaborate within a team. Excellent multi-tasking skills. Ability to communicate well to both technical and non-technical staff. Excellent knowledge of pure JavaScript. Excellent knowledge of REST principles and API architecture. Extensive experience with HTML 5, CSS 3 and responsive web development. Knowledge and practical experience with agile methodologies, particularly SCRUM. Good cross-browser and cross-device development experience. Good awareness of best practice user interface design principles. Excellent communication skills - verbal and written. Building JavaScript SPAs using React. Building supporting NodeJS+NestJs backends with integration with other external APIs and Google Cloud Platform. Hands on responsive web development using HTML5 and CSS. Designing and implementing unit tests to validate the functionality is implemented correctly. Managing and improving current sites in line with changing business requirements. Assist in defining software architecture and user interface design approaches. Implementing accurate and reliable code in time according to specification to deliver needed functionality. Remain current to Web sites and mobile trends in design and technology. Someone with passion for creating efficient and effective UIs for an enterprise-level SaaS platform and has a high standard of quality in that regard. Working in a fast-paced organization using Agile/Scrum methodology to deliver excellent solutions for our demanding customer service and operations requirements. 
ScrapedJobID1171:
be a member of a tight knit department and become their inhouse Content Management System expert Research, design and recommend Drupal-based solutions Develop custom Drupal modules using a mixture of PHP and AngularJS Make alterations to purchased or off-the-shelf Drupal modules as necessary Develop, debug, test and deploy code based on the schedule and business priority Resolve issues with production code Make alterations to Drupal-based themes as necessary Collaborate with various stakeholders inside and outside of IT to develop great web-experiences for all audiences All other duties as required College diploma or university degree in the field of computer science, information systems or equivalent 3 to 5 years of front-end development experience, including responsive design 3 to 5 years of website development experience using Drupal, WordPress or other CMS Must have 3 to 5 years of front-end development in React.js Programming experience using PHP, Perl, Python and other common web-based development languages (.Net C# is a nice to have) Relational database programming experience using SQL Server, Oracle or MySQL with Stored Procedure Programming Expert knowledge of JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, HTML5, CSS. Strong knowledge of RESTful API design and usage for system integration Knowledge of integration technologies such as JSON and SOAP. Solid experience with Git, including branching, pull request, code review, etc. Experience debugging and rectifying issues with deployed code Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a fast-paced environment. Strong desire to learn and adapt to new technologies Strong organizational and estimation skills Experience with CI/CD (code deployment, pipelines, DevOps) Experience with Agile development Excellent written and oral communication skills. Excellent interpersonal skills. Ability to present ideas in business-friendly and user-friendly language. Exceptionally self-motivated and directed, with a hands-on approach. Keen attention to detail. Superior analytical, evaluative, and problem-solving abilities. Exceptional service orientation. 3 to 5 years of front-end development in React.js Programming experience using PHP, Perl, Python and other common web-based development languages (.Net C# is a nice to have) Knowledge of integration technologies such as JSON and SOAP. 
ScrapedJobID1172:

ScrapedJobID1173:

ScrapedJobID1174:
Analyze, design, configure, administer and manage MS Dynamics CRM; Create, modify and maintain functionalities of Microsoft Dynamics CRM; Actively engaged in the projects assigned to you: creating timelines, tasks definition and distribution, code review, implementation Guide, support and coach junior colleagues, consultants and offshore teams involved in the projects Work with a User Experience (UX) Specialist to enhance the user experience of MS Dynamics CRM; Extend the Dynamics CRM platform by using the supported API and C#.Net (e.g., Develop plug-ins for Dynamics CRM); Create and maintain SSRS Reports; Analyze, program and optimize database queries; Document programming changes and prepare user documentation; May be called upon to analyze, maintain and optimize SQL data bases and internet information services (IIS). Bachelor’s degree or college diploma in Computer Science (with complementary experience). 5 years’ experience in a similar position. Experience in development team coordination, an asset. Experience in project management, an asset Experience in customization and development of a CRM, Dynamics and asset. Experience with relational databases (SQL Server), programming languages (C#, ASP.NET, .NET Core). Web programming (JavaScript, HTML5, jQuery, Web Services, HTML and CSS). Familiar with Microsoft Dynamics Navision software, an asset. Sound knowledge of object-oriented programming concepts. (S.O.L.I.D. Principles) Sound knowledge in unit testing (MSBuild, XUnit) Experience with CI/CD Analyser, concevoir, configurer, administrer et gérer MS Dynamics CRM; Créer, modifier et maintenir les fonctionnalités de Microsoft Dynamics CRM; Activement engagé dans les projets qui vous sont confiés: création de délais, définition et distribution des tâches, revue de code, implémentation Guider, accompagner et coacher les collègues juniors, les consultants et les équipes offshore impliqués dans les projets Travailler avec un spécialiste de l'expérience utilisateur (UX) pour améliorer l'expérience utilisateur de MS Dynamics CRM; Étendre la plate-forme Dynamics CRM en utilisant l'API et C # .Net pris en charge (par exemple, Développer des plug-ins pour Dynamics CRM); Créer et maintenir des rapports SSRS; Analyser, programmer et optimiser les requêtes de base de données; Documenter les changements de programmation et préparer la documentation utilisateur; Peut être appelé à analyser, maintenir et optimiser des bases de données SQL et des services d'information Internet (IIS). Baccalauréat ou diplôme collégial en informatique (avec une expérience complémentaire). 5 ans d’expérience dans un poste similaire. Expérience en coordination d'équipe de développement, un atout. Expérience en gestion de projet, un atout Expérience de la personnalisation et du développement d'un CRM, de la dynamique et d'un actif. Expérience des bases de données relationnelles (SQL Server), des langages de programmation (C #, ASP.NET, .NET Core). Programmation Web (JavaScript, HTML5, jQuery, Web Services, HTML et CSS). Connaissance du logiciel Microsoft Dynamics Navision, un atout. Bonne connaissance des concepts de programmation orientée objet. (Principes S.O.L.I.D.) Bonne connaissance des tests unitaires (MSBuild, XUnit) Expérience avec CI / CD Capable d'établir des priorités, de respecter les délais et de travailler dans un environnement au rythme rapide. Très bonnes compétences en communication orale et écrite Analytique et attention aux détails. Leadership et autonome. Esprit d'équipe. Microsoft Dynamics CRM, un atout NET (3.5+) avec C #, y compris WCF et WF. ASP.NET Core, API Web Microsoft ASP.NET. Protocoles Rest et SOAP. Azure DevOps. Microsoft Internet Information Server (IIS). SQL Server 2012-2016 et SSRS. Workflow, Microsoft Active Directory. 
ScrapedJobID1175:
Salaire et avantages concurrentiels Deux semaines de vacances au minimum offertes dès la première année Deux journées de congés volants la première année et une journée supplémentaire chaque année Une journée de congé à votre anniversaire Possibilité de participer au REER FTQ Assurances collectives dès le jour 1 Formation offerte et en continu; Ambiance de travail dynamique et amicale; Bureau fraîchement rénové au goût du jour; Activités de team building trimestrielles. Participer à la conception d’applications JavaScript en Front End à l’aide du framework Angular et de Typescript & Ionic Analyser et dépanner les problèmes de logiciels et fournir des solutions en utilisant les dernières technologies disponibles Tester les applications afin d’assurer la qualité des développements Créer et mettre à jour la documentation des différentes applications Participer à l’amélioration permanente des techniques de développement Ajouter ou modifier des fonctionnalités aux applications existantes Configurer, connecter et intégrer différents logiciels à l’aide d’API Avoir au moins trois ans d’expérience en programmation avec le framework Angular (Typescript) Avoir des connaissances scolaires, de projet ou professionnelles en PHP et MySQL Maîtrise de HTML et CSS Très bonne connaissance des REST API CRUD Connaitre le framework Ionic (c'est un ATOUT) ou avoir une volonté d'actualiser ses connaissances et ses compétences sur ce framework Connaissance avec les logiciels VCS, tel que GIT Aptitude marquée à estimer le temps alloué à un projet Forte compétence communicationnelle en français tant à l’oral qu’à l’écrit Un esprit vif et créatif Capacité à travailler rapidement et efficacement de façon individuelle et en équipe 
ScrapedJobID1176:
Fournir des services de création et de développement à l'équipe marketing; Posséder une réflexion digitale et une compréhension des nouvelles plateformes et des tendances dans le domaine; Assurer un support et une continuation avec la vision donnée pour les objectifs d’entreprise; Participer à l’élaboration de « wireframes », « userflows », « sitemaps » et designs fonctionnels en plus de tout le matériel nécessaire pour l’intégration des projets, réalisés autant à l’interne qu’à l’externe; Gérer les calendriers de production des projets en collaboration avec les équipes marketing et les designers internes/externes; Travailler avec des partenaires, des agences et des fournisseurs pour faciliter l'avancement du projet; Fournir un soutien et une gestion de projet du début à la fin; Fournir des services d'ajustement de format, de composition, de mise en page et de modification d'actifs sur demande; Fournir des services de développement généraux et créatifs pour les placements publicitaires numériques; Observer et maintenir les normes graphiques de l'entreprise en ce qui concerne tous les logos, images et visuels du Cirque; Archiver tous les documents créatifs numériques, imprimés au besoin, et les documents photographiques; Proposer des plans de projet pour atteindre le résultat souhaité et conseiller les chefs de projets sur les échéanciers de développement; Coordonner le processus d'approbation interne des documents créatifs numériques. Diplôme ou autre expérience pertinente dans le domaine de création digitale; Expérience en agence ou dans un poste similaire; Minimum de 5 ans d’expérience pertinente; Bonne culture générale; Grande créativité et curiosité; Connaissance exceptionnelle des logiciels de design graphique Expérience avec les logiciels Figma, Adobe XD ou Sketch; Expérience en tests utilisateurs; Expérience en vigie UX (best practices); Connaissance en motion design et montage vidéo; Force en typographie; Expérience avec les concepts de "components" et design modulaire (un atout); Connaissances de base ou avancées avec la mise en place, le maintien et l'évolution d'un "Design System" (un atout); Qualité d’organisation et suivi de projet du début à la fin; Capacité à bien communiquer, expliquer ses concepts et les détailler; Compréhension et connaissance des médias sociaux; Être une personne passionnée, collaborative et doit être apte à recevoir de la rétroaction en lien avec le travail fourni; Maîtrise du français et de l’anglais, écrit et oral. Provide creative and development services to the marketing team; Possess digital thinking and an understanding of new platforms and trends in the field; Provide support and continuation with the given vision for corporate objectives; Participate in the development of "wireframes", "userflows", "sitemaps" and functional designs in addition to all the material necessary for the integration of projects, carried out both internally and externally; Manage project production schedules in collaboration with marketing teams and internal / external designers; Work with partners, agencies and suppliers to facilitate the progress of the project; Provide project support and management from start to finish; Provide format adjustment, composition, layout and asset modification services on request; Provide general and creative development services for digital ad placements; Observe and maintain the graphic standards of the company with regard to all logos, images and visuals of the Cirque; Archive all digital creative documents, printed as needed, and photographic documents; Propose project plans to achieve the desired result and advise project managers on development timelines; Coordinate the internal approval process for digital creative documents. Diploma or other relevant experience in the field of digital creation; Experience in an agency or in a similar position; Minimum of 5 years of relevant experience; Good general culture; Great creativity and curiosity; Exceptional knowledge of graphic design software Experience with Figma, Adobe XD or Sketch software; Experience in user testing; Experience in UX monitoring (best practices); Knowledge of motion design and video editing; Strength in typography; Experience with the concepts of "components" and modular design (an asset); Basic or advanced knowledge with the establishment, maintenance and evolution of a "Design System" (an asset); Quality of organization and monitoring of the project from start to finish; Ability to communicate well, explain concepts and detail them; Understanding and knowledge of social media; Experience in working collaboratively with a Front end Developer team; Be a passionate, collaborative person and must be able to receive feedback in connection with the work provided; Fluency in French and English, written and oral. 
ScrapedJobID1177:
University or college degree in Computer Science or related working experience Minimum of 3-5 years of experience working with Microsoft.NET 3.5 and above using C#. Minimum of 3-5 years of experience working with Microsoft SQL server technologies. Minimum of 3-5 years of experience working with REST APIs and other web services technologies. Minimum of 3-5 years of experience developing and designing enterprise grade software. Minimum of 1-2 years of experience working with .NET Core. Experience in architecting and managing an enterprise level system. Extensive experience building solutions that deal with a large number of web/api requests. Experience applying best practices around web sites, systems, data security and monitoring. Experience building loosely coupled systems, utilizing message platforms and events. Experience in object oriented and service-oriented application development techniques and theories. Extensive Experience with source control management systems such as GIT and continuous integration/deployment environments. Experience in agile development methodologies including Scrum . Internally motivated, able to work proficiently both independently and in a team environment. Experience working with multiple deadlines and multiple projects simultaneously in a fast-paced, changing environment. Contribute to the development of .Net and MS SQL Server projects including cloud development using Azure native services. Work with other skilled developers to develop leading edge state of the art solutions using the latest and greatest technologies. Be a core team member of the digital engineering team and be a major part of the day to day development processes. Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable C# code. Ensure the applications you build are the best possible from a performance, quality, and responsiveness perspective. Be part of a rapidly growing technology team that is motivated in delivering the best possible solution both to our clients and to our client’s customers. .NET & other MS technologies: 3-5 years (Required) .NET Core:1-2 years (Required) Azure development (1-2 years) Other languages like react/Angular: 3-5 years (Nice to have) 
ScrapedJobID1178:
You have 5+ years experience in a professional, programming position You are more than proficient in Java, JavaScript, HTML, CSS We value your experience creating applications using javascript web frameworks (e.g.:AngularJS, Bower, NPM, Webpack, Grunt) We value experience developing RESTful APIs You are not intimidated by relational and non-relational data stores (e.g.: Oracle, Cassandra, Redis) You have mastered with search platforms (e.g.: Solr) Great understanding of MVC patterns for web applications You have experience with *nix and OSX You are familiar with version control systems such as Git You bring a depth of experience working with large code bases You are passionate about reaching millions of users across our many platforms You love collaborating under tight deadlines and pursuing problems with imaginative and elegant solutions. You have passion for technology, value life-long learning, and enjoy finding the right tool for the job. You have excellent judgment and integrity with the ability to make timely and sound decisions 
ScrapedJobID1179:
Provide ongoing support of Java based applications in Production and test environments including responding to Service requests, Incident & Problem analysis, Service restoration and recovery, Security vulnerability remediation, Audits and reporting as necessary Interface with other Software Engineers, Infrastructure teams, Lead Software Engineers, Business Systems Analysts and other stakeholders to deliver high quality solutions and maintain a stable, high performing application environment Design, develop, test and debug programs for small projects and bug fixes Develop and maintain strategies for proactive monitoring of applications to provide early warning signs Identify and implement continuous improvement opportunities to eliminate waste and add efficiencies Ensure strict compliance of security and change management directives Identify and participate in improvement, system renewal, stability, upgrade and Disaster Recovery projects Enable stability through troubleshooting issues and conducting root-cause analysis Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or Technology 3+ years of information technology experience in Java application support and development 1-3 years of experience in:
Java, JavaScript & web development languages like HTML, XML, CSS
web services like SOAP, JSON & REST API
Java EE technologies such as Servlet, JDBC and JSP
Spring framework
Database technologies like SQL, Oracle, POSTGRES
Exposure to DevOps tools (Maven, Gradle, Git / Bitbucket, CDD, Ansible, Jenkins)
Understanding of enterprise methodologies, such as ITIL, CMMI, and Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) Java, JavaScript & web development languages like HTML, XML, CSS web services like SOAP, JSON & REST API Java EE technologies such as Servlet, JDBC and JSP Spring framework Database technologies like SQL, Oracle, POSTGRES Exposure to DevOps tools (Maven, Gradle, Git / Bitbucket, CDD, Ansible, Jenkins) Understanding of enterprise methodologies, such as ITIL, CMMI, and Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) Solid business and technical acumen, with demonstrated agility in learning and ability to become comfortable with unfamiliar businesses areas or technologies Ability to work in a dynamic environment with changing priorities Strong relationship management and consulting skills Solid written and verbal communication skills Experience with Adobe Campaign Manager or SAS Real-Time Decision Manager (RTDM) Experience working with mobile applications (IOS / Android) is an added advantage Exposure to Agile framework (Kanban, Scrum) Experience working with event streaming platforms like Apache Kafka Experience working with cloud hosted applications / servers on AWS Exposure to team collaboration tools like Confluence, JIRA, MS Teams Experience with ReactJS/ React.js The role includes on-call and after hours support on a team rotation basis Government Reliability Security Clearance is required for this role (application upon hire includes fingerprinting, 5-year Canadian History Check etc.) Opportunity to work in an environment focused on new technologies Flexible hours and periodic work from home options Wellness and benefits programs that include sabbaticals and pension matching Access to our Global Learning Centre & Udemy, available 24/7 for your learning needs A collaborative, supportive and interactive team environment 
ScrapedJobID1180:

ScrapedJobID1181:
Work with talented and dedicated co-workers Highly competitive compensation Write well designed, testable, efficient code by using best software development practices Create website layout/user interface by using standard HTML/CSS practices Develop Oracle databases to support web applications and web sites Develop PL/SQL code to support web applications and web sites Integrate data from various back-end services and databases Gather and refine specifications and requirements based on technical needs Create and maintain software documentation Designing/building websites with ASP.NET / C# and JavaScript Microsoft Visual Studio and Team Foundation Server Agile methodology and tools Oracle databases, including PL/SQL programming Self-driven with the ability to seek out requirements with minimal direction Individual contributor and team player with excellent verbal/written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1182:
Minimum 7 years of experience in data warehousing, writing complex SQL queries, views, and procedures, including performance tuning and query optimization with large data set Strong Data Warehouse knowledge and experience, including data ingestion, transformation and ETL patterns using modern data pipelines. Intermediate to senior level experience in operationalizing data platforms with Azure data solutions and using Data Factory, Azure Databricks, Azure Analysis Service, Azure Synapse and Databricks Senior level experience in report design and building highly interactive dashboards using Power BI with advance level writing of DAX query language Strong understanding of relational and dimensional data modeling concepts Experience building web APIs or Azure Functions Hands-on experience with CI/CD on Azure DevOps Proficient in Python or ASP.Net C# Power Shell scripting is nice to have azure sql warehouse database devops queries dataengineer 
ScrapedJobID1183:
Implement and automate deployment of modern, cloud native applications Set up monitoring for the health of both build and production systems and create automated alerts for outages or degraded performance Containerize complex virtual runtime environments Expand and streamline complex CI/CD pipelines that drive frequent, high-quality product releases Automate all mission-critical tasks and processes Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Information Systems or equivalent technical discipline, minimum 7 years (or 5 years with Master degree) working experience in an enterprise 24/7 production environment supporting critical, real-time applications. 3+ years of senior admin responsibility for AWS Services (auto-scaling highly available deployments of network, compute, storage, database, monitoring resources) in a production environment Experience building and sharing responsibility for the uptime of production, cloud-native application architectures Experience with modern Cloud Native application architectures utilizing FaaS , service meshes/proxies, etc. Experience with Monitoring tools like DataDog and able to create dashboard and metrics — establishing desired service behavior, measuring how the service is behaving (availability, latency, and overall system health), and correcting discrepancies Experience with Cloud Infrastructure automation tools/IaaS (Terraform, AWS CloudFormation, etc.) Experience building and managing custom Docker images and containers Hands-on experience with Kubernetes on AWS (EKS) and related tools/components Experience with Cloud Security, respond to security events, and automate security best practices. Experience with git-based repos and complex, auto-scaling CI/CD pipelines like Jenkins, AWS TerraForm Landing Zone Familiarity with Python and at least one other development or scripting language (C/C++, Go, JavaScript/NodeJS, PHP, etc.) Ability to communicate and transfer knowledge clearly and effectively to both technical and non-technical audiences Ability to prioritize and multitask in a fast-paced environment Ability to notice and respond effectively to service failures to preserve the service's conformance to its SLA (service-level agreement) A passion for getting to the bottom of issues and eliminating unknowns Evolving systems by pushing for changes that improve reliability and velocity Experience with full stack web development Experience with traditional enterprise web application frameworks, servers and tools Experience with performance testing tools and techniques Experience defining and measuring internal and customer-facing OLA/SLA 
ScrapedJobID1184:
Design and implement great features and high-quality code Contribute to the design, implementation, and scaling of our cloud-based machine Basic knowledge and strong interest in Machine learning, Deep learning, and data Collaborate with a team of developers, researcher, and data scientists to implement Work closely with the engineering, assurance quality and product teams Bachelor or master’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or similar Minimum of 5 years of relevant experience designing and developing scalable Experience of building scalable backend systems using micro-services/cloud Experience designing and building REST APIs that supports many clients Proficiency in a Linux environment Knowledge and experience with Python and the Scientific Python stack (numpy, scipy, SQL and NoSQL databases experience Familiar with Web API documentation and modeling tools such as Swagger/OpenAPI Familiar with cloud technologies and platforms such as: Docker, Kafka, Spark, MQTT, Fluent in English since you will participate in our agile software process (scrum, sprint Familiarity with agile development and tools such as JIRA Experience with IoT services Familiar with startup environments The opportunity to join an innovative team focused on one objective: to become the A user-oriented team that lets you learn, innovate and share The chance to make a difference within a fast-paced organization Being an active participant in the growth of a Montreal-based AI start-up An employee stock option plan. Concevoir et mettre en œuvre d'excellentes fonctionnalités et un code de haute qualité Contribuer à la conception, à la mise en œuvre et à la mise à l'échelle de notre machine basée sur le cloud Connaissances de base et intérêt marqué pour l'apprentissage automatique, l'apprentissage en profondeur et les données Collaborer avec une équipe de développeurs, de chercheurs et de scientifiques des données pour mettre en œuvre Travailler en étroite collaboration avec les équipes d'ingénierie, d'assurance qualité et de produit Baccalauréat ou maîtrise en informatique, génie logiciel ou similaire Minimum de 5 ans d'expérience pertinente dans la conception et le développement évolutif Expérience de la création de systèmes backend évolutifs à l'aide de micro-services/cloud Expérience de la conception et de la création d'API REST prenant en charge de nombreux clients Maîtrise d'un environnement Linux Connaissance et expérience avec Python et la pile scientifique Python (numpy, scipy, Expérience des bases de données SQL et NoSQL Familiarité avec la documentation de l'API Web et les outils de modélisation tels que Swagger/OpenAPI Familiarité avec les technologies et plateformes cloud telles que : Docker, Kafka, Spark, MQTT, Anglais courant puisque vous participerez à notre processus logiciel agile (scrum, sprint Familiarité avec le développement agile et les outils tels que JIRA Expérience avec les services IoT Familier avec les environnements de démarrage L'opportunité de rejoindre une équipe innovante centrée sur un objectif : devenir le Une équipe orientée utilisateur qui vous permet d'apprendre, d'innover et de partager La chance de faire la différence au sein d'une organisation en évolution rapide Être un participant actif dans la croissance d'une start-up d'IA basée à Montréal Un plan d'options sur actions pour les employés. 
ScrapedJobID1185:
A degree in information technology, or equivalent experience 3- 5 years of experience with Typescript A background in data visualization 3 + years with React 3+ years with MobX/Redux Experience with MapboxGL/Deck.gl/Nebula.gl Experience with Visx C#/.NET/ASP.NET Postgres/Timescale Docker/Docker Compose AWS experience Remote Permanent 
ScrapedJobID1186:
Provide expertise with application and database integration technologies, including solution and service-oriented architectures Follow Agile/Scrum Methodology: daily scrums, grooming, planning, retrospectives and project meetings as required Liaise with Product Management, DevOps and other project teams as required Work with the Product Management team to help in the gathering and documentation of requirements Working with an architecture team to create detailed Functional and Technical Specification designs Engage end-users and stakeholders during implementation Ability to quickly ramp up and apply new technologies and processes Enjoy working in a highly collaborative & dynamic team environment Strong debugging skills, to find the root cause of issues and resolve them 3-5 years of software development experience University degree in Computer Science, Programming, or equivalent education Self-learner and someone who is not afraid to embrace latest technologies Experience working in a diverse and multi-location company Proven ability to design software applications following object-oriented methodologies Demonstrated experience implementing solutions that are scalable and highly available based on industry best practices Software development experience in Java/J2EE and Spring eco-system (Core, MVC, Batch, Boot, etc…) Micro-services experience in implementation and API design Knowledgeable with data access technologies (Hibernate, OData, etc.) Experience with REST, especially with Java API for Restful Web Services, JSON data structures Experience with Git/Bamboo/Bitbucket Knowledgeable in Continuous Delivery practices Knowledge of Database SQL (MSSQL and Oracle, etc) Knowledge of Eclipse and/or IntelliJ Cloud experience: AWS, Azure, etc. .Net experience Angular/AngularJS & testing frameworks (Jasmine, Karma & Protractor) HTML markup language, HTML 5 related technologies Core CSS, CSS 3 (layout, box model, text effects, etc…) Core JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap Basic knowledge of UNIX/Linux Bonuses Insurance coverage as of Day One Paid vacation and personal days RRSP matching Personal Spending Account (PSA) A modern Continuous Performance Process approach A dynamic and engaged culture Open-concept workspace with spectacular views of the city! 
ScrapedJobID1187:
Provide technical direction involves establishing a technical vision, resolving technical disagreements and managing the technical quality of project Design, develop, review code, implement, and maintain large scale applications Deliver scalable, reusable, testable and clean code with proper commenting and version control Involve in recruiting talent and carry out onboarding process for new team members enough experience to lead a small team of 5-6 people. be able to do both frontend and backend for web & cloud applications. Bit more frontend focused. knowledge of UI design and understanding of UX & workflow. 5+ years of production level experience with our main tech stack: JavaScript ES6+, React, Angular, Node.js, PHP, Python . experience with Google Cloud Platform or other major cloud services (e.g. AWS, Azure) . strong experience with virtualization and containerization (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes), Jenkins/Bamboo build jobs, CI/CD pipelines Provide technical direction involves establishing a technical vision, resolving technical disagreements and managing the technical quality of project Design, develop, review code, implement, and maintain large scale applications Deliver scalable, reusable, testable and clean code with proper commenting and version control Involve in recruiting talent and carry out onboarding process for new team members enough experience to lead a small team of 5-6 people. be able to do both frontend and backend for web & cloud applications. Bit more frontend focused. knowledge of UI design and understanding of UX & workflow. 5+ years of production level experience with our main tech stack: JavaScript ES6+, React, Angular, Node.js, PHP, Python . experience with Google Cloud Platform or other major cloud services (e.g. AWS, Azure) . strong experience with virtualization and containerization (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes), Jenkins/Bamboo build jobs, CI/CD pipelines 
ScrapedJobID1188:
Salaire et avantages concurrentiels Deux semaines de vacances au minimum offertes dès la première année Deux journées de congés volants la première année et une journée supplémentaire chaque année Une journée de congé à votre anniversaire Possibilité de participer au REER FTQ Assurances collectives dès le jour 1 Formation offerte et en continu; Ambiance de travail dynamique et amicale; Bureau fraîchement rénové au goût du jour; Activités de team building trimestrielles. Participer à la conception d’applications JavaScript en Front End à l’aide du framework Angular et de Typescript & Ionic Analyser et dépanner les problèmes de logiciels et fournir des solutions en utilisant les dernières technologies disponibles Tester les applications afin d’assurer la qualité des développements Créer et mettre à jour la documentation des différentes applications Participer à l’amélioration permanente des techniques de développement Ajouter ou modifier des fonctionnalités aux applications existantes Configurer, connecter et intégrer différents logiciels à l’aide d’API Avoir au moins trois ans d’expérience en programmation avec le framework Angular (Typescript) Avoir des connaissances scolaires, de projet ou professionnelles en PHP et MySQL Maîtrise de HTML et CSS Très bonne connaissance des REST API CRUD Connaitre le framework Ionic (c'est un ATOUT) ou avoir une volonté d'actualiser ses connaissances et ses compétences sur ce framework Connaissance avec les logiciels VCS, tel que GIT Aptitude marquée à estimer le temps alloué à un projet Forte compétence communicationnelle en français tant à l’oral qu’à l’écrit Un esprit vif et créatif Capacité à travailler rapidement et efficacement de façon individuelle et en équipe 
ScrapedJobID1189:
Provide expertise with application and database integration technologies, including solution and service-oriented architectures. Provide technical advice and weigh in on technical decisions that impact other teams or the company at large. Taking initiative to identify and solve important problems, making balanced trade-offs with respect to the whole system. Researching and proposing new technologies. Ability to demonstrate extensive ownership of different business modules and components. Follow Agile/Scrum Methodology: daily scrums, grooming, planning, retrospectives, and project meetings as required. Liaise with Product Management, DevOps and other project teams as required. Work with the Product Management team to help in the gathering and documentation of requirements. Quickly ramp up and apply any new technologies and processes. Enjoy working in a highly collaborative & dynamic team environment. Actively participate into code reviews and any technical sharing or collaborating interactions Proposing code improvements and usage of design patterns Have an agile and cloud mindset and be ready to use it. Debugging, doing root cause analysis on, or fixing any issues 5-8 years of software development experience in Java (developing Spring based applications) University degree in Computer Science, Programming, or equivalent education Self-learner and someone who is not afraid to embrace latest technologies. Proven ability to design software applications following object-oriented methodologies. Demonstrated experience implementing solutions that are scalable and highly available based on industry best practices. Software development experience in Java/J2EE and Spring eco-system (Core, MVC, Batch, Boot, etc.) Micro-services experience in implementation and API design Exposure to Cloud technologies: AWS, Azure, etc. Knowledgeable with data access technologies (Hibernate, OData, etc.) Experience with REST, especially with Java API for Restful Web Services, JSON data structures Experience with Git / Bamboo / Bitbucket / GitLab and working with CI/CD pipelines Knowledgeable in Continuous Delivery practices Knowledge of Database SQL (MSSQL and Oracle, etc.) Angular experience Testing frameworks experience (Jest, Jasmine, Cypress, Selenium) Static analysis code tools: SonarQube. Good knowledge of Linux and Bash Shell Scripting. .Net experience Bonuses Insurance coverage as of Day One Paid vacation and personal days RRSP matching Personal Spending Account (PSA) A modern Continuous Performance Process approach A dynamic and engaged culture Open-concept workspace with spectacular views of the city! 
ScrapedJobID1190:
Building responsive and dynamic websites for clients. Working as designers to implement visual interfaces. Designing and implementing new features and functionality. Establishing and guiding the website's architecture. Ensuring high-performance and availability and managing all technical aspects of the CMS. Helping formulate an effective responsive design and turning it into a working theme and plugin Possibility for some design if interested. Proficiency in Adobe Creative Cloud (Photoshop, Adobe XD) or similar platforms to wireframe designs for presentation. Understanding of Word press and builders. Understanding of current web standards, principles, and best practices with regards to digital marketing, display ads, and social media. Excellent understanding of front-end technologies, including HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery. Strong understanding of PHP back-end development. Experience building user interfaces for websites and/or web applications. Experience designing and developing responsive design websites. Ability to understand CSS changes and their ramifications to ensure consistent style across platforms and browsers. Ability to convert comprehensive layout and wireframes into working HTML pages. Proficiency in Word press, WooCommerce, Elementor. E-Commerce strategy or experience. Ability to clearly communicate ideas and collaborate at all levels. Photography and video editing skills a plus. 
ScrapedJobID1191:
Health and Dental Benefits $1000 towards your health and wellness expenses 3-week paid vacation An inclusive environment Mentorship and career growth Company socials, meditation room, pool table and games room, free massages RRSP matching, ESPP contributions, annual bonus Working at the company ranked #1 in the Great Place to Work survey 2019 BS/MS in computer science or equivalent work experience 6+ years experience developing web, software, or mobile applications Solid grasp of software engineering fundamentals and their practical application Solid grasp of JavaScript fundamentals such as closures, prototype, callbacks, promises, error handling Experience with Object Oriented Languages such as: Java/J2EE, C#, VB.NET, Python, C++ Understand and preferably have experience with web services (REST or SOAP) Understand unit testing and preferably Test Driven Development Helpful, can-do attitude and a willingness to take ownership of problems Strong desire to learn and grow Excellent problem solving skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Commitment to team success and positive team dynamics Deliver high quality full-stack applications (requirements, design, code, documentation, etc.) Roughly 70-85% hands-on coding Contribute to early quality activities, including peer reviews of estimates, designs and code Resolve defects/bugs Partner with team members to deliver against commitments Grow and apply technical skills in service to customers Experience Agile Development, SCRUM, and/or Extreme Programming methodologies 
ScrapedJobID1192:
You want to work on a highly performing and complex product, with many real-world challenges You want to work in a place where we highly value our employees You like to integrate the latest methodologies and practices and be ever evolving You like to have an enormous impact on the core product of the company Define needs around maintainability, testability, performance, security, quality, and usability for UI platform Enable agile development of UI artifacts Design, develop, and manage automated unit, integration, and acceptance tests for all UI components Communication of new technologies, best practices, etc. to developers, testers, and managers Influence UI design requirements to build best-in-class experiences Mentor and peer review of designs and coded implementations Ensure the performance quality and responsiveness of applications Investigate issues reported by testing teams to determine impact, root cause, and solve them Identify and correct bottlenecks and fix bugs to optimize performance Work in a fast-paced environment that fosters growth and learning Verbal and written communication is clear and concise Clearly articulate development and timeline dependencies Improve team development related processes that accelerate delivery, drive innovation, lower costs, and improve quality 5+ years’ experience in front end software development utilizing Angular Strong knowledge of Angular 11 Deep understanding of UI technologies and techniques Experience with Angular material Experience with Angular-cli and its configuration Knowledge of front-end patterns (container/presenter, etc.) Experience in testing 
ScrapedJobID1193:
Expertise in Shopify Liquid template language Working knowledge in Custom Shopify APP development (experience with ReCharge 3-4 years experience working in a professional web-development environment Demonstrate a mastery of HTML, CSS/SCSS & JavaScript Collaborate with our talented design, UX and project management teams to transform Provide technical advice and input to the scope of work including platform Work to help architect, develop, test and deploy new components & site features for our Collaborate with the Creative Team to translate visual designs into responsive front end Assist with the integration / onboarding of new technologies and applications Provide long term solutions and short term options for common maintenance requests Build out custom Shopify themes and modifying pre-existing themes depending on the Implement marketing pixels and client-specific integrations Document technical procedures and best practice for our internal Wiki Work on multiple projects simultaneously Vet and manage relationships with technical service providers including hosting Collaborate with our talented design, UX and project management teams to transform Provide technical advice and input to the scope of work including platform Work to help architect, develop, test and deploy new components & site features for our Collaborate with the Creative Team to translate visual designs into responsive front end Assist with the integration / onboarding of new technologies and applications Provide long term solutions and short term options for common maintenance requests Build out custom Shopify themes and modifying pre-existing themes depending on the Implement marketing pixels and client-specific integrations Document technical procedures and best practice for our internal Wiki Represent Roswell in a professional manner during sales calls/meetings where technical Work on multiple projects simultaneously Vet and manage relationships with technical service providers including hosting Collaborate with our talented design, UX and project management teams to transform Provide technical advice and input to the scope of work including platform Work to help architect, develop, test and deploy new components & site features for our Collaborate with the Creative Team to translate visual designs into responsive front end Assist with the integration / onboarding of new technologies and applications Provide long term solutions and short term options for common maintenance requests Build out custom Shopify themes and modifying pre-existing themes depending on the Implement marketing pixels and client-specific integrations Document technical procedures and best practice for our internal Wiki Expertise in Shopify Liquid template language Working knowledge in Custom Shopify APP development (experience with ReCharge 3-4 years experience working in a professional web-development environment Demonstrate a mastery of HTML, CSS/SCSS & JavaScript Experience using JS libraries Well-versed in Git version control system Proficient with best practices in responsive design Solid knowledge of performance Improvement and optimization best practices Knowledge in data migration and synchronization between Shopify instances Fundamental understanding of Shopify and its API / Application ecosystem Excellent time management, problem solving, teamwork, and communication skills A passion for front-end architecture and learning new technologies. Deep understanding of ecommerce solutions, web design, development process, and Familiarity with A/B testing, SEO and data-driven practices Familiarity with analytics tools such as Google Analytics, GTM Familiarity with WCAG and accessibility best practices Positive attitude and problem solver Can work and stay well-organized between a variety of projects Ability to work independently to solve technical problems, mitigate risk, make decisions, Ability to work in a small and fast paced boutique environment Familiarity with WordPress a plus Experience building SPAs (Single Page Application) and PWAs (Progressive Web Front-end Javascript frameworks experience (React, Vue, Angular, Ember, etc.) TypeScript Familiarity with Slate and ThemeKit Understanding of SEO best practices Understanding of and experience implementing responsive UI/UX design Understanding of and experience implementing WCAG accessibility compliance Shopify App Development Strong full stack foundations Experience with server side Javascript (NPM, Node, Express) Experience with server side web and API dev (PHP, Ruby, Python, Java, .NET, etc.) Experience consuming third party APIs Experience with relational databases (MySQL, Postgres, SQL server, Oracle) Experience with schemaless DBs (MongoDB, etc.) Experience with Jira Experience using Git CLI and UIs, GitHub, and GitFlow branching and collaboration Agile experience a plus Server experience a plus (Linux/Unix/Apache/Nginx) Comfortable using CLI 
ScrapedJobID1194:
Comfortable with technology systems and FULLSTACK TECHIES internal tools 4+ years’ experience developing software products – any language 2+ years hands-on experience developing applications with Python 2+ years of UI development using jQuery or other JavaScript library (jQuery preferred, Angular, vue.js, React, etc. are acceptable) At least some development experience with Node.js Familiarity with writing and optimizing SQL queries is required Experience with Bootstrap HTML/CSS UI development is a bonus Good Experience with Python in an AWS environment is a bonus, especially Python lambda functions in AWS Ability to contribute anywhere in the stack and wear multiple hats A focus on quality: Write your own unit tests, integrations tests Focus on data-driven decision making and learning by experimentation Python, Django, REACT, NODE, Python Script, HTML, CSS Database optimization Experienced in AWS – EC2, RDS, SES, S3 Familiarity with Agile Methodology, Test-Driven Development and software design patterns 
ScrapedJobID1195:
Architecting bespoke web-based solutions that meet our client's business needs using your skills in both frontend (typically React) and backend (Node) JavaScript. Ensuring secure and elegant code is implemented across our Node-based clients. Working with strategists, designers and front-end developers to define and create amazing digital experiences. HTML, CSS, Core JS. Strong experience in one of React, Angular, Vue. GraphQL based state management or Redux (Flux architecture) experience. Experience with Gatsby and/or headless CMS platforms is a plus. Expertise in core Node. Comfortable with modern JavaScript including ES6 through ES9. Express server expertise. Socket.io expertise. Comfortable working with streams. Experience architecting and documenting RESTful APIs. Database configuration, management and deployment. Interest or experience with AWS/Azure/Google Cloud or other Cloud Platforms. Architecting serverless solutions. 
ScrapedJobID1196:
8 hour shift Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID1197:
Strong proficiency in Web Platform technologies such HTML, CSS, browser APIs, events, storage options and JavaScript (ECMAScript 2015+) or TypeScript Experience with front-end frameworks such as React, Angular, or Vue Experience managing front-end states (with Redux, Context API or similar) and designing data models that scale with RESTful API or GraphQL in complex, single-page web applications Understand end-to-end front-end development methodologies and tool chains such as NPM, Yarn, Lerna, Webpack, ES Lint, DevTools and Node.js 
ScrapedJobID1198:
Design, development, implementation, and testing of software applications, as well as the maintenance of existing applications Design database architecture, create/manage build scripts, and continuous documentation Continuous collaboration with team members in an Agile environment, as well as continuous research into up-and-coming, innovative technologies Degree/Diploma in Computer Science, Software/Computer Engineering, Data Science, Mathematics or equivalent 5+ years of software application development at the enterprise level in a Java/J2EE environment 4+ years of relational database experience (MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, etc.) as well as build tools (Maven, Ant, Gradle, etc.) and REST API creation/integration Experience with Docker containerization, AWS cloud integration, big data solutions, and JavaScript web development are all considered assets Excellent verbal and written communication skills, and ability to work both in a team and autonomous (remote) environments 
ScrapedJobID1199:
Write efficient, reliable and robust code for front end and back-end APIs. Work with development teams, stakeholders and Business Analyst to ideate software solutions. Debug, deploy and upgrade software. Take ownership, triage and troubleshoot any code issues. Effectively contribute to the specification, design, build and test phases of development. Basically, you're excited to bring an exciting user experience to our patients. You're passionate, creative, and understand life at a fast-growing company You learn quickly and master diverse technologies and techniques You're also known as uber-competent. You're good at what you do and you're passionate about coding You have never encountered a problem you couldn't creatively solve 2+ years proven work experience as a proficient Full Stack Developer Experience using React & Golang (2+ years) Experience developing desktop and mobile application Comp Sci Degree Start-up mentality Willingness to learn new tech Experience using Flutter 
ScrapedJobID1200:

ScrapedJobID1201:
API design and development UI design and development Business logic development Thorough application testing Build, distribution, and integration support Java/Kotlin, Swift, Objective-C, C, C++ Current knowledge with either Android or iOS programming (or both!) Experience building and designing highly scalable solutions Experience with open source or research projects Experience with automated unit and integration testing Security algorithms and protocols Startup experience Version control (Git, Gerrit) Development on Mac machines B.Sc. or M.Sc. in computer science or related field Strong (>3 years) experience in mobile development with exposure to both UI and system-level development in a professional team environment And/Or, strong (>5 years) server-side or web development experience, motivated to switch to mobile development Able to architect and develop robust, maintainable systems, not just hack together code for one-off projects Strong desire to learn and work with new mobile technologies and architectures Passionate about your work and creating quality solutions Agile development experience Strong team player All applicants must be legal to work in Canada Unlimietd Vacation Time !! Stock Options 
ScrapedJobID1202:
Collaborate with stakeholders, understanding business opportunities, collecting relevant information, and bringing insights to their strategy. Develop backend applications (with Python or Java), and frontend web applications (React). Fixing bugs and provide required support. Work on improvements for business products. Bachelor"s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related. At least 2-3 years of experience in the field. Experience working on end-to-end full-stack applications Proficient in Python or Java, and web development. Experience with relational databases and document stores. Attention to detail. Great communication skills and willingness to learn. Contact with Linux with version control. Cloud experience on Google Cloud or AWS. Containerization in Docker or Kubernetes. Experience with highly available distributed systems Collaborer avec les parties prenantes, comprendre les opportunités commerciales, collecter les informations pertinentes et apporter des informations à leur stratégie. Développer des applications backend (avec Python ou Java), et des applications web frontend (React). Corriger les bugs et fournir le support requis. Travailler sur des améliorations pour les produits d'affaires. Baccalauréat en informatique, en génie ou dans un domaine connexe. Au moins 2-3 ans d'expérience dans le domaine. Expérience de travail sur des applications full-stack de bout en bout. Maîtrise de Python ou Java, et du développement web. Expérience avec les bases de données relationnelles et les magasins de documents. Souci du détail. Excellentes capacités de communication et volonté d'apprendre. Contact avec Linux avec contrôle de version. Expérience cloud sur Google Cloud ou AWS. Conteneurisation dans Docker ou Kubernetes. Expérience avec des systèmes distribués hautement disponibles 
ScrapedJobID1203:
Dirigera toute activité du cycle de vie du développement logiciel ; estimer et planifier, concevoir, coder, documenter et tester des applications logicielles Peut assumer certaines responsabilités d'architecture Responsable d'assurer la conformité de la conception et de la mise en œuvre avec l'architecture prévue Fournira un mentorat technique aux membres de l'équipe de projet et sera responsable de la supervision directe du personnel subalterne de l'équipe Agir en tant que gestionnaire hiérarchique pour un groupe de 3 développeurs ou plus, y compris le mentorat de carrière et les évaluations de performance formelles Travailler en étroite collaboration avec le chef de projet qui réalise le projet et l'architecte qui fournit des conseils sur les solutions et les pratiques d'ingénierie Travaillera avec les analystes commerciaux et/ou les utilisateurs finaux pour définir, documenter et réviser les spécifications fonctionnelles du système ainsi que les exigences logicielles et matérielles Relève généralement d'un gestionnaire de pratique ; soutenir la pratique en administrant les politiques et en participant au processus de recrutement Peut fournir un support avant-vente, en étroite collaboration avec un architecte Travailler sur toute autre tâche connexe chaque fois que nécessaire Démontrer le leadership d'équipes de développement multidisciplinaires Agir en tant que consultant fournissant des conseils dans son domaine d'expertise, renforçant la crédibilité et faisant preuve de leadership, en s'engageant directement avec le client Posséder d'excellentes compétences en communication avec la capacité de traduire les besoins commerciaux des clients en recommandations de développement de logiciels pour une équipe multidisciplinaire ; chef de projet, analyste d'affaires, analyste qualité et développeurs Démontrer des compétences en résolution de problèmes pour faire face à des situations complexes tout en proposant des solutions créatives S'efforcer de s'améliorer continuellement et de se développer personnellement, en encourageant de manière proactive les membres de l'équipe à en faire de même Plus de 9 ans d’expérience dans l’analyse orientée objet, la conception, le développement et l’intégration de produits logiciels. Plus de 5 ans d’expérience en programmation avec React, Angular ou un autre framework JavaScript similaire Plus de 3 ans en tant que chef d’équipe (taille de l’équipe technique de 3 formations et / ou expérience requises: Connaissance des plateformes Cloud (Azure, AWS) Expérience pratique dans toutes les couches d’une application Web d’entreprise, du backend au front-end. Capacité à écrire des algorithmes complexes Expérience avec les architectures logicielles modernes Capacité avérée à respecter les délais et à réaliser avec succès les livrables Expérience avec le développement Agile ou toute autre méthodologie de développement logiciel itérative Expérience pratique de l’intégration continue Nécessite un diplôme et / ou au moins 9 ans d’expérience connexe Will lead any software development lifecycle activity; estimating and planning, designing, coding, documenting and testing of software applications May take on some architecture responsibilities Responsible for ensuring conformance of design and implementation with the intended architecture Will provide technical mentorship to project team members and will be responsible for direct supervision of subordinate staff on the team Will act as hierarchical manager for a group of 3 or more developers, including career mentorship and formal performance reviews Work closely with the Project Manager who delivers the project and the architect who provides solution and engineering practices guidance Will work with Business Analysts and/or End Users to define, document and review system functional specifications as well as software and hardware requirements Typically reports to a Practice Manager; supporting the practice administrating policies and participating in the recruitment process May provide pre-sales support, working closely with an architect Work on any other related task whenever necessary Demonstrate leadership of multidisciplinary development teams Act as a consultant providing advisory in his area of expertise, building credibility and demonstrating leadership, engaging directly with the client Possess excellent communication skills with the ability to translate client business needs into software development recommendations for a multi-disciplinary team; project manager, business analyst, quality analyst and developers Demonstrate problem solving skills to deal with complex situations while providing creative solutions Strive for continuous improvement and personal development, proactively encouraging the same from team members 9+ years of experience in Object Oriented analysis, design, development and integration of software products. 5+ years of experience programming with React, Angular or another similar JavaScript Framework 3+ years as a Team Lead (technical team size of 3 people or more) 2+ years of experience programming with NodeJS Knowledge of Cloud platforms (Azure, AWS) Hands on experience within all layers of an enterprise web application, backend to front end. Ability to write complex algorithms Experience with modern software architectures Proven ability to meet deadlines and successfully complete deliverables Experience with Agile Development or any other iterative software development methodology Hands on experience with continuous integration Requires a Degree and/or at least 9 years of related experience 
ScrapedJobID1204:
Engage with the team to design and develop best-in-class features Collaborate with cross-functional peers as we productize your work Innovate as you research new technologies and solve complex problems Support the team to resolve issues reported by our customers Share well-developed product knowledge with peers, internal customers and new entrants into department Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or Engineering, or equivalent Experience designing and developing scalable server-side applications in a microservices-based architecture using JavaScript/TypeScript (Node.js) Experience in an Agile software development environment (SCRUM) Experience with SQL databases such as PostgreSQL Familiar with REST and gRPC Familiar with HTTP and WebSocket Familiar with web development using React JS Experience with HTML5 and CSS Familiar with object-oriented design and design patterns Passionate about cloud technologies Independent and willing to take initiative Excellent verbal and written communication skills NoSQL and/or time-series databases GraphQL and/or SOAP Networking and TCP/IP, UDP protocols Cloud frameworks (AWS, GCP, Azure, OpenStack, etc.) Experience building large, complex and multi-threaded applications designed for concurrency 
ScrapedJobID1205:
5+ years of full software development lifecycle experience in the JavaScript ecosystem Significant experience with front-end web development specifically with React Adept at React State Management leveraging Redux 1+ year of professional experience spanning JQuery, Cypress, Puppeteer & Gherkin test frameworks 1+ year of experience leveraging a combination of: HTML5, CSS3/SASS, Jest, Enzyme, Mocha, MaterialUI API Driven design and development Solid analysis, documentation, and client-facing skills A strong curiosity about our clients' business needs coupled with a passion to stay on the cutting edge Consulting skills reflecting team building, flexibility, and customer service Demonstrated ability working in a geographically distributed onshore and offshore development team Ability to demonstrate skills in analysis, design, implementation, and development process Must currently reside in Canada and be eligible to work for any employer to apply (we exclusively hire direct salaried employees) Undergraduate Degree in Computer Science, Physics or Mathematics (Graduate Degree always is a plus) An Agile mindset with experience working in Agile environment A spirit of collaboration and transparent communication A natural curiosity for new scripting languages , frameworks and technologies High personal code/development standards (peer testing, unit testing, documentation, etc) 
ScrapedJobID1206:
Design and implement software solutions, leveraging the best development practices and testing strategies Participate in the design and architecture phases Contribute to the testing, deployment and monitoring of software components Contribute to the enhancement of the platform, operational processes and tools You will interact with developers co-located in an Agile environment, work in an open space and work with extremely talented people DevOps. We are committed to our practices and tools - CI/CD, containers, micro-services, Infra-As-Code. You will deal with a variety of cutting-edge software technologies that will shape how Bell is transforming the television market. Connect with people from different fields. You'll connect business vocabulary, product strategy and technical jargon A University degree in software/computer engineering, computer science A candidate with 1-5 years of software development Expert skills in an Object-Oriented language, preferably Java or C# Strong experience with unit testing, Test-Driven Development, code review, continuous integration, continuous delivery & DevOps practices. Excellent understanding of Object-Oriented principles, Design Patterns and software engineering best practices Experience with non-SQL databases (MongoDB) and real-time stream processing (Kafka). Good knowledge of web development technologies and protocols: HTTP, gRPC, RESTful services, Angular, Bootstrap You can quickly learn and adapt to new technologies, and you have a strong aptitude for innovation You are a team player who can define, establish and communicate their long term vision, who is adaptable to uncertain and changing needs You are a candidate with strong interpersonal, oral and written communication skills (A good sense of humor is a bonus!) You’re bilingual (French/English) Practical experience in Ansible, Go, Node.JS, Typescript ... Practical experience in Domain Driven Design Computer Security knowledge Strong IP networking skills Exposure to Agile methodologies (Scrum/Kanban) Ability to lead technical teams through design and implementation Experience with container environment: Docker, Docker Swarm, Kubernetes Extended health care 8 hour shift French: 10 years (preferred) Java Backend: 5 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1207:
Dental care Extended health care Vision care Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (required) Web Development: 5 years (required) React, Yarn and Git: 3 years (required) Javascript, CSS, HTML: 4 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1208:
Design, development, implementation, and testing of software applications, as well as the maintenance of existing applications Design database architecture, create/manage build scripts, and continuous documentation Continuous collaboration with team members in an Agile environment, as well as continuous research into up-and-coming, innovative technologies Degree/Diploma in Computer Science, Software/Computer Engineering, Data Science, Mathematics or equivalent 5+ years of software application development at the enterprise level in a Java/J2EE environment 4+ years of relational database experience (MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, etc.) as well as build tools (Maven, Ant, Gradle, etc.) and REST API creation/integration Experience with Docker containerization, AWS cloud integration, big data solutions, and JavaScript web development are all considered assets Excellent verbal and written communication skills, and ability to work both in a team and autonomous (remote) environments 
ScrapedJobID1209:
We're building a Kubernetes-native SaaS business that lives in the cloud. Our event-driven platform is underpinned with proven infrastructure technologies like Kafka, Postgres, and NoSQL storage. Our web UI uses modern technologies (like TypeScript, React, and GraphQL), and is always evolving to incorporate the best solutions for live, real-time interactions, that puts user experience first. Java and Spring-Boot have been a faithful workhorse powering our application. We're strongly committed to moving our code-base into the functional programming paradigm, introducing Scala superpowers, and making use of modern libraries and tooling. Build the next-generation of Statflo software with a collaborative and supportive team. Work in an agile environment with teammates in all types of roles. Build maintainable and understandable code. Share knowledge about what you've learned and built, and the challenges you've encountered, during our technology team get-togethers. Level-up everyone around you. Absorb the collective brilliance of your team. Bring our code and technologies to the next level! You have engineering experience in Scala or Java. A good understanding of web applications; Typescript and React, or other modern frameworks. You have experience using relational and NoSQL databases (column-oriented, graph, or other). Experience with API/micro-services design. Experience with deploying into and working directly with Kubernetes. Disciplined in your use of testing and automated deployment. You use, or are passionate about learning, typed functional programming. You understand category-theoretic concepts, and know how to apply them in a practical and approachable manner. You have a sense of ownership and responsibility for the code you write. Effective communication and collaboration skills. You are eager to problem-solve and troubleshoot. 
ScrapedJobID1210:
Building pipeline scheduling and execution platform, as well as the corresponding frontend to manage and interact with the platform, to do analysis of our simulations and datasets; Developing on-premises cluster projects as well as utilizing public cloud computing infrastructure services; Building front-end Web Interface for engineers and testops to control and monitor the onboard system, that visualize in real time, the perceived surroundings and decided routes of our autonomous driving system; Building web-based tools to optimize the labelling of our datasets to greatly increase the efficiency and correctness; Develop vehicle oversight service software to monitor vehicles remotely Provide vehicle monitor and management API service to customers Proactively identify problems and make technical suggestion on requirements Experience in building highly scalable enterprise web applications Experience in developing microservices using AWS or other equivalent cloud framework Experience in developing secured API and publishing user document Excellent knowledge of different API mechanism such as REST, RPC/gRPC, HTTP, GraphQL Experience in developing extensible APIs and highly maintainable services. Experience in deploying, monitoring and maintaining services and systems. Excellent knowledge of databases like Dynamodb, Mongodb, SQL Fluent in JavaScript & Python Understanding of SOA, SAAS, and REST/OAuth/JSON architectures and services. Familiar with front-end Vue.js framework Familiar with back-end Flask or Django framework Familiar with iOS/Android mobile application development 100% employer-paid healthcare premiums for you and your family Work visa sponsorship available Relocation assistance available Gym membership reimbursement Monthly team building budget Learning/education budget 
ScrapedJobID1211:
Development of Windows Azure Cloud projects. Implement Industry best practices in design, coding and ensure Quality. Work closely with other software and hardware engineers to solve design issues. Responsible for Coding, Bug Fixing, Unit Testing, & Software Configuration. Interfacing software applications with other devices and control systems. Providing relevant documentation. Assist team(s) in providing the right approach, coding & design standards. Perform peer code reviews to detect any anomalies during development. Take complete ownership of Development and maintenance Needs to have a good exposure to Frontend development. Developing javascript based functions and UI elements using SVG, Images etc Microsoft Azure , ASP .NET, C# ,Full Stack Developer, JavaScript(Any framework) Monday to Friday Full Stack Developer: 6 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1212:
Develop in-depth knowledge of the application portfolio, technical architecture, development tools and procedures Configure, design, develop and test new applications and enhancements or bug fixes aligning to development standards Develop web-based application interfaces Work with business analysts in the development and review of business and system requirements to obtain a thorough understanding of business needs to deliver quality solutions to support the business Work with application support analyst to provide second level application support Maintain technical documentation that represents the software design and code base for ongoing maintenance Perform end-to-end systems verification testing Work with internal and external development teams in the analysis and resolution of issues related to information content, data integrity, and application performance University degree in computer science, engineering, or Information Technology related discipline Minimum of six (6) years’ programming / software development work experience 2-3 years’ experience with mid-tier application development -- MS .Net Core, MS ASP.Net Web API, RESTful API services 3-5 years’ experience with database development -- MS SQL Server 2008+, programming (stored procedures, user defined functions, triggers), SQL Profiler, MS .Net Entity Framework (5.x +) 3-5 years’ experience with programming languages -- C# 3.5+, Visual Basic, VB.Net Experienced with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) with analysis, design, development, documentation, and testing phases Knowledge of SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) Experience managing deployment of applications on on-premises data center, cloud, and 3rd party cloud-hosted environments Basic understanding of application network and infrastructure connectivity such as IP whitelisting Exposure to source code repositories including MS Team Foundation Server (TFS), BitBucket, Git. Hands on experience with Kentico, WordPress/PHP, SharePoint, or other content management system (CMS) platforms Exposure to CRM system such as Salesforce is an asset Microsoft Certification on Azure platform is an asset Accustomed to working in a highly dynamic environment and ability to manage multiple priorities between operational support and project assignments Demonstrated skills in problem and defect management, unit testing, system integration testing and ability to clearly communicate and share solutions with stakeholders Self-starter and proactive attitude, ability to work independently and in a team environment, desire to continuously learn new skills and technology Strong work ethic and drive for results Experience in a healthcare environment an asset Highly effective verbal and written communication skills, with ability to express ideas and opinions clearly and effectively in English; French is an asset Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1213:

ScrapedJobID1214:
Expertise in Shopify Liquid template language Working knowledge in Custom Shopify APP development (experience with ReCharge 3-4 years experience working in a professional web-development environment Demonstrate a mastery of HTML, CSS/SCSS & JavaScript Collaborate with our talented design, UX and project management teams to transform Provide technical advice and input to the scope of work including platform Work to help architect, develop, test and deploy new components & site features for our Collaborate with the Creative Team to translate visual designs into responsive front end Assist with the integration / onboarding of new technologies and applications Provide long term solutions and short term options for common maintenance requests Build out custom Shopify themes and modifying pre-existing themes depending on the Implement marketing pixels and client-specific integrations Document technical procedures and best practice for our internal Wiki Work on multiple projects simultaneously Vet and manage relationships with technical service providers including hosting Collaborate with our talented design, UX and project management teams to transform Provide technical advice and input to the scope of work including platform Work to help architect, develop, test and deploy new components & site features for our Collaborate with the Creative Team to translate visual designs into responsive front end Assist with the integration / onboarding of new technologies and applications Provide long term solutions and short term options for common maintenance requests Build out custom Shopify themes and modifying pre-existing themes depending on the Implement marketing pixels and client-specific integrations Document technical procedures and best practice for our internal Wiki Represent Roswell in a professional manner during sales calls/meetings where technical Work on multiple projects simultaneously Vet and manage relationships with technical service providers including hosting Collaborate with our talented design, UX and project management teams to transform Provide technical advice and input to the scope of work including platform Work to help architect, develop, test and deploy new components & site features for our Collaborate with the Creative Team to translate visual designs into responsive front end Assist with the integration / onboarding of new technologies and applications Provide long term solutions and short term options for common maintenance requests Build out custom Shopify themes and modifying pre-existing themes depending on the Implement marketing pixels and client-specific integrations Document technical procedures and best practice for our internal Wiki Expertise in Shopify Liquid template language Working knowledge in Custom Shopify APP development (experience with ReCharge 3-4 years experience working in a professional web-development environment Demonstrate a mastery of HTML, CSS/SCSS & JavaScript Experience using JS libraries Well-versed in Git version control system Proficient with best practices in responsive design Solid knowledge of performance Improvement and optimization best practices Knowledge in data migration and synchronization between Shopify instances Fundamental understanding of Shopify and its API / Application ecosystem Excellent time management, problem solving, teamwork, and communication skills A passion for front-end architecture and learning new technologies. Deep understanding of ecommerce solutions, web design, development process, and Familiarity with A/B testing, SEO and data-driven practices Familiarity with analytics tools such as Google Analytics, GTM Familiarity with WCAG and accessibility best practices Positive attitude and problem solver Can work and stay well-organized between a variety of projects Ability to work independently to solve technical problems, mitigate risk, make decisions, Ability to work in a small and fast paced boutique environment Familiarity with WordPress a plus Experience building SPAs (Single Page Application) and PWAs (Progressive Web Front-end Javascript frameworks experience (React, Vue, Angular, Ember, etc.) TypeScript Familiarity with Slate and ThemeKit Understanding of SEO best practices Understanding of and experience implementing responsive UI/UX design Understanding of and experience implementing WCAG accessibility compliance Shopify App Development Strong full stack foundations Experience with server side Javascript (NPM, Node, Express) Experience with server side web and API dev (PHP, Ruby, Python, Java, .NET, etc.) Experience consuming third party APIs Experience with relational databases (MySQL, Postgres, SQL server, Oracle) Experience with schemaless DBs (MongoDB, etc.) Experience with Jira Experience using Git CLI and UIs, GitHub, and GitFlow branching and collaboration Agile experience a plus Server experience a plus (Linux/Unix/Apache/Nginx) Comfortable using CLI 
ScrapedJobID1215:
Working with stakeholders to understand and define customer requirements and project KPIs Designing and implementing product features in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Svelte Helping to improve and maintain the Smart Access product and systems infrastructure Collaborating with Data Science and other engineers across the entire stack Delivering everything from tiny front-end UX improvements to broad infrastructure changes spanning multiple codebases Debugging and identifying front-end or API related issues Coordinating and communicating within the team, and with customers Researching and integrating new technologies to drive our development process forward Striving for continuous improvement Periodic progress reporting to Management and the customer A minimum 3 yrs. of professional experience as a JavaScript Developer, 5 yrs. experience preferred JavaScript experience - Advanced JS,Svelte, ES6, Webpack, Rollup Experience building custom web applications Solid understanding of web technologies, including HTTP, RESTful services Familiar with basic data structure and algorithms, as well as databases and SQL Ability to discover the true requirements, underlying feature requests, and recommend alternative technical and business approaches Experience with developing and executing Unit, Integration, and End to End tests Excellent troubleshooting skills Awareness of Agile principles Strong written, oral, interpersonal and presentation skills Ability to multitask 
ScrapedJobID1216:
Architect the front-end client code and drive cross-team engineering efforts. Design and implement new features in our header bidding and monetization systems. Contribute to reducing latency, improving code efficiency of the front end of the application stack. Work with modern build tools to streamline development, testing and deployment of front end code. Participate in code review sessions and work with other engineers to build optimal solutions. Mentor more junior engineers on the team. Produce prototype features, experiments and iterate quickly to test ideas on optimizations. Support and debug production level issues and provide fixes in a timely manner At least 5 years of experience working on front-end applications in a professional environment. Strong fundamentals in web applications and front-end technologies including JavaScript, ES6 and modern frameworks such as TypeScript, React, Angular. Knowledge of RESTful web services. Able to expertly debug web applications using profilers and other tools. Understanding of the ad tech ecosystem and/or ad tech experience. Familiarity with tag management systems. Knowledge of the intricacies of working with different browsers (vendors, versions). Have built technology based on pure JavaScript (no frameworks). 
ScrapedJobID1217:
At least 3 years of Web Front End development experience; more experienced candidates are welcome Strong knowledge of React/Redux architecture Strong knowledge of HTML/CSS, animations, transitions, responsive design and browser specifics Solid knowledge of JavaScript, ES6, TypeScript and Node.js Comfortable with the Unix command lines Experience with a revision control tools, ideally from the command line: such as svn, git, p4 Self-directed; able to own your work and not be spoon fed Must be a resident of Canada and be eligible to work in Canada Communicate with remote team members regarding the project requirements, priorities and progress Build community tools which will be used by game developers and gamers Support and improve the existing tools and services Make sure the code quality is good and improving Experience with video streaming implementation and working with distributed teams DevOps experience - CI and deployments Understanding of and willingness to work according to agile manifesto spirit Familiarity with the video games industry and gamers community Diploma in C.S., Comp. Eng., or equivalent Annual Medical Allowance (Dental, Vision & More) Disability insurance Paid time off Remote working Continues learning opportunities Overtime pay 
ScrapedJobID1218:
Il s'agit d'un poste contractuel d’un an à temps plein avec possibilité d’embauche permanente par la suite. 
ScrapedJobID1219:
 Strong Work Ethic Top Drawer Always Learning Heart Discipline Efficacy Together  An attractive compensation package Excellent benefits Medical, Dental, Vision etc. (this routinely gets reviewed each year for enhancements) Paid stat/federal holidays, vacation and sick days Flexible paid stat/federal holidays (because we care about what you care about and want to celebrate our culturally diverse team!) R&P branded swag Parental & adoption leave top up / salary continuance 401K/RRSP matching  A #FollowTheTalent mentality - meaning you can be located anywhere in North America and work remotely. (We have 10+ years of experience building virtual working environments #WeKnowWhatWereDoing) A dynamic, fast-paced environment where we're constantly #alwayslearning. And lastly, a team that cares about you and wants to drive the talent experience. How do we do this? Over the years we've hosted comedian shows, had holiday parties, happy hours, brunches with the CEO, surprise coffee runs for the team, health & wellness events and prizes, trivia nights, surprise dinners for R&P team members and their family and so much more! (And yes, we've prioritized a way to do these things in a virtual setting and not just in person - thank you Zoom!) Work on Client products as well as our own products, delivering first-class software Build out mobile APIs and web applications for mobile and browser Clients Peer review other team members' code, and learn and adapt from peer review of your own code Support sales and project managers with technical insights, leading to the creation of budgets and schedules for projects You apply wisdom and knowledge to resolve issues and challenges while looking for new innovative solutions 7+ years of delivering software B.S. or higher in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent work experience Proficient with the latest and greatest of vanilla JavaScript, HTML, and CSS Expertise working within modern frontend frameworks like React, Angular, Vue, etc. with the ability to weigh their pros and cons, and the willingness to rotate between them as needed Highly proficient in building fully interactive and visually complex user interfaces from scratch Confidently able to translate a design mock up into a near-pixel-perfect implementation across browsers Experience using modern development tooling, like precompilers (e.g. - Webpack, Babel) and preprocessors (eg. SASS, LESS) Working with API's and third party integrations is second nature Strong understanding of responsive design and development Experience with test-driven development and basic understanding of QA Processes Understanding of common user interface guidelines and standards applied to web and mobile Familiar with SEO and web analytics practices and platforms Experience working alongside a creative team to negotiate and influence the design process Demonstrated ability to learn new technologies Passion for both the user and developer experiences Sharpies, Post-its and robot dreams Experience in either an internal or external consulting role Comfortable with working directly with a client as well as driving innovative solutions Advanced experience working with content management systems Advance knowledge and experience with common web application technology stacks like Java, PHP or Python Experience working alongside and leading discussions with a creative team to negotiate and influence the design process Advanced experience in exporting your own creative assets out of common design tools like Sketch and Photoshop Advanced experience working on applications that connect to middleware technologies or databases 
ScrapedJobID1220:
Analyze, design, configure, administer and manage MS Dynamics CRM; Create, modify and maintain functionalities of Microsoft Dynamics CRM; Actively engaged in the projects assigned to you: creating timelines, tasks definition and distribution, code review, implementation Guide, support and coach junior colleagues, consultants and offshore teams involved in the projects Work with a User Experience (UX) Specialist to enhance the user experience of MS Dynamics CRM; Extend the Dynamics CRM platform by using the supported API and C#.Net (e.g., Develop plug-ins for Dynamics CRM); Create and maintain SSRS Reports; Analyze, program and optimize database queries; Document programming changes and prepare user documentation; May be called upon to analyze, maintain and optimize SQL data bases and internet information services (IIS). Bachelor’s degree or college diploma in Computer Science (with complementary experience). 5 years’ experience in a similar position. Experience in development team coordination, an asset. Experience in project management, an asset Experience in customization and development of a CRM, Dynamics and asset. Experience with relational databases (SQL Server), programming languages (C#, ASP.NET, .NET Core). Web programming (JavaScript, HTML5, jQuery, Web Services, HTML and CSS). Familiar with Microsoft Dynamics Navision software, an asset. Sound knowledge of object-oriented programming concepts. (S.O.L.I.D. Principles) Sound knowledge in unit testing (MSBuild, XUnit) Experience with CI/CD Analyser, concevoir, configurer, administrer et gérer MS Dynamics CRM; Créer, modifier et maintenir les fonctionnalités de Microsoft Dynamics CRM; Activement engagé dans les projets qui vous sont confiés: création de délais, définition et distribution des tâches, revue de code, implémentation Guider, accompagner et coacher les collègues juniors, les consultants et les équipes offshore impliqués dans les projets Travailler avec un spécialiste de l'expérience utilisateur (UX) pour améliorer l'expérience utilisateur de MS Dynamics CRM; Étendre la plate-forme Dynamics CRM en utilisant l'API et C # .Net pris en charge (par exemple, Développer des plug-ins pour Dynamics CRM); Créer et maintenir des rapports SSRS; Analyser, programmer et optimiser les requêtes de base de données; Documenter les changements de programmation et préparer la documentation utilisateur; Peut être appelé à analyser, maintenir et optimiser des bases de données SQL et des services d'information Internet (IIS). Baccalauréat ou diplôme collégial en informatique (avec une expérience complémentaire). 5 ans d’expérience dans un poste similaire. Expérience en coordination d'équipe de développement, un atout. Expérience en gestion de projet, un atout Expérience de la personnalisation et du développement d'un CRM, de la dynamique et d'un actif. Expérience des bases de données relationnelles (SQL Server), des langages de programmation (C #, ASP.NET, .NET Core). Programmation Web (JavaScript, HTML5, jQuery, Web Services, HTML et CSS). Connaissance du logiciel Microsoft Dynamics Navision, un atout. Bonne connaissance des concepts de programmation orientée objet. (Principes S.O.L.I.D.) Bonne connaissance des tests unitaires (MSBuild, XUnit) Expérience avec CI / CD Capable d'établir des priorités, de respecter les délais et de travailler dans un environnement au rythme rapide. Très bonnes compétences en communication orale et écrite Analytique et attention aux détails. Leadership et autonome. Esprit d'équipe. Microsoft Dynamics CRM, un atout NET (3.5+) avec C #, y compris WCF et WF. ASP.NET Core, API Web Microsoft ASP.NET. Protocoles Rest et SOAP. Azure DevOps. Microsoft Internet Information Server (IIS). SQL Server 2012-2016 et SSRS. Workflow, Microsoft Active Directory. 
ScrapedJobID1221:
Under supervision, develop code, new small/midsize applications (e.g., where no commercially available solution exists), real time and batch interface programs, as well as programs for automatic correction of erroneous data, programs to extract, translate, load, and verify data using an enterprise messaging layer (i.e. Kafka) Utilize modern development practices such as Continuous Integration, Continuous Deployment, and Agile methodologies Develop Unit test cases, using test-driven development and automated testing frameworks, and validate test results during testing Test and debug application in conjunction with business to ensure reliability and that standards and business requirements are met Assist business users in solving programs, answer system and application-related questions, validate and challenge resolution recommendation, and address/resolve escalated issues Post-secondary education in relevant knowledge field or an acceptable combination of education and experience Technical knowledge and expertise in computer software, operating systems, and applications acquired through formal education and progressively responsible experience in systems development 3+ years of experience designing and developing applications solutions to address moderately complex challenges UNIX/Linux/Windows experience with shell scripting, UNIX utilities etc. Experience with MS Access (Visual Basics) Experience with Cloud based Integration Architecture and API integrations Competent in one or more of the following technologies is required: Development experience in Java, C#, COBOL, Python, .NET, UNIX shell scripting Databases and data formats: DB2, Oracle, Web Services, API, JSON, XML data interchange format Enterprise Service Bus, Kafka architecture, ELK, Elasticsearch Web Application Technologies: Application servers (WebSphere, WebLogic, JBOSS), Web application frameworks (Tapestry, Rails, Django / flask, Spring, Ruby on Rails), Object Relational Mapping (Hibernate, JEE, JavaScript) Development Tools: IDEs (e.g. IntelliJ, Eclipse), Source Code Management (HP CMS, GIT, CVS, Subversion) Operational Systems: OpenVMS, Linux, Windows Server Internet/Intranet – HTTP, IIS, ASP, JSON, XML JavaScript, .Net Project Management Tools - JIRA, ALM, Confluence Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1222:
Build tools and technology for the unique problems of inventory management, logistics, and order fulfillment Create new and innovative systems alongside streamlining and optimizing current processes Experience working in the latest technology, a ubiquitous culture based upon data, and a team of dedicated team members ready to collaborate Build software tools for better reporting and telemetry on our warehouse processes Build tools that support our operations and logistics teams to efficiently sort, pick, pack, and ship orders Contribute to solutions that aid in the tracking and retrieval of hundreds of thousands of consigned items across multiple warehouses 5+ Years experience in a Software Engineering role Strong understanding of building production-ready web applications and systems Fluency with any of Ruby, Elixir, Erlang Strong understanding of web-app performance fundamentals and related dev tools Mastery of git and Github workflows Bachelor of Computer Science degree or equivalent experience Experience building Operations and Logistics applications Strong understanding of web technologies: HTML5, Javascript, CSS/SASS, REST, JSON Experience with GraphQL Experience with Kafka Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID1223:
Dental care Extended health care Vision care Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (required) Web Development: 5 years (required) React, Yarn and Git: 3 years (required) Javascript, CSS, HTML: 4 years (required) Yes 
ScrapedJobID1224:
Working with the UI/UX design team and Procut Owners, you will develop user interfaces for unique web applications. Implement efficient, robust, scalable and maintainable features. Support, fix and update applications already deployed in production environments. Provide end-to-end development of software systems from design through development to deployments and maintenance. Be engaged in an agile culture by helping to define deliverables and effort Provide regular communication and feedback with your team and product owner throughout the Sprint and development lifecycle. Bring your passion for technology by providing input, research and evaluation to the leadership and architecture team 5+ years developing web applications Strong experience developing responsive web interfaces using HTML5, CSS3 & UI frameworks Strong experience with ASP.Net MVC with some experience with Classic ASP Some experience with Angular 8+ highly preferred, however recent Angular 2++ acceptable Responsive web design Unit Testing [Jasmine, Protractor] Dependency Injection (it's a design pattern that is ubiquitous in Angular and will help us determine the required depth of knowledge for Angular... it's also required to do proper unit testing) [di, d.i. , design patterns] More in depth Typescript CSS Grid Angular Router Angular Material Design State Management [NGXS, NGRX, CQRS pattern, Akita, state store, redux] Full stack (i.e. skills with Rest API and C# on the backend) 
ScrapedJobID1225:
Implement UI web applications via hands on ReactJS coding, and coding of automated unit and integration tests of components Understand the user stories assigned to your team, help manage and resolve or escalate issues faced by your team, and understand the progress of your team so you can represent them in higher-level status updates and discussions (e.g. Biweekly Program Reviews and Weekly Scrum of Scrums) Provide oversight, coaching and guidance to other Software Developers on designing and building ReactJS components and UI applications Perform code reviews for the code written by your team, promoting UI best practices and coding standards for the implementation of clean JavaScript/ES6 code and ReactJS components Collaborate with UI Architect to follow best practices for project’s code organization and data architecture, and the design of clean, reusable components Leverage components and applications applying UI design patterns, clean interface principles, and compliance standards Work closely with the Product Owner, Product Manager, UI Architect and UI/UX Designers to develop screens and screen flows that meet their requirements Occasionally design and develop RESTful APIs to help implement or improve UI features as necessary Provide performance testing inputs, improvement analysis and suggestions Help to implement POC systems/demoes as required for products Analyze the wider implication of changes and enhancements Work closely with the Sales team to assist with presentations, demos, etc. Help troubleshoot development and production problems as needed Actively participate in Agile scrum and SAFe ceremonies 
ScrapedJobID1226:
We're building a Kubernetes-native SaaS business that lives in the cloud. Our event-driven platform is underpinned with proven infrastructure technologies like Kafka, Postgres, and NoSQL storage. Our web UI uses modern technologies (like TypeScript, React, and GraphQL), and is always evolving to incorporate the best solutions for live, real-time interactions, that puts user experience first. Java and Spring-Boot have been a faithful workhorse powering our application. We're strongly committed to moving our code-base into the functional programming paradigm, introducing Scala superpowers, and making use of modern libraries and tooling. Build the next-generation of Statflo software with a collaborative and supportive team. Work in an agile environment with teammates in all types of roles. Build maintainable and understandable code. Share knowledge about what you've learned and built, and the challenges you've encountered, during our technology team get-togethers. Level-up everyone around you. Absorb the collective brilliance of your team. Bring our code and technologies to the next level! You have engineering experience in Scala or Java. A good understanding of web applications; Typescript and React, or other modern frameworks. You have experience using relational and NoSQL databases (column-oriented, graph, or other). Experience with API/micro-services design. Experience with deploying into and working directly with Kubernetes. Disciplined in your use of testing and automated deployment. You use, or are passionate about learning, typed functional programming. You understand category-theoretic concepts, and know how to apply them in a practical and approachable manner. You have a sense of ownership and responsibility for the code you write. Effective communication and collaboration skills. You are eager to problem-solve and troubleshoot. 
ScrapedJobID1227:

ScrapedJobID1228:
Write efficient, reliable and robust code for front end and back-end APIs. Work with development teams, stakeholders and Business Analyst to ideate software solutions. Debug, deploy and upgrade software. Take ownership, triage and troubleshoot any code issues. Effectively contribute to the specification, design, build and test phases of development. Basically, you're excited to bring an exciting user experience to our patients. You're passionate, creative, and understand life at a fast-growing company You learn quickly and master diverse technologies and techniques You're also known as uber-competent. You're good at what you do and you're passionate about coding You have never encountered a problem you couldn't creatively solve 2+ years proven work experience as a proficient Full Stack Developer Experience using React & Golang (2+ years) Experience developing desktop and mobile application Comp Sci Degree Start-up mentality Willingness to learn new tech Experience using Flutter 
ScrapedJobID1229:
Architect the front-end client code and drive cross-team engineering efforts. Design and implement new features in our header bidding and monetization systems. Contribute to reducing latency, improving code efficiency of the front end of the application stack. Work with modern build tools to streamline development, testing and deployment of front end code. Participate in code review sessions and work with other engineers to build optimal solutions. Mentor more junior engineers on the team. Produce prototype features, experiments and iterate quickly to test ideas on optimizations. Support and debug production level issues and provide fixes in a timely manner At least 5 years of experience working on front-end applications in a professional environment. Strong fundamentals in web applications and front-end technologies including JavaScript, ES6 and modern frameworks such as TypeScript, React, Angular. Knowledge of RESTful web services. Able to expertly debug web applications using profilers and other tools. Understanding of the ad tech ecosystem and/or ad tech experience. Familiarity with tag management systems. Knowledge of the intricacies of working with different browsers (vendors, versions). Have built technology based on pure JavaScript (no frameworks). 
ScrapedJobID1230:
Developing features or product using: Node.js, JavaScript, Python/Flask, PostgreSQL, React.js, AWS, Linux, Docker, Git, Cloud Services and any other new technologies. Building JavaScript applications capable of tracking and responding to billions of requests per month. Developing APIs and integrating with 3rd party APIs to automate manual tasks. Implementing UI facilitating third-party reporting and streamlining ad operations. Integration of services to maximize ad revenues and maintain strong user experience. Planning and prototyping new applications. Defect resolution of existing and new issues. Unit testing new features to ensure they conform to MonetizeMore's quality standards and meet requirements. Code reviews. Running performance benchmarking tests. Staying up to date with new trends and advancements in web development and ad tech. Attending daily stand-up meetings (30 mins) and other Scrum meetings (Every 2 weeks). Collaboration: Working remotely on complex projects necessitates that you work together with your team and share knowledge. Communication Skills: You are comfortable communicating in English at all levels, have strong spoken and written communication skills and are an active listener. Teamwork: You value team synergy and are excited about helping your team succeed. Interpersonal Skills: You are able to get along, work well and coordinate with others. Conflict Management: As a team, we are proactive in dealing with conflict. You are able to find constructive ways of resolving issues with other team members. Technology: A MonetizeMore developer is proficient in all stages of web development, from conception to deployment. You are a one-person army, ready and willing to attack any technical challenge that crosses your path Analytical and Problem Solving Skills: You work hard to understand technical issues and to resolve them in an effective manner. Detail Orientation: You work on many parts of an application or system at the same time and are able to focus on each detail meticulously. Initiative: You work well in a team, with little supervision, making well-reasoned and effective technical decisions. Reliability and Responsibility: You demonstrate reliability at all times. You give reasonable expectations within Agile Scrum framework and work hard and smart to achieve and surpass those expectations. You communicate what you are going to do, then meet that commitment. Thought Leadership: You analyze MonetizeMore's tech stack, systems and processes with the goal to iterate on a regular basis. You look for opportunities to improve to increase value to MonetizeMore and suggest them to the team. ) 
ScrapedJobID1231:
Working closely with engineering team, develop, maintain, and support company web applications Understanding application requirements and identifying key application features Collaborating with appropriate teams to set specifications for applications Design creative prototypes based on specifications Participate in regular team and project management meetings Keep up with the latest technologies and trends, with a goal to support continuous improvements Produce a high quality, low maintenance code that can be tested automatically and within deadlines Troubleshooting applications Write technical documentation on code you produce BA in Computer Science or Software Engineering preferred A minimum of 5 years of experience working as a Front-End developer Previous experience working in the oil & gas industry would be an asset Experience developing and using REST APIs Experience working on componentized and extensible web applications Experience with Angular, Typescript, JavaScript, HTML, and CSS Strong understanding of cookies, sessions, tokens, web sockets, and web components Experience working with javascript control libraries Experience working with Nx, NodeJs, and NPM Ability to troubleshoot and diagnose bugs using chrome developer tools Experience with ASP.NET Core and C# is preferable Willingness to take ownership and pride in your performance and its impact on company successes Excellent critical thinking and problem-solving skills Ability to be a team player as well as work independently Experience working with distributed virtual teams Strong organizational, planning and time management skills Strong attention to detail Excellent written and oral communication skills Competitive base salary Fantastic benefits package Career development and training opportunities 100% remote opportunity 
ScrapedJobID1232:
Dirigera toute activité du cycle de vie du développement logiciel ; estimer et planifier, concevoir, coder, documenter et tester des applications logicielles Peut assumer certaines responsabilités d'architecture Responsable d'assurer la conformité de la conception et de la mise en œuvre avec l'architecture prévue Fournira un mentorat technique aux membres de l'équipe de projet et sera responsable de la supervision directe du personnel subalterne de l'équipe Agir en tant que gestionnaire hiérarchique pour un groupe de 3 développeurs ou plus, y compris le mentorat de carrière et les évaluations de performance formelles Travailler en étroite collaboration avec le chef de projet qui réalise le projet et l'architecte qui fournit des conseils sur les solutions et les pratiques d'ingénierie Travaillera avec les analystes commerciaux et/ou les utilisateurs finaux pour définir, documenter et réviser les spécifications fonctionnelles du système ainsi que les exigences logicielles et matérielles Relève généralement d'un gestionnaire de pratique ; soutenir la pratique en administrant les politiques et en participant au processus de recrutement Peut fournir un support avant-vente, en étroite collaboration avec un architecte Travailler sur toute autre tâche connexe chaque fois que nécessaire Démontrer le leadership d'équipes de développement multidisciplinaires Agir en tant que consultant fournissant des conseils dans son domaine d'expertise, renforçant la crédibilité et faisant preuve de leadership, en s'engageant directement avec le client Posséder d'excellentes compétences en communication avec la capacité de traduire les besoins commerciaux des clients en recommandations de développement de logiciels pour une équipe multidisciplinaire ; chef de projet, analyste d'affaires, analyste qualité et développeurs Démontrer des compétences en résolution de problèmes pour faire face à des situations complexes tout en proposant des solutions créatives S'efforcer de s'améliorer continuellement et de se développer personnellement, en encourageant de manière proactive les membres de l'équipe à en faire de même Plus de 9 ans d’expérience dans l’analyse orientée objet, la conception, le développement et l’intégration de produits logiciels. Plus de 5 ans d’expérience en programmation avec React, Angular ou un autre framework JavaScript similaire Plus de 3 ans en tant que chef d’équipe (taille de l’équipe technique de 3 formations et / ou expérience requises: Connaissance des plateformes Cloud (Azure, AWS) Expérience pratique dans toutes les couches d’une application Web d’entreprise, du backend au front-end. Capacité à écrire des algorithmes complexes Expérience avec les architectures logicielles modernes Capacité avérée à respecter les délais et à réaliser avec succès les livrables Expérience avec le développement Agile ou toute autre méthodologie de développement logiciel itérative Expérience pratique de l’intégration continue Nécessite un diplôme et / ou au moins 9 ans d’expérience connexe Will lead any software development lifecycle activity; estimating and planning, designing, coding, documenting and testing of software applications May take on some architecture responsibilities Responsible for ensuring conformance of design and implementation with the intended architecture Will provide technical mentorship to project team members and will be responsible for direct supervision of subordinate staff on the team Will act as hierarchical manager for a group of 3 or more developers, including career mentorship and formal performance reviews Work closely with the Project Manager who delivers the project and the architect who provides solution and engineering practices guidance Will work with Business Analysts and/or End Users to define, document and review system functional specifications as well as software and hardware requirements Typically reports to a Practice Manager; supporting the practice administrating policies and participating in the recruitment process May provide pre-sales support, working closely with an architect Work on any other related task whenever necessary Demonstrate leadership of multidisciplinary development teams Act as a consultant providing advisory in his area of expertise, building credibility and demonstrating leadership, engaging directly with the client Possess excellent communication skills with the ability to translate client business needs into software development recommendations for a multi-disciplinary team; project manager, business analyst, quality analyst and developers Demonstrate problem solving skills to deal with complex situations while providing creative solutions Strive for continuous improvement and personal development, proactively encouraging the same from team members 9+ years of experience in Object Oriented analysis, design, development and integration of software products. 5+ years of experience programming with React, Angular or another similar JavaScript Framework 3+ years as a Team Lead (technical team size of 3 people or more) 2+ years of experience programming with NodeJS Knowledge of Cloud platforms (Azure, AWS) Hands on experience within all layers of an enterprise web application, backend to front end. Ability to write complex algorithms Experience with modern software architectures Proven ability to meet deadlines and successfully complete deliverables Experience with Agile Development or any other iterative software development methodology Hands on experience with continuous integration Requires a Degree and/or at least 9 years of related experience 
ScrapedJobID1233:
Provide expertise with application and database integration technologies, including solution and service-oriented architectures Follow Agile/Scrum Methodology: daily scrums, grooming, planning, retrospectives and project meetings as required Liaise with Product Management, DevOps and other project teams as required Work with the Product Management team to help in the gathering and documentation of requirements Working with an architecture team to create detailed Functional and Technical Specification designs Engage end-users and stakeholders during implementation Ability to quickly ramp up and apply new technologies and processes Enjoy working in a highly collaborative & dynamic team environment Strong debugging skills, to find the root cause of issues and resolve them 3-5 years of software development experience University degree in Computer Science, Programming, or equivalent education Self-learner and someone who is not afraid to embrace latest technologies Experience working in a diverse and multi-location company Proven ability to design software applications following object-oriented methodologies Demonstrated experience implementing solutions that are scalable and highly available based on industry best practices Software development experience in Java/J2EE and Spring eco-system (Core, MVC, Batch, Boot, etc…) Micro-services experience in implementation and API design Knowledgeable with data access technologies (Hibernate, OData, etc.) Experience with REST, especially with Java API for Restful Web Services, JSON data structures Experience with Git/Bamboo/Bitbucket Knowledgeable in Continuous Delivery practices Knowledge of Database SQL (MSSQL and Oracle, etc) Knowledge of Eclipse and/or IntelliJ Cloud experience: AWS, Azure, etc. .Net experience Angular/AngularJS & testing frameworks (Jasmine, Karma & Protractor) HTML markup language, HTML 5 related technologies Core CSS, CSS 3 (layout, box model, text effects, etc…) Core JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap Basic knowledge of UNIX/Linux Bonuses Insurance coverage as of Day One Paid vacation and personal days RRSP matching Personal Spending Account (PSA) A modern Continuous Performance Process approach A dynamic and engaged culture Open-concept workspace with spectacular views of the city! 
ScrapedJobID1234:
Build, validate and maintain web pages, templates and emails from created or supplied PSD or wireframe layouts using clean, lightweight, semantic code that adheres to current Web Standards; Collaborate with design team on UX and UI Implement web design mockups accurately into HTML, CSS & Javascript using frameworks such as Bootstrap. Formatting, testing and posting content generated by others in a timely and efficient manner, following editorial review and approval processes via the companies marketing resource management tool DaVinci Workgroups. Assist in the conception, automation, development, and management of various digital channels, new media projects, and new website development as well as emerging technologies. Ensuring SEO best practices are adhered to when assessing content and content strategies Monitoring and analyzing web and social media channels. Documenting functional and design requirements, as appropriate. Documenting process and standards Provide general support related to digital marketing operations Through metrics and reporting ensuring that iA Wealth's online channels are as efficient and effective as possible. Staying abreast of industry standards for email, web and mobile sites, including emerging technologies, design techniques, accessibility and usability. Formatting, testing and posting content generated by others in a timely and efficient manner, following editorial review and approval processes. Designing digital content for use on internal channels including knowledge bases, extranets and other communications assets (as required) in collaboration with stakeholders and vendors. Sourcing stock video and imagery. Maintaining digital assets and monitoring content schedules for internal channels. Working with the team and external knowledge experts to develop and maintain a marketing digital and social strategy across multiple audiences and platforms. Research and recommend new media and trends as part of an overall strategy. To succeed in this role, the individual collaborates with others and is a self-starter with ability to work under tight deadlines and with minimal supervision. Demonstrated ability to work independently and in a team in a fast-paced, deadline and detailed oriented environment. University/College Degree or Professional Certificate in Digital Media, Graphic Design, Marketing or Communications. Minimum 3 years of experience in Web Design/Front-end Development and current web technologies. Strong interest and hands on experience in the following capacities: Content Management Tools/Systems Front-end development Responsive Design General understanding of best practices in usability and accessibility (WCAG/AODA) General understanding of website metrics SEO/SEM (Search Engine Optimization/Search Engine Marketing) Social Media applications/Platforms and best practices Mobile Website Email design and email marketing best practices Proficient in the technology tools used for the corporate web properties: Sitefinity, Sitecore, Adobe Creative Suite, JavaScript/Jquery, JSON, PHP, XML, HTML/HTML5, CSS, SQL, Axure, Figma and MS Office. Working knowledge of the following: Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Google Data Studio, Search Engine Optimization, Taxonomy, Microsoft Sharepoint, Vimeo Video Platform and SproutSocial. Email Platforms (e.g. Act-On, Campaign Monitor, Hubspot) Knowledge of object-oriented programming (OOP) an asset. Excellent organizational, analytical and problem-solving skills. Proven ability to deliver a project from concept to completion. Good verbal and written communications skills. Experience in financial services industry an asset. Knowledge of French an asset. 
ScrapedJobID1235:
A GUI Designer Facility A Web Portal A Web Forms rendering component Analytics parser component. Develop new features and fix bugs for one or more of the (Product) Suite Java products. Evolve to be the lead Developer for one of the (Product) Suite components Participate in Collaborative Product Design sessions Develop automated unit tests in JUnit. Participate in Code Walkthroughs with other developers Mentor Junior and Intermediate Java Developers 8+ Years Experience with Java development 5+ Years Experience with Web Development including: HTML, javascript, JSTL, etc. 5+ Years Experience with web API calls: SOAP or REST 5+ years Experience with backend database technologies Strong written and verbal communication skills Have a Bachelor of Computer Science or Software Engineering from a reputable University Experience with Swing, or like technologies and libraries Experience with Liferay (or like enterprise portal technologies) Experience with Jersey or Spring 
ScrapedJobID1236:
Create customer facing web applications using modern technologies Maintain code quality by using or implementing development best practices Work with technology and business leadership to define the right technology solutions to solve complex problems Design, develop, test and deploy software applications Collaborate with team members in an agile environment Work with UI and UX teams to design and implement the best customer experiences Work within a mix of JavaScript front end technologies 2+ years of experience building web applications using Angular 7+, React and Bootstrap 4+ years of JavaScript experience building web applications using jQuery, HTML and CSS 4+ years working with browser API’s and optimizing front end application performance Post-secondary degree or diploma in Computer Science or related field Excellent knowledge of UI/UX best practices and client-side templating (mustache, handlebars, jade) and working with Bootstrap Experience using source control such as GitHub and working with data-handling using AJAX, JSON and REST API Github account with a portfolio for demonstration Experience writing unit test and automated testing tools Experience with Smart Phone application development Experience building and deploying solutions to cloud infrastructure Experience working in an agile environment Familiarity with design thinking and customer centric design Strong understanding of .Net framework Ability to think digital first and work in an ambiguous environment You are always up to date on new technologies and how the industry is changing A strong understanding of web application security best practices Curious Approachable Passionate Problem solver Associate discount Health and Dental benefits RRSP/DPSP Performance bonuses Learning & Development programs And more... Hybrid work environment both onsite and offsite 
ScrapedJobID1237:
You want to contribute technologically to the reduction of worldwide carbon emissions You want to help build a distributed power generation network You want to interact with a modern tech stack You want to contribute to the adoption of our end user applications You will have significant responsibility and influence in shaping the applications you build. We are looking for someone to iterate quickly on all stages from development to production, including bringing new products to market. Ability to execute front end and mobile development throughout the entire development process. Driving continuous improvements from leveraging modern tools and frameworks that enables us to release more frequently. Successful candidates will have strong engineering skills and communication, and a belief that data driven processes lead to great products. You will need to have a passion for quality and an ability to understand complex systems. Above all you should be passionate about solving real world problems, and brining value to the applications you create. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field 5 years’ as a front end JavaScript developer 2 years’ experience with Typescript, React.js and frameworks (such as Flux or Redux) Experience with building mobile apps in React Native Experience building scalable infrastructure software or distributed systems for commercial online services Experience with AWS services EC2, ECS, serverless computing, EBS, RDS, S3, IAM Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases Knowledge of CI/CD tools and processes; Git, Jenkins, Maven, CircleCI Comprehensive medical benefits Employer RRSP contribution matching Unlimited vacation (and we genuinely encourage you to use it) Work-from-home flexibility Spacious new office in the heart of downtown Vancouver 
ScrapedJobID1238:
Help estimate effort of engineering tasks Ensure your code is well tested, programmatically and manually Develop any new features Participate in daily/weekly meetings Debug and fix production issues Work closely with other developers Promote best practices for software development and security Mentor and provide code review for other developers Research new technologies and actively contribute to systems design Test changes to our software to ensure a high level of quality Provide technical assistance to our customer success team You will be onboarded with the engineering team and meet your fellow team members and get a sense of how you will fit within the company You will be introduced to our applications and repos You will jump in right away and participate in code reviews You will understand the product roadmap and how your role is a part of this roadmap You are a part of our Pair Program with team members to build your skillset and knowledgebase You are confident and have already shipped your code to Production You have attended support team “ride alongs” You will have a clear understanding of the full breadth of our application and tech stack You are already leading the way with your team on a large project 6+ years of professional experience as a back-end developer Key skills in building high-reliability Python applications Knowledge of cloud platforms, containers and Kubernetes Knowledge of JS and frameworks such as React and Angular Bachelors or advanced degree in IT, computer science, engineering, business, design, human-computer interaction or related field or equivalent work experience Ability to convincingly articulate complex analytical ideas in a simple way to a variety of key stakeholders from different functions Strong leader, educator, and coaching skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Knowledge of Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CD/CI) pipelines Experience working in an agile environment with code review. Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID1239:
Building a platform to analyze and evaluate every part of the self-driving stack, including pipelines and the web frontend to manage benchmarks Developing on-premises cluster projects as well as utilizing public cloud computing infrastructure services Building web-based tools to optimize manual workflows such as test cases design and result analysis Proactively identify problems and make technical suggestions on requirements 4+ years of experience in building highly scalable enterprise web applications Experience in developing secured API and publishing user document Excellent knowledge of different API mechanism such as REST, RPC/gRPC, HTTP, GraphQL Experience in developing extensible APIs and highly maintainable services. Experience in deploying, monitoring and maintaining services and systems. Excellent knowledge of databases like Dynamodb, Mongodb, SQL Fluent in JavaScript & Python Understanding of SOA, SAAS, and REST/OAuth/JSON architectures and services. Familiar with front-end Vue.js framework Familiar with back-end Flask or Django framework Visa sponsorship is available for this position Opportunity for professional growth and career advancement Competitive salary and benefits Up to a 20% discretionary bonus. Shape the landscape of autonomous driving 100% Company paid Medical, Vision, and Dental insurance plan Company paid education/training. Company paid gym membership. 
ScrapedJobID1240:
Developing code and supporting documentation Working in a team environment to develop, unit test and deploy software changes Working with clients to understand and implement new requirements/solve complex technical application challenges Providing input on new designs and architecture as needed Developing a well-tested, high performance, scalable client/server web application Mentoring other developers 5-7 years’ experience Development of Web-based and Client/Server applications in Agile environment Experience developing applications for the cloud is a must Strong experience developing full lifecycle Web applications using ReactJS/PHP Experience in Cloud based development and application modernization including 12 factor development, Docker, Kubernetes, Azure (Blob, App Service, AzureSQL, CosmosDB, Azure Event Hubs, Azure Functions, etc.) and other cloud-based services Experience writing modern APIs leveraging Node.js Experience in event driven microservices architectures is a strong asset Experience in DevOps pipelines, based around Github Actions and Azure DevOps is an asset Experience developing applications for mobile platforms (Android and/or iOS) would be an asset Experience with cloud development user authentication and resource authorization using auth0, Oauth, Okta or Onelogin would be an asset Experience with Azure API Management is an asset Experience with Webpack would be an asset Experience with Acunetix web vulnerability scanning software would be an asset Experience with modern source repositories such as Github, Bitbucket 
ScrapedJobID1241:
Write performant, maintainable code that is easy to read and well-documented Write automated tests to thoroughly validate the correctness of your code Deploy large-scale web applications Focus on quality, and operate iteratively to get from good to better Be a part of your team's on-call rotation; we all own our code end-to-end from development to deployment to operations Come ready to learn from - and with - some of the best and brightest in the industry Work independently and collaboratively in a dynamic and fast-moving team - we ask a lot of questions so come ready to participate! Be effective in a team environment working with fellow engineers, product management, and design Further your professional development in an ambiguous working environment, by understanding complexities and using your judgment to make balanced trade-offs Experience with highly concurrent languages such as GoLang, Java or Scala Experience with deployment systems (e.g. CodeShip, AWS CodeDeploy) Familiarity with AWS Services (e.g. RDS, Kinesis, Lambda, EC2, et cetera) Familiarity with the Linux Operating System and command-line tools Experience with Ruby on Rails or similar web frameworks is beneficial (e.g. Django) Understanding of OO design, algorithms, and data structures Familiarity with implementing e-commerce solutions is beneficial Familiarity with Search Engine Optimization best practices and techniques is beneficial Aptitude to quickly learn new languages and technologies as necessary Resilience and the ability to continuously build solutions in unclear situations Computer Science or related degree Once in a lifetime opportunity to help revolutionize how the world learns! Fun, collaborative, and team-oriented work environment with plenty of training and a feedback rich culture Remote friendly Hackfest! Work-life balance Flexible PTO plus a floating holiday (for your birthday!) 52 hours of Free Learning Sessions per year for you or immediate families members and free access to our Virtual School Day classes and School@Home program Collaborative, and team-oriented work environment Try a free trial of our Live Learning Platform here: https://www.varsitytutors.com/freetrial 
ScrapedJobID1242:
The Application Developer is responsible for supporting, maintaining, and enhancing current and future business applications in a distributed environment, including SQL server, Business Intelligence, and .NET The primary development will be to support reporting solutions (database creation, Windows applications, batch reporting, web applications/services, etc), bringing in files, loading them, calculating metrics, loading into a table and exporting to the reporting side (Think ETL with some advanced business logic) This will be for items like subscription metrics, delivering financial reports to external partners This is not a front-end application The developer will work with the Business Analysts to take requirements, produce some standard technical documents (5%), and provide development insight to BA and Operations teams The role will also provide Level 2 support to your applications Lots of growth opportunities Client is moving to Agile and cloud solutions 5+ years Microsoft programming and analysis experience in distributed environment Proficiency in SQL applications, including Enterprise Manager and SQL Query Analyzer Experience creating database tables; indexes; Transact-SQL; stored procedures; triggers; SSIS/DTS packages; and reporting applications Strong working experience in SQL 2019 environments Strong working experience with ETL processes Strong working knowledge of: C#; C++; ASP Experience with financial, subscription management and business intelligence applications would be considered an asset Knowledge of AWS cloud database technologies including Aurora and Redshift would be considered an asset Able to convey technical knowledge to external vendors/clients would be considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID1243:
Develop frontend software solutions by studying information needs like studying systems flow, data usage and work processes; investigating problem areas; following the software development lifecycle Determine operational feasibility by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development and proposed solutions Document and demonstrate solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code Prepare and install solutions by determining and designing system specifications, standards, and programming Update job knowledge by studying state-of-the-art development tools, programming techniques and computing equipment Participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks Protect operations by keeping information confidential Provide information by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing development and production issues Accomplish engineering and organization mission by completing related results as needed Understand company needs to define enterprise system specifications Collaborating with other GIS software professionals to determine functional and non-functional Bachelor's degree with major course work in computer science or a related field is required. Equivalent work experience in a similar position may be substituted for education requirements At least 5-7 years of experience with software engineering, system administration, programming, and/or a related field Strong proficiency in JavaScript, including DOM manipulation and the JavaScript object model Knowledge of HTML/CSS, JQuery Familiarity with RESTful APIs Prior experience with popular React.js workflows (such as Flux or Redux) Familiarity with code versioning tools, especially Git/Github Familiarity with modern front-end build pipelines and tools Experience with common front-end development tools such as Babel, Webpack, NPM, etc. Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements A knack for benchmarking and optimization A technical mindset with great attention to detail Problem-solving aptitude Développer des solutions logicielles front-end en étudiant les besoins en informations comme l'étude des flux des systèmes, l'utilisation des données et les processus de travail ; enquêter sur les domaines problématiques; suivant le cycle de vie du développement logiciel Déterminer la faisabilité opérationnelle en évaluant l'analyse, la définition du problème, les exigences, le développement de solutions et les solutions proposées Documenter et démontrer des solutions en développant de la documentation, des organigrammes, des mises en page, des diagrammes, des graphiques, des commentaires de code et un code clair Préparer et installer des solutions en déterminant et en concevant les spécifications, les normes et la programmation du système Mettre à jour les connaissances professionnelles en étudiant les outils de développement de pointe, les techniques de programmation et l'équipement informatique Participer à des opportunités éducatives; lire des publications professionnelles; entretien des réseaux personnels Protéger les opérations en gardant les informations confidentielles Fournir des informations en collectant, analysant et résumant les problèmes de développement et de production Accomplir la mission d'ingénierie et d'organisation en complétant les résultats connexes au besoin Comprendre les besoins de l'entreprise pour définir les spécifications du système d'entreprise Collaborer avec d'autres professionnels des logiciels SIG pour déterminer les fonctions fonctionnelles et non fonctionnelles Un baccalauréat avec des cours majeurs en informatique ou dans un domaine connexe est requis. Une expérience de travail équivalente dans un poste similaire peut être substituée aux exigences de formation Au moins 5 à 7 ans d'expérience en génie logiciel, en administration système, en programmation et/ou dans un domaine connexe Solide maîtrise de JavaScript, y compris la manipulation DOM et le modèle d'objet JavaScript Connaissance de HTML/CSS, JQuery Familiarité avec les API RESTful Expérience préalable avec les workflows React.js populaires (tels que Flux ou Redux) Familiarité avec les outils de versioning de code, en particulier Git/Github Familiarité avec les pipelines et les outils de création front-end modernes Expérience avec les outils de développement front-end courants tels que Babel, Webpack, NPM, etc. Capacité à comprendre les exigences commerciales et à les traduire en exigences techniques Un talent pour l'analyse comparative et l'optimisation Un esprit technique avec une grande attention aux détails Aptitude à la résolution de problèmes 
ScrapedJobID1244:
Strong proficiency in Web Platform technologies such HTML, CSS, browser APIs, events, storage options and JavaScript (ECMAScript 2015+) or TypeScript Experience with front-end frameworks such as React, Angular, or Vue Experience managing front-end states (with Redux, Context API or similar) and designing data models that scale with RESTful API or GraphQL in complex, single-page web applications Understand end-to-end front-end development methodologies and tool chains such as NPM, Yarn, Lerna, Webpack, ES Lint, DevTools and Node.js 
ScrapedJobID1245:

ScrapedJobID1246:
API design and development UI design and development Business logic development Thorough application testing Build, distribution, and integration support Java/Kotlin, Swift, Objective-C, C, C++ Current knowledge with either Android or iOS programming (or both!) Experience building and designing highly scalable solutions Experience with open source or research projects Experience with automated unit and integration testing Security algorithms and protocols Startup experience Version control (Git, Gerrit) Development on Mac machines B.Sc. or M.Sc. in computer science or related field Strong (>3 years) experience in mobile development with exposure to both UI and system-level development in a professional team environment And/Or, strong (>5 years) server-side or web development experience, motivated to switch to mobile development Able to architect and develop robust, maintainable systems, not just hack together code for one-off projects Strong desire to learn and work with new mobile technologies and architectures Passionate about your work and creating quality solutions Agile development experience Strong team player All applicants must be legal to work in Canada Unlimietd Vacation Time !! Stock Options 
ScrapedJobID1247:
Work on development projects targeted to increase market share, support existing clients to help make them successful and continuously refine the existing platform to meet modern design methodologies. Work with talented, knowledge-driven individuals. We are a close-knit team that is eager for new ideas. We embrace sharing our own knowledge and enriching each other’s experiences. Focus on client success through creative problem-solving. Utilize and adopt open source technology where appropriate. 4-7 years of relevant experience Hands-on experience in React and Redux JavaScript frameworks Software Development skills using C# or Java along with JavaScript Familiar with REST APIs and single-page web application development Strong communication skills. Willingness to convey ideas in a collaborative environment Solid understanding of Software Design fundamentals Bonus pay Monday to Friday Java/C#: 4 years (preferred) React: 2 years (preferred) Redux: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1248:
B.S. degree or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or similar field 6+ years of test automation experience in both back-end/API and front-end/UI environments Strong coding ability within a test automation capacity, ideally using Java Experience with NoSQL/big data tools such as Cassandra, Solr, MongoDB, Hadoop, Kafka, Elasticsearch, etc. Experience with both private and public cloud, SaaS-based solutions, and multi-threaded programming, web service API development, etc. Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1249:
Post-secondary degree in Computer Science (or related) and 5+ years OSS/BSS development experience Experience and strong knowledge of Pro*C Experience and strong knowledge of PL/SQL Experience and strong knowledge of Oracle Forms Experience and strong knowledge of Unix/Linux Unit Testing experience Strong oral and written communication skills Ability to apply creative thinking to technology issues Team player with great communication and interpersonal skills Intellectually curious with innovative and creative problem-solving skills Well organized and able to work under deadlines and multiple projects Highly motivated self-starter with demonstrated initiative and the ability to work well with minimal supervision Able to work effectively and productively with other developers, system integrators and teams across Ligado Someone who understands the importance of documentation and process Experience evaluating COTS solutions Experience developing web applications using HTML & JavaScript Virtualization (Cloud, VMware, AWS) Experience with the any of the following Applications: ServiceNow, SharePoint & Smartsheet 
ScrapedJobID1250:
Develop customer solutions through collaboration with our product, data science, and customer experience experts. Have the opportunity to own and drive solutions to customer problems. Write secure code for APIs, frontend, backend, web, mobile, partner integration. Solve problems and integrate with partner development teams. Deliver using agile, test-driven design methodology. Learn and adapt technologies to real problems. 5+ years of experience in full-stack development. Ruby on Rails or other web application frameworks. Angular, Node.js, JavaScript, and front-end development frameworks Relational databases such as PostgreSQL, MySQL Experience with event-based systems (e.g RabbitMq, Kafka, etc.) Experience building cutting edge customer products Proficiency with Linux/UNIX command-line Love to own problems and drive solutions Leading or mentoring development team members Integrating 3rd party systems/services Git or other version control systems Python Building a RESTful API Heroku, AWS Security & Cryptography Building payment, billing or other finance solutions * We believe in innovation and vibrant culture* - work for an innovative, people-first, financial services firm that values entrepreneurialism We care about your rewards - Competitive compensation including equity programs We care about your health - comprehensive group health and dental benefits and life insurance, including a Lifestyle Spending Account for all your wellness needs We care about your rest - a flexible paid-time-off policy with unlimited vacation days, flexible sick and mental health days We care about your family - Paid parental leave for eligible employees with top-up We care about your future - Group RRSP matching and TFSA program in Purpose funds We care about your development - subsidies are available for courses and tuition 
ScrapedJobID1251:
You want to work on a highly performing and complex product, with many real-world challenges You want to work in a place where we highly value our employees You like to integrate the latest methodologies and practices and be ever evolving You like to have an enormous impact on the core product of the company Define needs around maintainability, testability, performance, security, quality, and usability for UI platform Enable agile development of UI artifacts Design, develop, and manage automated unit, integration, and acceptance tests for all UI components Communication of new technologies, best practices, etc. to developers, testers, and managers Influence UI design requirements to build best-in-class experiences Mentor and peer review of designs and coded implementations Ensure the performance quality and responsiveness of applications Investigate issues reported by testing teams to determine impact, root cause, and solve them Identify and correct bottlenecks and fix bugs to optimize performance Work in a fast-paced environment that fosters growth and learning Verbal and written communication is clear and concise Clearly articulate development and timeline dependencies Improve team development related processes that accelerate delivery, drive innovation, lower costs, and improve quality 5+ years’ experience in front end software development utilizing Angular Strong knowledge of Angular 11 Deep understanding of UI technologies and techniques Experience with Angular material Experience with Angular-cli and its configuration Knowledge of front-end patterns (container/presenter, etc.) Experience in testing 
ScrapedJobID1252:
BS/MS in computer science or equivalent work experience. 6+ years’ experience developing web, software, or mobile applications. DevOps experience with AWS infrastructure. Experience in designing and developing front-end web applications using React/Redux or Angular framework. Experience designing and implementing scalable web services with REST or SOAP APIs, preferably using frameworks such as Spring, Express.js, or FastAPI. Experience in test driven development with familiarity with modern testing frameworks and tools such as Jest, JUnit, and Karate, etc. Solid understanding of design patterns and their application in writing highly scalable code. Strong desire for learning and growth with collaborative can-do attitude Ability to take initiative with a strong sense of ownership. Excellent problem-solving skills with the ability of breaking down complex problems into simple executable tasks. Excellent communication and presentation skills. Passion for growing and applying technical skills in service to customers Experience with Agile Development, SCRUM, and/or Extreme Programming methodologies Solid understanding of AI / Machine learning techniques to enhance content localization is a plus. Contribute to the design and architecture of the project with internal and external stakeholders and vendors. Gathering functional requirements, developing technical specifications, and project & test planning Act in a technical leadership capacity: Mentoring junior engineers, new team members, and applying technical expertise to challenging programming and design problems Roughly 70-85% hands-on coding Resolve defects/bugs during QA testing, pre-production, production, and post-release patches Work cross-functionally with various Intuit teams: product management, various product lines, or business units to drive forward results Experience with Agile Development, SCRUM, or Extreme Programming methodologies 
ScrapedJobID1253:

ScrapedJobID1254:
Yes 
ScrapedJobID1255:
Utiliser les pratiques d’ingénierie Agile et divers logiciels et technologies de développement Web pour développer rapidement des solutions créatives et efficaces qui améliorent l’expérience des clients et des employés. Collaborer avec les autres membres de l’équipe pour créer des scénarios d’utilisateurs et des tests de conception clairs pour les prototypes et les produits, et afin d’offrir continuellement des améliorations de produits. Communiquer avec les équipes de TI au sujet des innovations numériques associées au fondement des systèmes de TI. Communiquer avec les partenaires commerciaux à propos des processus Agile pour établir et gérer les attentes relatives aux méthodes de livraison et aux échéanciers. Être un agent de changement et un promoteur de la mentalité agile Contribuer au milieu de travail collaboratif et stimulant Se garder à l’affût des nouvelles tendances et apporter des idées d’innovation Diplôme universitaire en informatique ou en génie logiciel Minimum 5 ans d’expérience en programmation en C # et .NET (4.7+ ou Core) Expérience et connaissance pratique de HTML / CSS et connaissance de Angular (versions 2 à 7), NGXS, Progressive Web App Connaissance pratique du développement sous Azure Solide connaissance des Microservices et expérience de leur développement Expérience d'utilisation de VSTS (Azure DevOps) est un atout Expérience des tests unitaires et des tests fonctionnels automatisés Passion pour le développement et une aptitude pour l'apprentissage continu Connaissance de l'intégration continue, de la livraison continue et du développement piloté par les tests Capacité démontrée à travailler et à prendre des décisions sans supervision Capacité à s'adapter rapidement aux évolutions technologiques et à évoluer dans un environnement de R & D Compétence en matière de planification et d’organisation, axée sur les résultats attitude de développement logiciel Use Agile engineering practices and various software and web development technologies to rapidly develop creative and efficient solutions that enhance the client customer and employee experience. Collaborate with other team members to craft clear user stories, design tests for prototypes and products, and continuously deliver product enhancements. Communicate with IT teams about any Digital innovations that are tying into bedrock IT systems. Communicate with business stakeholders about Agile processes to set and manage expectations about delivery methods and timelines. Be a change agent & Agile mindset promoter Contribute to the collaborative and stimulating work environment Be connected to the industry to know tendencies and suggest innovative ideas University degree in Software science or Software engineering Minimum 5 years’ experience programming in C# and .NET (4.7+ or Core) Experience and working knowledge of HTML/ CSS, and knowledge of Angular (versions 2-7), NGXS, Progressive Web App Working knowledge of development using Azure Strong knowledge of Microservices and experience developing them Experience using VSTS (Azure DevOps) is a plus Experience with unit testing and automated functional testing Passion for development and a demonstrated interest for continual learning Knowledge of continuous integration, continuous delivery and test-driven development Demonstrated ability to work and make decisions unsupervised Ability to adapt quickly to changes in technology and to operate in an R&D environment Result-oriented, strong planning and organizational skill Rigorous and creative software development attitude 
ScrapedJobID1256:
Strong proficiency in Web Platform technologies such HTML, CSS, browser APIs, events, storage options and JavaScript (ECMAScript 2015+) or TypeScript Experience with front-end frameworks such as React, Angular, or Vue Experience managing front-end states (with Redux, Context API or similar) and designing data models that scale with RESTful API or GraphQL in complex, single-page web applications Understand end-to-end front-end development methodologies and tool chains such as NPM, Yarn, Lerna, Webpack, ES Lint, DevTools and Node.js 
ScrapedJobID1257:
PHP devs - 6-9 years exp. Experience with SQL 2016 Experience integrating legacy code Experience with JIRA and Agile High preference for self-starting Capable of investigating and troubleshooting solutions Highly capable of estimating or articulating criteria for accurate estimations High level of accountability and communication 
ScrapedJobID1258:
Des professionnels hautement motivés ayant un large éventail d'expertises et l’attitude centrée-client de consultation / génie conseil. Des professionnels/les ayant la capacité de s'adapter autant à des tâches exécutées à l'interne qu'à des projets réalisés directement chez nos clients. Des individus curieux avec un esprit ouvert et une mentalité startup de créativité et d’exploration novatrice. Highly motivated professionals with expert backgrounds and a service mindset to be a consultant Professionals with ability to work both with in-house projects and on-site assignments at our customer’s locations Inquisitive, open-minded individuals with a startup mentality of outside-the-box exploration and creativity. Effectuer des activités d’analyse de requis, architecture, maquettes, prototypes, conception détaillée, implémentation, vérification et tests des interfaces usager de systèmes embarqués et infonuagiques complexes. Travailler étroitement avec nos équipes de conception de logiciel (incluant logiciel embarqué) pour produire de designs de haute qualité. Perform requirements analysis, architecture, mockups, prototypes, detailed design, implementation, verification and test tasks on user interfaces of complex embedded and cloud-based systems. Work closely with our Software and Embedded FW groups to produce high quality designs. Baccalauréat en génie logiciel, informatique ou l’équivalent. Minimum de 5 ans d’expérience dedéveloppement React, JavaScript, Typescript, CSS Expérience avec Nginx, de préférence sur des projets embarqués. Expérience de la conception de services d’API REST Expérience avec Swagger, OpenAPI fortement souhaitée Expérience éprouvée dans le travail avec la méthodologie Agile Expérience avec les pipelines CI/CD Connaissances avancées d’OOP De l’expérience avec le développement piloté par les tests est un plus Une expérience de niveau expert avec d’autres technologies Web modernes dans un ou plusieurs frameworks tels que Angular, Node.js, ASP.NET, ASP.NET Core, Java EE, Python est un plus De l’expérience avec d’autres moteurs est un plus (Apache, etc.) Plus de 4 ans d’expérience pratique avec les bases de données relationnelles et / ou NoSQL, y compris, mais sans s’y limiter, MySQL, MariaDB, MS SQL Server, Oracle, DB2, MongoDB, Cassandra, Redis, etc. sont un plus Portefeuille requis avant une éventuelle entrevue Bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent. Minimum of 5 years of React, JavaScript, Typescript, CSS development experience Experience with Nginx, preferably on embedded projects. Experience with designing REST API services Experience with Swagger, OpenAPI is strongly desired Proven track record working with Agile Methodology Experience with CI/CD pipelines Advanced knowledge of OOP Experience with Test Driven Development is a plus Expert level experience with other modern Web technologies in one or multiple frameworks such as Angular, Node.js, ASP.NET, ASP.NET Core, Java EE, Python are a plus Experience with other engines is a plus (Apache, etc.) 4+ years of hands-on experience with relational and/or NoSQL databases including but not limited to MySQL, MariaDB, MS SQL Server, Oracle, DB2, MongoDB, Cassandra, Redis, etc. are a plus Portfolio required before possible interview Nous pouvons clairement voir votre dévouement et votre passion pour les flux de travail modernes et fluides et les performances d’interfaces pour systèmes embarqués et infonuagiques. Vous avez un œil pour les implémentations parfaites au pixel près des concepts UX et des flux utilisateurs à supporter. Excellente contribution au travail d’équipe Sens élevé de l’organisation, de l’auto-suffisance, avec une mentalité d’équipe Excellentes aptitudes de communication orale et écrite, dont la capacité à produire de la documentation claire pour les collègues et les clients. Excellents talents analytiques et aptitudes de solution de problèmes De l’entregent, une prédisposition et un désir à la collaboration amicale et respectueuse avec autrui We can clearly see your dedication and passion for smooth modern workflows & performances for both embedded and cloud-based enterprise level designs. A great eye for pixel perfect implementations of provided UX designs and user flows Great team player Organized, goal-oriented, self-starter, with a team focused mentality Excellent communication skills Outstanding analytical skills and problem-solving ability Excellent written and oral communication skills with the ability to produce clear documentation for both colleagues and customer A friendly willingness to collaborate and play nice with others Culture Corporative – des gens exceptionnels et un environnement flexible avec beaucoup d’activités sociales! En fait, nous avons même gagné un prix à ce sujet ! Conciliation travail/famille – 4 semaines de vacances dès l’embauche et le boulot ne vous suis pas à la maison ! Opportunités de développement professionnel – Travailler au sein d’une société de conception est l’antidote parfait contre le travail répétitif à la chaîne ! Nous avons continuellement une variété de nouveaux projets représentant une grande diversité d’opportunités de croissance. De super avantages sociaux – et ils débutent la même journée que vous… et ils s’étendent à votre famille… et la compagnie contribue à votre REER en même temps que vous ! Company Culture – outstanding people and a flexible work environment with lots of after work activities/groups! It’s so great, we even won an award for it! Work/Life Balance – 4 weeks holidays to start and work that stays at work! Career Growth Opportunities – being a design house keeps variety in your work. New opportunities happening all the time! Great Benefits – and, they start the same day you do… and, they include your family… and, the company matches your RRSP contributions! 
ScrapedJobID1259:
Development of the website, which may include creating and testing templates for a Content Management System, coding backend tools and utilities Contribute creative, effective ways to display web content in accordance with marketing communication strategies Contribute web expertise to current enterprise-wide CRM/Sales project, including shopping cart functionality and integration capabilities with other key areas, such as finance Identify opportunities for continuous improvement and growth of websites, such as the creation of new pages, changes to the content of existing pages, and link building from relevant websites and partners Stay up-to-date on the latest trends in web design and development to provide recommendations regarding how they can be implemented to Pink Elephant’s website for continuously improving online presence Follow secure code best practices and assist with vulnerability assessments and risk analysis Audit website for weaknesses in all areas such as design, navigation, mobile-friendliness, broken links and other technical errors; make recommendations for change based on best practices Performs requirements and systems analysis for new and existing websites and web applications Developing full-stack business application code that is easily maintainable, highly reliable, and demonstrates knowledge of programming best practices Programs, tests, and implements new and existing websites and web applications Performs post-implementation analysis and documentation for new and existing websites and web applications Integrates web applications with various external APIs and web services and internal business applications Follows secure code best practices including vulnerability assessments and risk analysis Develops reports, SQL queries to extract database information Contributes to the design of new and existing websites and web applications Actively contributes to major projects with changing priorities and schedules, completing assigned tasks in a timely manner Coordinate internal resources and third parties/vendors allocated to projects Ensure project outcomes are aligned with defined requirements Maintain project plans and track progress Perform risk management to minimize project risks Create and maintain project documentation Report and escalate to management as needed Responds to customer inquiries in a timely manner, take all appropriate steps to resolve issues as quickly as possible Keeps customer perspective in mind when developing new functionalities Explains technical matters and programming issues in a manner that can be understood by non-technical people Post-secondary degree/diploma in computer science, computer engineering, systems analysis, computer programming or a related field 7+ years of related experience in advanced roles developing and supporting websites, web applications including shopping carts, customer databases, learning management systems, financial systems Experience working in a team environment Experience working with Microsoft and UNIX VM environments Thorough understanding of the .NET framework Demonstrated abilities with the following web applications: HTML, JavaScript, CSS Programming knowledge and experience with: PHP, ASP, SQL, .NET, C# Microsoft .NET (2.0/3.5), AJAX, ASP.NET, MVC is an asset Experience transforming UX designs and specifications to implementation Relational database management experience is required (SQL Server, MySQL database) Understanding and experience with the configuration of content management systems (CMS) and document management systems is a must) Excellent organization and time management skills to multi-task and prioritize effectively Strong written and oral communication skills Initiative/innovation focus on proactively identifying and addressing issues and seeks opportunities for continuous improvement Solid understanding of business objectives and processes and how technology can be leveraged to deliver business results; Strong results orientation; driven to deliver a high quality work product in a timely manner Teamwork and collaboration; able to work both independently and as part of a team, keeping key stakeholders informed Adaptable to changing and sometimes conflicting priorities, identifying and prioritizing critical organizational and project tasks Self-starter, collaborative, enthusiastic, able to work with minimal supervision Ability to develop and maintain strong relationships with multiple stakeholders Ability to work in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment Understand and comfortable in performing at all levels from administrative to complex tasks 
ScrapedJobID1260:
5+ years of commercial software development experience Experience in modern full-stack web development and proficient in JavaScript frameworks like Vue or React frameworks Experience in software development with Go Experience developing and using RESTful services or Web APIs Creative and detail-oriented personality with excellent communication skills Willingness to be a subject matter expert, to learn new things, and work in a team Education: Degree in Computer Science or similar Responsive user interface design and cross-browser compatibility skills Knowledge of design concepts and principles Experience with open source development Experience with Docker and Kubernetes Experience with distributed systems and routing/messaging Understanding of reliable distributed system principles Understanding of Web security principles 
ScrapedJobID1261:
3+ years working with React. 3+ years working with NodeJS. 5+ years in javascript/typescript development. Good experience with unit testing frameworks in React and NodeJS. Experience working on high traffic websites. Experience with collaboration tools such as JIRA and Confluence. Some knowledge of RESTful API principles. Experience with NestJs. Experience with Google Cloud Platform. Self-motivated with strong team spirit. Strong work ethic. Ability to work independently with little supervision as well as ability to coordinate and collaborate within a team. Excellent multi-tasking skills. Ability to communicate well to both technical and non-technical staff. Excellent knowledge of pure JavaScript. Excellent knowledge of REST principles and API architecture. Extensive experience with HTML 5, CSS 3 and responsive web development. Knowledge and practical experience with agile methodologies, particularly SCRUM. Good cross-browser and cross-device development experience. Good awareness of best practice user interface design principles. Excellent communication skills - verbal and written. Building JavaScript SPAs using React. Building supporting NodeJS+NestJs backends with integration with other external APIs and Google Cloud Platform. Hands on responsive web development using HTML5 and CSS. Designing and implementing unit tests to validate the functionality is implemented correctly. Managing and improving current sites in line with changing business requirements. Assist in defining software architecture and user interface design approaches. Implementing accurate and reliable code in time according to specification to deliver needed functionality. Remain current to Web sites and mobile trends in design and technology. Someone with passion for creating efficient and effective UIs for an enterprise-level SaaS platform and has a high standard of quality in that regard. Working in a fast-paced organization using Agile/Scrum methodology to deliver excellent solutions for our demanding customer service and operations requirements. 
ScrapedJobID1262:

ScrapedJobID1263:
Maintain a significant knowledge, competence, and capability in web development, and you work efficiently with your fellow developers, QA, and product owners. Build general, tested code, and refactor as you go. You can plan quickly and test quickly - you know the plan will change. Own the components that you are building from initial design and architecture all the way to end where it will be put into production adding value to our customers Communicate and work efficiently with technical leads, software architects, cloud operations, and product owners to set expectations and identify risks and opportunities for the business Contribute as a member of a multi-disciplinary self-organizing Scrum team, including helping estimate work, performing code reviews, testing, problem-solving, and retrospecting to continually improve our effectiveness Minimum 5+ years of cloud development experience in a Backend or Full Stack role Experience with Python, RESTful APIs, Terraform, Azure and Kubernetes is considered a strong asset Experience with deploying and maintaining cloud-based systems, ideally including Microsoft Azure Experience with HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript; with a focus on React and Redux is considered an asset Experience interacting with a multidisciplinary team Confident oral and written communication skills in English Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to develop and build sustainable working relationships Team-oriented attitude and good conflict management skills Ability to manage your own workload effectively and to work efficiently alongside team members Balanced and informed approach to problem solving Tenacity, persistence and focus with the ability to prioritize between multiple tasks Ability to work in a quickly growing, fast paced, and constantly changing environment 
ScrapedJobID1264:
Flexible work schedule. Never have the feeling of being late again! Unlimited paid time off. Want a few extra vacation days for your overseas trip? No problem. Need to extend your weekend staycation? Just let us know! Birthday and work anniversary celebrations. We love to celebrate you! We'll gift you gift cards or dinner for these special occasions. We promise not to make you awkwardly stand there while we sing ?happy birthday? to you. Remote work options are available. Work where you work best (though this may vary on the type of role and responsibilities). Many of our team members are working from home 80-90% of the year (permanent work-from-home opportunities available). Drop-And-Go Offices are available. Prefer a change of scenery or tired of hearing your roommates daily 9 am Zoom calls? We have frequently sanitized, recently renovated, and pet-friendly offices in the GTA! Casual dress code in effect and come and go as you please! Free healthy snacks. Just let us know what snacks or coffee/tea keep you fueled, and we'll stock them for the kitchen. Office gym. Eat too many of those snacks? Our employee-only office gym at our head office in Mississauga is available for you 24/7. It's no Globo gym but it'll do! Paid time off to volunteer. Are you involved in a local non-profit or do you enjoy pro-bono consulting? Outgivers get paid time off to give back to the community. Recognition programs. Convert your daily or weekly peer-to-peer brownie points for gift cards, trips, food, and more! Lead team meetings, check in with your team of Junior to Intermediate Web Developers and support them as required. Work on actual development and coding of projects. Present updates to stakeholders and executives, make recommendations, and work in cross-functional teams. Implement architecture and strategy. Facilitate conversations that search for the best possible web development solutions and how to implement them with your team. Use your knowledge and skills in Node.js, Postgres, DevOps, AWS, and azure. You love being a Developer and mentor to Junior Devs. You have team leadership experience or a passion for leadership and a willingness to take on the managerial aspect of the role. You have strong listening and presentation skills and can lead stakeholder meetings to discuss progress, updates, and strategic brainstorming. You thrive under pressure and tight timelines, with an ability to shift priorities based on client or operational needs. You have experience working on "production-grade applications", so should have proven experience creating something that has already been deployed and has users. You should be proficient in Node.js, Postgres, DevOps, AWS, and azure. Exhibit our 4 core values. Our 4Gs - grit, growth, gratitude, and greatness - are what drive us all to keep growing and learning as Outgivers. Project management and/or eCommerce experience. A desire to work in an exciting, fast-paced, global company with remote team members around the world. 
ScrapedJobID1265:
Provide expertise with application and database integration technologies, including solution and service-oriented architectures Follow Agile/Scrum Methodology: daily scrums, grooming, planning, retrospectives and project meetings as required Liaise with Product Management, DevOps and other project teams as required Work with the Product Management team to help in the gathering and documentation of requirements Working with an architecture team to create detailed Functional and Technical Specification designs Engage end-users and stakeholders during implementation Ability to quickly ramp up and apply new technologies and processes Enjoy working in a highly collaborative & dynamic team environment Strong debugging skills, to find the root cause of issues and resolve them 3-5 years of software development experience University degree in Computer Science, Programming, or equivalent education Self-learner and someone who is not afraid to embrace latest technologies Experience working in a diverse and multi-location company Proven ability to design software applications following object-oriented methodologies Demonstrated experience implementing solutions that are scalable and highly available based on industry best practices Software development experience in Java/J2EE and Spring eco-system (Core, MVC, Batch, Boot, etc…) Micro-services experience in implementation and API design Knowledgeable with data access technologies (Hibernate, OData, etc.) Experience with REST, especially with Java API for Restful Web Services, JSON data structures Experience with Git/Bamboo/Bitbucket Knowledgeable in Continuous Delivery practices Knowledge of Database SQL (MSSQL and Oracle, etc) Knowledge of Eclipse and/or IntelliJ Cloud experience: AWS, Azure, etc. .Net experience Angular/AngularJS & testing frameworks (Jasmine, Karma & Protractor) HTML markup language, HTML 5 related technologies Core CSS, CSS 3 (layout, box model, text effects, etc…) Core JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap Basic knowledge of UNIX/Linux Bonuses Insurance coverage as of Day One Paid vacation and personal days RRSP matching Personal Spending Account (PSA) A modern Continuous Performance Process approach A dynamic and engaged culture Open-concept workspace with spectacular views of the city! 
ScrapedJobID1266:

ScrapedJobID1267:
Write performant, maintainable code that is easy to read and well-documented Write automated tests to thoroughly validate the correctness of your code Deploy large-scale web applications Focus on quality, and operate iteratively to get from good to better Be a part of your team's on-call rotation; we all own our code end-to-end from development to deployment to operations Come ready to learn from - and with - some of the best and brightest in the industry Work independently and collaboratively in a dynamic and fast-moving team - we ask a lot of questions so come ready to participate! Be effective in a team environment working with fellow engineers, product management, and design Further your professional development in an ambiguous working environment, by understanding complexities and using your judgment to make balanced trade-offs Experience with highly concurrent languages such as GoLang, Java or Scala Experience with deployment systems (e.g. CodeShip, AWS CodeDeploy) Familiarity with AWS Services (e.g. RDS, Kinesis, Lambda, EC2, et cetera) Familiarity with the Linux Operating System and command-line tools Experience with Ruby on Rails or similar web frameworks is beneficial (e.g. Django) Understanding of OO design, algorithms, and data structures Familiarity with implementing e-commerce solutions is beneficial Familiarity with Search Engine Optimization best practices and techniques is beneficial Aptitude to quickly learn new languages and technologies as necessary Resilience and the ability to continuously build solutions in unclear situations Computer Science or related degree Once in a lifetime opportunity to help revolutionize how the world learns! Fun, collaborative, and team-oriented work environment with plenty of training and a feedback rich culture Remote friendly Hackfest! Work-life balance Flexible PTO plus a floating holiday (for your birthday!) 52 hours of Free Learning Sessions per year for you or immediate families members and free access to our Virtual School Day classes and School@Home program Collaborative, and team-oriented work environment Try a free trial of our Live Learning Platform here: https://www.varsitytutors.com/freetrial 
ScrapedJobID1268:

ScrapedJobID1269:
Provide technical direction involves establishing a technical vision, resolving technical disagreements and managing the technical quality of project Design, develop, review code, implement, and maintain large scale applications Deliver scalable, reusable, testable and clean code with proper commenting and version control Involve in recruiting talent and carry out onboarding process for new team members enough experience to lead a small team of 5-6 people. be able to do both frontend and backend for web & cloud applications. Bit more frontend focused. knowledge of UI design and understanding of UX & workflow. 5+ years of production level experience with our main tech stack: JavaScript ES6+, React, Angular, Node.js, PHP, Python . experience with Google Cloud Platform or other major cloud services (e.g. AWS, Azure) . strong experience with virtualization and containerization (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes), Jenkins/Bamboo build jobs, CI/CD pipelines Provide technical direction involves establishing a technical vision, resolving technical disagreements and managing the technical quality of project Design, develop, review code, implement, and maintain large scale applications Deliver scalable, reusable, testable and clean code with proper commenting and version control Involve in recruiting talent and carry out onboarding process for new team members enough experience to lead a small team of 5-6 people. be able to do both frontend and backend for web & cloud applications. Bit more frontend focused. knowledge of UI design and understanding of UX & workflow. 5+ years of production level experience with our main tech stack: JavaScript ES6+, React, Angular, Node.js, PHP, Python . experience with Google Cloud Platform or other major cloud services (e.g. AWS, Azure) . strong experience with virtualization and containerization (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes), Jenkins/Bamboo build jobs, CI/CD pipelines 
ScrapedJobID1270:
Design and implement great features and high-quality code Contribute to the design, implementation, and scaling of our cloud-based machine Basic knowledge and strong interest in Machine learning, Deep learning, and data Collaborate with a team of developers, researcher, and data scientists to implement Work closely with the engineering, assurance quality and product teams Bachelor or master’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or similar Minimum of 5 years of relevant experience designing and developing scalable Experience of building scalable backend systems using micro-services/cloud Experience designing and building REST APIs that supports many clients Proficiency in a Linux environment Knowledge and experience with Python and the Scientific Python stack (numpy, scipy, SQL and NoSQL databases experience Familiar with Web API documentation and modeling tools such as Swagger/OpenAPI Familiar with cloud technologies and platforms such as: Docker, Kafka, Spark, MQTT, Fluent in English since you will participate in our agile software process (scrum, sprint Familiarity with agile development and tools such as JIRA Experience with IoT services Familiar with startup environments The opportunity to join an innovative team focused on one objective: to become the A user-oriented team that lets you learn, innovate and share The chance to make a difference within a fast-paced organization Being an active participant in the growth of a Montreal-based AI start-up An employee stock option plan. Concevoir et mettre en œuvre d'excellentes fonctionnalités et un code de haute qualité Contribuer à la conception, à la mise en œuvre et à la mise à l'échelle de notre machine basée sur le cloud Connaissances de base et intérêt marqué pour l'apprentissage automatique, l'apprentissage en profondeur et les données Collaborer avec une équipe de développeurs, de chercheurs et de scientifiques des données pour mettre en œuvre Travailler en étroite collaboration avec les équipes d'ingénierie, d'assurance qualité et de produit Baccalauréat ou maîtrise en informatique, génie logiciel ou similaire Minimum de 5 ans d'expérience pertinente dans la conception et le développement évolutif Expérience de la création de systèmes backend évolutifs à l'aide de micro-services/cloud Expérience de la conception et de la création d'API REST prenant en charge de nombreux clients Maîtrise d'un environnement Linux Connaissance et expérience avec Python et la pile scientifique Python (numpy, scipy, Expérience des bases de données SQL et NoSQL Familiarité avec la documentation de l'API Web et les outils de modélisation tels que Swagger/OpenAPI Familiarité avec les technologies et plateformes cloud telles que : Docker, Kafka, Spark, MQTT, Anglais courant puisque vous participerez à notre processus logiciel agile (scrum, sprint Familiarité avec le développement agile et les outils tels que JIRA Expérience avec les services IoT Familier avec les environnements de démarrage L'opportunité de rejoindre une équipe innovante centrée sur un objectif : devenir le Une équipe orientée utilisateur qui vous permet d'apprendre, d'innover et de partager La chance de faire la différence au sein d'une organisation en évolution rapide Être un participant actif dans la croissance d'une start-up d'IA basée à Montréal Un plan d'options sur actions pour les employés. 
ScrapedJobID1271:
Responsible for guiding and creating remarkable and progressive digital experiences for a variety of audiences to support our business in Canada, with an emphasis on responsive and mobile designs Work closely with stakeholders to define the user experience for secure digital properties, ensuring they closely align with the client's key success factors Work collaboratively with fellow members of the team to conceptualize design and prototype ideas for implementation on the web and mobile Apply user-centred design principles to influence project strategy and direction Advocate for data-driven design solutions for web and mobile Define user personas, and map user journeys Create distinctive, branded digital experiences that are desirable and consistent across multiple platforms, devices and channels Develop user scenarios, personas, user flows, design concepts, low and high-fidelity wireframes, and prototypes, UI standards documents, and other design documents as needed Design and deliver elegant and delightful visual elements of a coherent product experience Conduct concept and usability testing to iteratively validate and improve design solutions Explore solution space and refine concepts via wireframes and detailed high-fidelity design Define the visual style and position relative to design guidelines Build prototypes and test them with users to validate customer needs and understand requirements and behaviours Collaborate with other designers to maintain a level of design consistency and coherence across products and services Clearly articulate proposed design and key decisions with stakeholders Actively collaborate as part of the team to ensure designs are feasible and implemented accurately Ensure standards and best practices are appropriately communicated and documented Manage user experience deliverables produced by internal and 3rd party resources as required to ensure expectations are successfully met Produce annotated wireframes, design specs and other documentation as needed within all project timelines Ensure the workflow reflects the users’ needs and maintain consistency among features Determine the need for user research and user testing. Interpret and review research findings for presentations to project teams 3-5 years of experience in user-centered digital design and user experience Solid UX Practice/Process University degree or certification in User Experience, or equivalent work experience Solid portfolio demonstrating impactful customer experiences, including experience developing digital products from initial concept through to implementation Design experience ranging across web and mobile (mobile web and native applications) Strong knowledge and experience designing wireframes and interactive prototypes using industry software (e.g., Sketch and inVision) Familiar working with design systems that consistently scale across platforms Well-versed in current accessibility standards Strong visual design skills, able to create compelling, branded, high-fidelity product screens Strong verbal and writing communication skills with ability to articulate the value of a design choice to users and non-designer stakeholders. Excellent presentation skills Experience working with clients and various departments within a team environment Knowledge of current web standards and the latest trends Ability to successfully manage and deliver on multiple projects with competing deadlines and priorities Creative problem solving and analytical thinking Able to produce high-quality creative solutions in a fast-paced environment Synthesizes abstract ideas into tangible solutions for design Passionate about problem solving through design Sees value in taking an iterative design approach Strong sense of ownership and proactively advocates for the end user Open to taking on new challenges and learning new skills Collaborative, curious, empathetic, open-minded, innovative Understanding of front-end web development an asset (HTML, CSS, JS, etc.) Experience working in agile methodology is a plus 
ScrapedJobID1272:
Participates in daily stand-up, sprint planning, sprint review and retrospective Participates in discussions of business requirements and solution design Reviews existing codes to gain thorough understanding of application logic and business rules Implements major enhancements to existing mission-critical FoxPro desktop application and web application for Mortgage sector Implements code changes to other sectors’ FoxPro applications based on business needs such as change requests, enhancement and performance improvement Performs thorough web security, system integration, regression, functional and performance tests, keep track defects and fix them promptly Creates ETL jobs to transfer FoxPro data to SQL database for reporting purposes Provides application support and user support after production implementation At least 5-years strong experience in developing and maintaining FoxPro Desktop & Web applications (database design and optimization, development, forms, reports, integration). Has good experience writing secure codes, using security scanner to identify security vulnerabilities and fixing vulnerabilities Experience working in SCRUM or iterative development environment Has extensive experience in providing user support and production support Strong problem-solving, troubleshooting and resolution skills are mandatory Good communication skills and interpersonal skills are mandatory Must be able to take ownership and take initiative, work well both independently and as part of team. Must have strong learning capability to quickly pick up business domain knowledge and additional technique skills and willingness to share knowledge with team members. Experience and knowledge of OO design and programming is an asset Working experience in financial industry or regulatory bodies (especially Insurance) and government agency is valuable. 
ScrapedJobID1273:
Maintain a significant knowledge, competence, and capability in web development, and you work efficiently with your fellow developers, QA, and product owners. Build general, tested code, and refactor as you go. You can plan quickly and test quickly - you know the plan will change. Own the components that you are building from initial design and architecture all the way to end where it will be put into production adding value to our customers Communicate and work efficiently with technical leads, software architects, cloud operations, and product owners to set expectations and identify risks and opportunities for the business Contribute as a member of a multi-disciplinary self-organizing Scrum team, including helping estimate work, performing code reviews, testing, problem-solving, and retrospecting to continually improve our effectiveness Minimum 5+ years demonstrated web development experience working in a Frontend, Backend, or Full Stack role Experience with HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript; with a focus on React and Redux is considered an asset Experience with Python, RESTful API design, Azure, Docker, and Kubernetes is considered an asset Experience with 2D/3D Graphics or Visualization (e.g., WebGL, three.js, D3) is considered an asset Experience interacting with a multidisciplinary team Confident oral and written communication skills in English Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to develop and build sustainable working relationships Ability to work in a quickly growing, fast paced, and constantly changing environment 
ScrapedJobID1274:
be a member of a tight knit department and become their inhouse Content Management System expert Research, design and recommend Drupal-based solutions Develop custom Drupal modules using a mixture of PHP and AngularJS Make alterations to purchased or off-the-shelf Drupal modules as necessary Develop, debug, test and deploy code based on the schedule and business priority Resolve issues with production code Make alterations to Drupal-based themes as necessary Collaborate with various stakeholders inside and outside of IT to develop great web-experiences for all audiences All other duties as required College diploma or university degree in the field of computer science, information systems or equivalent 3 to 5 years of front-end development experience, including responsive design 3 to 5 years of website development experience using Drupal, WordPress or other CMS Must have 3 to 5 years of front-end development in React.js Programming experience using PHP, Perl, Python and other common web-based development languages (.Net C# is a nice to have) Relational database programming experience using SQL Server, Oracle or MySQL with Stored Procedure Programming Expert knowledge of JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, HTML5, CSS. Strong knowledge of RESTful API design and usage for system integration Knowledge of integration technologies such as JSON and SOAP. Solid experience with Git, including branching, pull request, code review, etc. Experience debugging and rectifying issues with deployed code Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a fast-paced environment. Strong desire to learn and adapt to new technologies Strong organizational and estimation skills Experience with CI/CD (code deployment, pipelines, DevOps) Experience with Agile development Excellent written and oral communication skills. Excellent interpersonal skills. Ability to present ideas in business-friendly and user-friendly language. Exceptionally self-motivated and directed, with a hands-on approach. Keen attention to detail. Superior analytical, evaluative, and problem-solving abilities. Exceptional service orientation. 3 to 5 years of front-end development in React.js Programming experience using PHP, Perl, Python and other common web-based development languages (.Net C# is a nice to have) Knowledge of integration technologies such as JSON and SOAP. 
ScrapedJobID1275:
Architect the front-end client code and drive cross-team engineering efforts. Design and implement new features in our header bidding and monetization systems. Contribute to reducing latency, improving code efficiency of the front end of the application stack. Work with modern build tools to streamline development, testing and deployment of front end code. Participate in code review sessions and work with other engineers to build optimal solutions. Mentor more junior engineers on the team. Produce prototype features, experiments and iterate quickly to test ideas on optimizations. Support and debug production level issues and provide fixes in a timely manner At least 5 years of experience working on front-end applications in a professional environment. Strong fundamentals in web applications and front-end technologies including JavaScript, ES6 and modern frameworks such as TypeScript, React, Angular. Knowledge of RESTful web services. Able to expertly debug web applications using profilers and other tools. Understanding of the ad tech ecosystem and/or ad tech experience. Familiarity with tag management systems. Knowledge of the intricacies of working with different browsers (vendors, versions). Have built technology based on pure JavaScript (no frameworks). 
ScrapedJobID1276:

ScrapedJobID1277:
Collaborate with stakeholders, understanding business opportunities, collecting relevant information, and bringing insights to their strategy. Develop backend applications (with Python or Java), and frontend web applications (React). Fixing bugs and provide required support. Work on improvements for business products. Bachelor"s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related. At least 2-3 years of experience in the field. Experience working on end-to-end full-stack applications Proficient in Python or Java, and web development. Experience with relational databases and document stores. Attention to detail. Great communication skills and willingness to learn. Contact with Linux with version control. Cloud experience on Google Cloud or AWS. Containerization in Docker or Kubernetes. Experience with highly available distributed systems Collaborer avec les parties prenantes, comprendre les opportunités commerciales, collecter les informations pertinentes et apporter des informations à leur stratégie. Développer des applications backend (avec Python ou Java), et des applications web frontend (React). Corriger les bugs et fournir le support requis. Travailler sur des améliorations pour les produits d'affaires. Baccalauréat en informatique, en génie ou dans un domaine connexe. Au moins 2-3 ans d'expérience dans le domaine. Expérience de travail sur des applications full-stack de bout en bout. Maîtrise de Python ou Java, et du développement web. Expérience avec les bases de données relationnelles et les magasins de documents. Souci du détail. Excellentes capacités de communication et volonté d'apprendre. Contact avec Linux avec contrôle de version. Expérience cloud sur Google Cloud ou AWS. Conteneurisation dans Docker ou Kubernetes. Expérience avec des systèmes distribués hautement disponibles 
ScrapedJobID1278:
Provide expertise with application and database integration technologies, including solution and service-oriented architectures. Provide technical advice and weigh in on technical decisions that impact other teams or the company at large. Taking initiative to identify and solve important problems, making balanced trade-offs with respect to the whole system. Researching and proposing new technologies. Ability to demonstrate extensive ownership of different business modules and components. Follow Agile/Scrum Methodology: daily scrums, grooming, planning, retrospectives, and project meetings as required. Liaise with Product Management, DevOps and other project teams as required. Work with the Product Management team to help in the gathering and documentation of requirements. Quickly ramp up and apply any new technologies and processes. Enjoy working in a highly collaborative & dynamic team environment. Actively participate into code reviews and any technical sharing or collaborating interactions Proposing code improvements and usage of design patterns Have an agile and cloud mindset and be ready to use it. Debugging, doing root cause analysis on, or fixing any issues 5-8 years of software development experience in Java (developing Spring based applications) University degree in Computer Science, Programming, or equivalent education Self-learner and someone who is not afraid to embrace latest technologies. Proven ability to design software applications following object-oriented methodologies. Demonstrated experience implementing solutions that are scalable and highly available based on industry best practices. Software development experience in Java/J2EE and Spring eco-system (Core, MVC, Batch, Boot, etc.) Micro-services experience in implementation and API design Exposure to Cloud technologies: AWS, Azure, etc. Knowledgeable with data access technologies (Hibernate, OData, etc.) Experience with REST, especially with Java API for Restful Web Services, JSON data structures Experience with Git / Bamboo / Bitbucket / GitLab and working with CI/CD pipelines Knowledgeable in Continuous Delivery practices Knowledge of Database SQL (MSSQL and Oracle, etc.) Angular experience Testing frameworks experience (Jest, Jasmine, Cypress, Selenium) Static analysis code tools: SonarQube. Good knowledge of Linux and Bash Shell Scripting. .Net experience Bonuses Insurance coverage as of Day One Paid vacation and personal days RRSP matching Personal Spending Account (PSA) A modern Continuous Performance Process approach A dynamic and engaged culture Open-concept workspace with spectacular views of the city! 
ScrapedJobID1279:
Someone that thoroughly understands software development methodology and architecture standards. A passion for creating cutting edge web software and pushing the boundaries of front-end development Unquenchable thirst for knowledge and a desire to learn new technical skills A self-driven desire to find better ways to accomplish tasks Ability to analyze and research existing application code bases to learn and subsequently enhance with little guidance Communicates systems issues at the appropriate technical level for each audience Analyzes information, requirements and specifications to design and develop solutions for responsive web Architect and develop new and enhance modern web applications in AngularJS, Angular, and Vue.js Architect CSS frameworks and develop flexible UI components Support production environment as required for system failures. Identify quality improvements to minimize production errors and outages Design new customer capabilities & refactor existing systems to ensure high performance, reliability and resilience Mentor junior team members At least 6+ years of experience in Software Application Development Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or equivalent working experience Expert experience using JavaScript (ES6) Expert experience with CSS and rich web UI behaviors - pixel perfect execution for all major browsers and viewports Experience with GIT merging and rebasing strategies Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to communicate effectively with all stakeholders Ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment Collaborate with other developers and architects to determine optimal solution architecture, efficiency, maintainability and scalability Complete projects/tasks in a timely fashion while meeting sprint goals and commitments 
ScrapedJobID1280:
Building responsive and dynamic websites for clients. Working as designers to implement visual interfaces. Designing and implementing new features and functionality. Establishing and guiding the website's architecture. Ensuring high-performance and availability and managing all technical aspects of the CMS. Helping formulate an effective responsive design and turning it into a working theme and plugin Possibility for some design if interested. Proficiency in Adobe Creative Cloud (Photoshop, Adobe XD) or similar platforms to wireframe designs for presentation. Understanding of Word press and builders. Understanding of current web standards, principles, and best practices with regards to digital marketing, display ads, and social media. Excellent understanding of front-end technologies, including HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery. Strong understanding of PHP back-end development. Experience building user interfaces for websites and/or web applications. Experience designing and developing responsive design websites. Ability to understand CSS changes and their ramifications to ensure consistent style across platforms and browsers. Ability to convert comprehensive layout and wireframes into working HTML pages. Proficiency in Word press, WooCommerce, Elementor. E-Commerce strategy or experience. Ability to clearly communicate ideas and collaborate at all levels. Photography and video editing skills a plus. 
ScrapedJobID1281:
Contribute as a member of a multi-disciplinary self-organizing Scrum team, including helping estimate work, performing code reviews, testing, problem-solving, and retrospecting to continually improve our effectiveness Build general, tested code, and refactor as you go. You can plan quickly and test quickly - you know the plan will change Own the components that you are building from initial design and architecture all the way to end where it will be put into production adding value to our customers Communicate and work efficiently with technical leads, software architects, cloud operations, and product owners to set expectations and identify risks and opportunities for the business. Minimum 5+ years demonstrated web development experience working in a Frontend, Backend, or Full Stack role Experience with HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript; with a focus on React and Redux is considered an asset Experience with Python, RESTful API design, Azure, Docker, and Kubernetes is considered an asset Experience with 2D/3D Graphics or Visualization (e.g., WebGL, three.js, D3) is considered an asset Experience interacting with a multidisciplinary team Confident oral and written communication skills in English Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to develop and build sustainable working relationships Team-oriented attitude and good conflict management skills Ability to manage your own workload effectively and to work efficiently alongside team members Balanced and informed approach to problem solving Tenacity, persistence and focus with the ability to prioritize between multiple tasks Ability to work in a quickly growing, fast paced, and constantly changing environment No direct reports, but you will frequently be expected to work with developers, designers, marketing, and business leaders Seequent has committed to providing a well-supported and professional office environment A requirement of this role is to have and maintain a significant knowledge, competence, and capability in web development. In addition, you may have opportunities to expand your knowledge in related fields. You will be working with experts in 2D, 3D and 4D visualization and data science as well as database and interface designers. We will invest in providing you with training at various levels, which may include attending conferences and courses. You will also have regular opportunities to develop new skills, and you are encouraged to do so within the time constraints of your role. You are expected to be an expert at self-learning, and to balance this with more specific responsibilities and short-term goals. This role is fully remote during the COVID-19 pandemic and afterwards will be based in Calgary with flexibility to work from home. Our culture places a strong value on keeping a healthy work-life balance. We want you to enjoy life outside of work so that you can enjoy life at work. 
ScrapedJobID1282:
You will have significant responsibility and influence in shaping the applications you build. We are looking for someone to iterate quickly on all stages from development to production, including bringing new products to market. Ability to execute front end and back end development throughout the entire development process. Driving continuous improvements from leveraging modern tools and frameworks that enables us to release more frequently. Successful candidates will have strong engineering skills and communication, and a belief that data driven processes lead to great products. You will need to have a passion for quality and an ability to understand complex systems. Above all you should be passionate about solving real world problems, and brining value to the applications you create. Implement web applications that meet market needs and are easily extended with evolving business needs - front end and back end development Review project ideas and provide technology input, prescribing appropriate application solutions, which balance business requirements with Generac’s technology standards to arrive at the optimal solution. Maintain technical expertise in emerging technical trends. Write user and technical specifications in line with business needs. Self-directed and capable of working in a dynamic and startup-like environment with a high attention to detail. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field 2 years’ experience programming in Java 2 years’ experience with React.js / React Native and frameworks (such as Flux or Redux) Experience writing and debugging SQL queries Adept in building microservices using Java and developing REST APIs Knowledge of deploying applications in AWS (S3, ECS, Lambda) Experience building scalable infrastructure software or distributed systems for commercial online services Experience with AWS services EC2, ECS, serverless computing, EBS, RDS, S3, IAM Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases Experience with JavaScript and building Single Page Apps Experience with HTML / CSS / TypeScrip Knowledge of at least 2 of the following:  Javascript/Node.js, Python, Bash Knowledge of CI/CD tools and processes; Git, Jenkins, Maven, CircleCI. Comprehensive medical benefits Employer RRSP contribution matching Unlimited vacation (and we genuinely encourage you to use it) Work-from-home flexibility Spacious new office in the heart of downtown Vancouver 
ScrapedJobID1283:
Work Business Users and IT Solutions team to translate requirements into software solutions and is expected to deliver high quality results within project schedule timelines. Experience developing in .NET, and .NET Core. Experienced person (at least 4 years) in software development. Web application development using HTML5, JavaScript, Typescript and CSS Expert in Angular Framework (3+ years of experience) Advanced working knowledge of Bootstrap, Angular Material and Angular Reactive Forms Testing frameworks – Mockito or other Strong experience in C# (3+ years of experience) Server-side REST API Development using ASP.NET Web API (C#)/.NET Core frameworks Advanced working knowledge of Entity Framework & LINQ PL/SQL or SQL, Stored procedure developing using an RDBMS preferably Oracle 12 Automated test case development using testing frameworks such as nUnit (C#) or xUnit.net (C#) Experience of one of the mocking frameworks like MOQ or Fake Agile Software Development, SCRUM Experienced in writing / consuming REST APIs, concept of Microservices Developing mobile responsive web applications API design and best practices Test driven development Evidence of SOLID and design pattern use OOP principles and design Version control practices using GIT Working knowledge of OAuth2, JWT for application authentication and authorization Full SDLC experience from collecting user stories and requirements to developing unit tests DevOps experience: Creating, maintaining a CI/CD pipeline in Azure DevOps Knowledge Linux Server Environment (Configuration, Maintenance and Development) Azure AD integration using ADAL, ADAL4J libraries 
ScrapedJobID1284:
Design and development of front end user interface. Provide direction to junior developers. Contribute in all phases of the development lifecycle. Ensure designs are in compliance with the specifications. Work under the direction of the Test Automation Lead. Work seamlessly with geographically distributed teams. Work with the scrum master and help establish sprint activities and tasks. Participate in the daily standup and provide status updates, contribute to team meetings. Collaborate with various teams in defect triage meetings. Must be able to obtain a Canadian Reliability security clearance. BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject (or equivalent work experience) Hands on knowledge of JAVA Hands on knowledge of NodeJS or ReactJS Experience with SDLC tools, frameworks and methodologies Experience working with AGILE teams and tools including but not limited to - JIRA, Confluence, Crucible - will be considered an asset Analytical Thinking Communication (Oral/Written) Java Front End Development Node.Js Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1285:
The Application Developer is responsible for supporting, maintaining, and enhancing current and future business applications in a distributed environment, including SQL server, Business Intelligence, and .NET The primary development will be to support reporting solutions (database creation, Windows applications, batch reporting, web applications/services, etc), bringing in files, loading them, calculating metrics, loading into a table and exporting to the reporting side (Think ETL with some advanced business logic) This will be for items like subscription metrics, delivering financial reports to external partners This is not a front-end application The developer will work with the Business Analysts to take requirements, produce some standard technical documents (5%), and provide development insight to BA and Operations teams The role will also provide Level 2 support to your applications Lots of growth opportunities Client is moving to Agile and cloud solutions 5+ years Microsoft programming and analysis experience in distributed environment Proficiency in SQL applications, including Enterprise Manager and SQL Query Analyzer Experience creating database tables; indexes; Transact-SQL; stored procedures; triggers; SSIS/DTS packages; and reporting applications Strong working experience in SQL 2019 environments Strong working experience with ETL processes Strong working knowledge of: C#; C++; ASP Experience with financial, subscription management and business intelligence applications would be considered an asset Knowledge of AWS cloud database technologies including Aurora and Redshift would be considered an asset Able to convey technical knowledge to external vendors/clients would be considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID1286:
Build tools and technology for the unique problems of inventory management, logistics, and order fulfillment Create new and innovative systems alongside streamlining and optimizing current processes Experience working in the latest technology, a ubiquitous culture based upon data, and a team of dedicated team members ready to collaborate Build software tools for better reporting and telemetry on our warehouse processes Build tools that support our operations and logistics teams to efficiently sort, pick, pack, and ship orders Contribute to solutions that aid in the tracking and retrieval of hundreds of thousands of consigned items across multiple warehouses 5+ Years experience in a Software Engineering role Strong understanding of building production-ready web applications and systems Fluency with any of Ruby, Elixir, Erlang Strong understanding of web-app performance fundamentals and related dev tools Mastery of git and Github workflows Bachelor of Computer Science degree or equivalent experience Experience building Operations and Logistics applications Strong understanding of web technologies: HTML5, Javascript, CSS/SASS, REST, JSON Experience with GraphQL Experience with Kafka Bonus pay Dental care Employee assistance program Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID1287:
Participates in daily stand-up, sprint planning, sprint review and retrospective Participates in discussions of business requirements and solution design Reviews existing codes to gain thorough understanding of application logic and business rules Implements major enhancements to existing mission-critical FoxPro desktop application and web application for Mortgage sector Implements code changes to other sectors’ FoxPro applications based on business needs such as change requests, enhancement and performance improvement Performs thorough web security, system integration, regression, functional and performance tests, keep track defects and fix them promptly Creates ETL jobs to transfer FoxPro data to SQL database for reporting purposes Provides application support and user support after production implementation At least 5-years strong experience in developing and maintaining FoxPro Desktop & Web applications (database design and optimization, development, forms, reports, integration). Has good experience writing secure codes, using security scanner to identify security vulnerabilities and fixing vulnerabilities Experience working in SCRUM or iterative development environment Has extensive experience in providing user support and production support Strong problem-solving, troubleshooting and resolution skills are mandatory Good communication skills and interpersonal skills are mandatory Must be able to take ownership and take initiative, work well both independently and as part of team. Must have strong learning capability to quickly pick up business domain knowledge and additional technique skills and willingness to share knowledge with team members. Experience and knowledge of OO design and programming is an asset Working experience in financial industry or regulatory bodies (especially Insurance) and government agency is valuable. 
ScrapedJobID1288:
Responsible for guiding and creating remarkable and progressive digital experiences for a variety of audiences to support our business in Canada, with an emphasis on responsive and mobile designs Work closely with stakeholders to define the user experience for secure digital properties, ensuring they closely align with the client's key success factors Work collaboratively with fellow members of the team to conceptualize design and prototype ideas for implementation on the web and mobile Apply user-centred design principles to influence project strategy and direction Advocate for data-driven design solutions for web and mobile Define user personas, and map user journeys Create distinctive, branded digital experiences that are desirable and consistent across multiple platforms, devices and channels Develop user scenarios, personas, user flows, design concepts, low and high-fidelity wireframes, and prototypes, UI standards documents, and other design documents as needed Design and deliver elegant and delightful visual elements of a coherent product experience Conduct concept and usability testing to iteratively validate and improve design solutions Explore solution space and refine concepts via wireframes and detailed high-fidelity design Define the visual style and position relative to design guidelines Build prototypes and test them with users to validate customer needs and understand requirements and behaviours Collaborate with other designers to maintain a level of design consistency and coherence across products and services Clearly articulate proposed design and key decisions with stakeholders Actively collaborate as part of the team to ensure designs are feasible and implemented accurately Ensure standards and best practices are appropriately communicated and documented Manage user experience deliverables produced by internal and 3rd party resources as required to ensure expectations are successfully met Produce annotated wireframes, design specs and other documentation as needed within all project timelines Ensure the workflow reflects the users’ needs and maintain consistency among features Determine the need for user research and user testing. Interpret and review research findings for presentations to project teams 3-5 years of experience in user-centered digital design and user experience Solid UX Practice/Process University degree or certification in User Experience, or equivalent work experience Solid portfolio demonstrating impactful customer experiences, including experience developing digital products from initial concept through to implementation Design experience ranging across web and mobile (mobile web and native applications) Strong knowledge and experience designing wireframes and interactive prototypes using industry software (e.g., Sketch and inVision) Familiar working with design systems that consistently scale across platforms Well-versed in current accessibility standards Strong visual design skills, able to create compelling, branded, high-fidelity product screens Strong verbal and writing communication skills with ability to articulate the value of a design choice to users and non-designer stakeholders. Excellent presentation skills Experience working with clients and various departments within a team environment Knowledge of current web standards and the latest trends Ability to successfully manage and deliver on multiple projects with competing deadlines and priorities Creative problem solving and analytical thinking Able to produce high-quality creative solutions in a fast-paced environment Synthesizes abstract ideas into tangible solutions for design Passionate about problem solving through design Sees value in taking an iterative design approach Strong sense of ownership and proactively advocates for the end user Open to taking on new challenges and learning new skills Collaborative, curious, empathetic, open-minded, innovative Understanding of front-end web development an asset (HTML, CSS, JS, etc.) Experience working in agile methodology is a plus 
ScrapedJobID1289:
Proven ability to assess business needs and translate them into relevant solutions. Decipher information architecture and visual designs and turn them into frontend code. Develop frontend code that integrates with backend interfaces. Develop, analyze, prioritize, and organize requirement specifications, data mapping, diagrams, and flowcharts for developers and testers to follow. Architect, develop, and test for cross-browser and cross-platform applications. Lead frontend technical development efforts independently. Explore existing systems, determine areas of complexity and potential risks to successful implementation of advanced visualization products. Collaborate with various cross functional teams like design, product management and backend architects and development teams to validate prototypes and to create elegant, usable, responsive and interactive interfaces which meets client requirements. Translate wireframes into functional requirements, write well-abstracted, reusable, high-performance code for UI components. Provide documentation of all processes and training as needed Perform design, implementation, code reviews, and upgrades of information systems to meet the business and user needs Implement best practices for scalability, supportability, ease of maintenance, and system performance Suggest continuous improvements in user interface, software architecture or new technologies. Bachelor's degree in computer science or information technology Design Experience & Knowledge 2+ years Designing frontend architecture with architectural guidelines in mind (secure, high-performing, scalable, extensible, flexible, simple) 5+ years of strong hands-on experience on Angular 5+/RxJS, React/Redux, Single Page Applications JavaScript ES6/ES7/ES8/ES9/ES10; HTML5/CSS3, Async/Await, Ajax Ionic Cordova, xCode, Android Studio. CSS pre-processors such as Less/Sass/Scss, Flexbox and Grid: Responsive Design & UI Layout frameworks like Bootstrap, Material UI, Tailwind Client-side Unit testing and e2e frameworks nu89 and tools: Jasmine, Mocha, Karma, PhantomJS Mastery of UI build, Packaging and Optimization tools: npm, webpack, JS library structure, and JS library packaging & optimization Expertise in caching, minification, bundling techniques to improve frontend performance Deep understanding of Web Accessibility Computer science fundamentals: data structures, algorithms, Object-Oriented Design and Design Patterns Integration Experience & Knowledge Node.js Express, Next.js and Passport as a backend framework and MongoDb RESTful services, microservices, micro-frontends, and GraphQL One or more Server-side UI technologies: JSP, JSF, PHP HTML5 Messaging, XHR2, Websockets CDN Integration to optimize resource bandwidth Google Tag Manager page and event tagging Frontend monitoring tools to troubleshoot errors and recognize performance bottlenecks. Familiar with Agile methodologies (Scrum / Kanban) Excellent communicator to express technical knowledge across groups in both Business and IT, online and in-person. Excellent at documenting technical designs and concepts Fluent in English 
ScrapedJobID1290:
Work with one of Canada's "Top 100 Employers," with possibility of extension or permanent placement. Work Location: Calgary Office Term (start and end date): December 6, 2021 until December 2, 2022 Schedule: Standard 5x2, 40 hour work week Competitive Compensation and Benefits. Representation by an award-winning staffing agency that takes pride in our personalized approach to staffing, ensuring you are a valued member of the team - not just a number. Assist in setting data visualization goals and deliverables based on the established success criteria and metrics as defined for the solution Educate clients on data visualization methods and techniques to enhance business decision-making capability Develop User Interface (UI) to receive information input from business users into a relational database and non-relational management systems Apply information architecture, interactive visual design, quantitative analysis and qualitative user research to create UI for an informed User Experience (UX) Design and execute performance tests of front-end applications in a big data context Monitor, develop and operate (DevOps) the visualization(s) for existing analytic products Collaborate with ecosystem partners to provide the best fit technologies while expanding knowledge of current data analytics and visualization trends Research, establish guidance, and maintain documentation on data visualization tools and best practices to ensure design consistency for the best UX across the enterprise Mentor and coach less-experienced team members and clients on data visualization methods and techniques to enhance business decision-making capability. Manage a database/library of visuals and designs library built across analytical products Interface with other technology teams to extract, transform, and load data from a wide variety of data sources using multiple technologies Five years of progressive experience in a data visualization/development role A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Statistics or Mathematics, Information Management or a related technical discipline and equivalent work experience Experience and exposure to business data analysis for various domains, including the ability to rapid prototype visualizations and communicate them to the client Strong experience in Data Modeling, ELT/ETL Development, and Data Warehousing The ability to establish and apply data visualization best practices and graphical design principles Experience in UI/UX design and development Strong organizational skills; able to manage multiple stakeholders and track execution of all details of a program Exposure to Full stack (front-end user interface and application back-end) development experience Experience with one or more data visualization libraries, frameworks and tools Experience with one or more programming/web development language Experience with dashboard/reporting tools Experience in relational databases and writing SQL code No 
ScrapedJobID1291:
Our Client is growing at an incredible pace even during these uncertain times and are continuing to scale out their Toronto office. You will be a key contributor to their goal of accelerating the way space providers and occupiers plan, market, lease and manage space. As such, you will: Work closely with engineers, product managers, designers, QA, and other business partners to discover and solve challenges for our customers. Collaborate with other engineers to incrementally craft high quality products and APIs for our customers (we deploy multiple times a day) Have organization wide impact through your work, departmental initiatives like brown bags and recruiting, being a mentor or on-boarding buddy, etc. 5 years+ professional experience Product software/SaaS experience (focus on large scalable tech, lots of users) MEAN/MERN Stack Agile software process and software design Experience delivering high-quality web applications for the consumer or enterprise. Strongly values automated testing and implements good testing practices. Experience architecting solutions to problems in a thoughtful way - limiting number of technologies, ability to justify decisions, can articulate trade-offs well, etc. Experience presenting technical projects and problems to non-technical folks and the ability to explain and justify the business reasons. 
ScrapedJobID1292:
Establishing data storage and analytics systems for the Virtual Assistant Authenticated Bot-establishing the flow of authentication through the chatbot from an unauthenticated space to an authenticated space Testing and maintenance of a client facing website A valid Enhanced Reliability or higher Security Clearance. 2-3 years of front-end experience Basic understanding of technical architectures that can furnish secure web properties including the JAMstack and Kubernetes / docker implementations. Basic understanding of decoupled web applications as well as micro services and serverless functions A high degree of knowledge of and has demonstrated producing solutions that are WCAG compliant Systems Integration Systems Engineering System Development Life Cycle Systems Analysis and Design Systems Development, Methodologies, Techniques and tools 
ScrapedJobID1293:
Collaborate directly with, and as part of the development team Writing automated tests for our front and back end systems Identify where our testing gaps exist, and suggest solutions, including new frameworks and testing harnesses Champion quality across the organization, and help other developers improve their approach to quality Contribute to the strategy of our software development initiatives Participating in our agile process by being an active contributor in daily standups and bi-weekly sprint kick-offs and retrospectives You are a software developer with the automate-first mindset (Typescript, Ruby, Java, etc.) You have experience with continuous testing and have developed scripts to simplify aspects of the QA process You have automation experience testing web applications (Selenium, WebdriverIO, JUnit, Cypress, etc.) You understand how to test back-end web services using contract tests, API tests, etc. You have done performance testing and are familiar with its tooling (K6, jMeter, etc.) You understand the concept of CI/CD and the popular continuous integration systems (Jenkins, Github Actions, etc.) You are familiar with AWS technology and have a strong empathy for DevOps (Kubernetes, lambda, docker, CloudWatch etc.) You understand the challenges developers face, and aim to collaboratively address issues in order to move quickly and with confidence You're excited to be a catalyst for continuous improvement A remote friendly office with flexible hours - for this role we will consider all applications from those based in Canada with the option to work from our Vancouver office 4 weeks vacation plus Christmas Holiday Closure - you're entitled to the week of Christmas off with pay through to and including Jan 1st Vacation bonus - $1,000.00 12 Personal Wellness Days (This includes: Personal day, Moving day, Sick day, etc) Health and Wellness budget - $500.00 Networking budget - $500.00 A paid day off for your birthday One paid Volunteer day per year All Unbouncers are encouraged to dedicate 10% of their time to Pro-D time 
ScrapedJobID1294:
Provide expertise with application and database integration technologies, including solution and service-oriented architectures. Provide technical advice and weigh in on technical decisions that impact other teams or the company at large. Taking initiative to identify and solve important problems, making balanced trade-offs with respect to the whole system. Researching and proposing new technologies. Ability to demonstrate extensive ownership of different business modules and components. Follow Agile/Scrum Methodology: daily scrums, grooming, planning, retrospectives, and project meetings as required. Liaise with Product Management, DevOps and other project teams as required. Work with the Product Management team to help in the gathering and documentation of requirements. Quickly ramp up and apply any new technologies and processes. Enjoy working in a highly collaborative & dynamic team environment. Actively participate into code reviews and any technical sharing or collaborating interactions Proposing code improvements and usage of design patterns Have an agile and cloud mindset and be ready to use it. Debugging, doing root cause analysis on, or fixing any issues 5-8 years of software development experience in Java (developing Spring based applications) University degree in Computer Science, Programming, or equivalent education Self-learner and someone who is not afraid to embrace latest technologies. Proven ability to design software applications following object-oriented methodologies. Demonstrated experience implementing solutions that are scalable and highly available based on industry best practices. Software development experience in Java/J2EE and Spring eco-system (Core, MVC, Batch, Boot, etc.) Micro-services experience in implementation and API design Exposure to Cloud technologies: AWS, Azure, etc. Knowledgeable with data access technologies (Hibernate, OData, etc.) Experience with REST, especially with Java API for Restful Web Services, JSON data structures Experience with Git / Bamboo / Bitbucket / GitLab and working with CI/CD pipelines Knowledgeable in Continuous Delivery practices Knowledge of Database SQL (MSSQL and Oracle, etc.) Angular experience Testing frameworks experience (Jest, Jasmine, Cypress, Selenium) Static analysis code tools: SonarQube. Good knowledge of Linux and Bash Shell Scripting. .Net experience Bonuses Insurance coverage as of Day One Paid vacation and personal days RRSP matching Personal Spending Account (PSA) A modern Continuous Performance Process approach A dynamic and engaged culture Open-concept workspace with spectacular views of the city! 
ScrapedJobID1295:
Building responsive and dynamic websites for clients. Working as designers to implement visual interfaces. Designing and implementing new features and functionality. Establishing and guiding the website's architecture. Ensuring high-performance and availability and managing all technical aspects of the CMS. Helping formulate an effective responsive design and turning it into a working theme and plugin Possibility for some design if interested. Proficiency in Adobe Creative Cloud (Photoshop, Adobe XD) or similar platforms to wireframe designs for presentation. Understanding of Word press and builders. Understanding of current web standards, principles, and best practices with regards to digital marketing, display ads, and social media. Excellent understanding of front-end technologies, including HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery. Strong understanding of PHP back-end development. Experience building user interfaces for websites and/or web applications. Experience designing and developing responsive design websites. Ability to understand CSS changes and their ramifications to ensure consistent style across platforms and browsers. Ability to convert comprehensive layout and wireframes into working HTML pages. Proficiency in Word press, WooCommerce, Elementor. E-Commerce strategy or experience. Ability to clearly communicate ideas and collaborate at all levels. Photography and video editing skills a plus. 
ScrapedJobID1296:
Maintain and build on the system and solution architecture of Service oriented Web Applications; Design solutions tailored on customer requirements; Coach and organize Agile methodology based governance; Participate and prepare governance meetings to provide visibility on project plan and milestone achievements; Interact with different organizations (IT, Core Engineering, Methods, …) to ensure seamless integration of the provided solutions; You have a university or (technical) college degree in computer development and/or equivalent experience; You have strong experience of building system and solution architectures; You have a minimum of 5 years of experience in web application development; You have good skills in Java or others procedural / functional programming languages; You have good skills with web frontend technologies (React, Angular, HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript); You have good knowledge of SQL Server; You have good knowledge of Operating Systems (Windows, Linux), virtualization and networking; Experience with PLM (TeamCenter) and ERP (SAP) is an asset; You are organized, a good planner and problem solver; Monday to Friday web application development: 5 years (required) Java: 5 years (required) Angular, HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript: 5 years (required) SQL: 5 years (required) Windows, Linux: 5 years (required) No 
ScrapedJobID1297:
Highly competitive salary Attractive vacation, healthcare & benefits, including generous RRSP matching ‘People-first’ culture that prioritizes fun Autonomy and freedom to do your best work on your own terms (you won’t find any micromanagers here!) Flexibility to work remotely State-of-the-art and centrally located offices (Victoria) Remote work fund to create a successful home working setup Opportunities to work on interesting products High-end hardware and equipment — in the office and at home Opportunities to learn and grow through professional development support, funding, and mentorship Internal mobility; opportunity to work with various products and teams across the Redbrick portfolio of companies Monthly fitness reimbursements to support a healthy and active lifestyle Modern tech stacks (.Net, Python, TypeScript, Docker, AWS) Opportunities to contribute to open-source communities Architecting, designing, and implementing new features. Problem-solving bugs and implementing fixes. Analyzing data to better inform our decision-making process. Coordinating initiatives and projects from idea to release. Helping the team grow the business in ways we haven’t yet thought of. Designing and developing windows desktop applications as well as web applications. WPF (C#), Chromium (C++) and Web (HTML/CSS/JS) Troubleshoot, identify, and improve product quality. Maintain, improve, and support existing software products. Collaborate with team members to integrate new product functionality. Mentor and lead other developers to improve their skillset and code quality. You have an understanding of the software we build and are starting to familiarize yourself with the development process. You will have started or completed a couple of small tasks. Merged in code that will be released to our users. You will be breaking down large tasks and building new features into projects. Coordinating with design teams on updates and additions, as well as debugging errors and implementing fixes. You will be taking the lead on architecting and building new features into our desktop applications, creating new products, and various MVPs. You will have all the knowledge necessary to handle releasing new updates to our user base, and the ability to track the success of new changes from start to finish. Experience developing complex desktop and/or web applications using various languages such as C#, C++, Java, Python, PHP, RESTful, JS Experience with version control systems, code review, and automated testing. Experience architecting and deploying services on AWS. Experience with database design and administration as well as experience with DevOps tools. Proven track record of building and deploying applications to large user bases. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent entrepreneurial experience in product building. Are unafraid to try new ideas and think outside the box. Experience with Performance Marketing Experience with data tracking systems (Google Analytics, Has Offers, Mixpanel) Expert Ping Pong Skills Extended health care Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID1298:
Understand and interpret data to develop hypotheses, define experiments to prove (or disprove) them and carry them through to their conclusion; Identify, size and prioritize opportunities according to highest-impact potential, making recommendations relating to key projects to engage and retain our customers; Use techniques around customer discovery and validation to determine what should be built; Articulate, track, analyze and communicate the business goals for products and projects; Effectively translate business needs into technical requirements; Optimize existing products that will deliver incremental gain for our business; Collaborate with the development and marketing teams to evaluate technical options; Participate in backlog grooming, sprint planning and daily stand-ups; Drive release planning activities; Lead acceptance testing; Develop mechanisms to evaluate results of completed projects and recommend future improvements; Manage 3rd party platform requirements, development, and partner relations as required to support internal stakeholder objectives. 5+ years of web-based product management experience; 5+ years developing with Node.js or similar web based languages; 3+ years working in a containerized environment employing CI/CD principles; Strong knowledge of developing with Kubernetes (K8s) or related systems is a must; University degree in a related or technically oriented discipline is an asset; Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work in a team environment; Exceptional analytical skills to support data-driven decision-making. Comprendre et interpréter l’information afin de développer des hypothèses, définir des expériences pour prouver ou infirmer ces dernières et les mener à terme ; Déterminer, prioriser et évaluer les opportunités présentant le potentiel le plus élevé, puis faire des recommandations en relation avec des projets clés afin de fidéliser et conserver notre clientèle ; Mettre en oeuvre des techniques de développement de la clientèle, de la découverte à la validation, dans le but d’améliorer l’expérience client et de formuler des recommandations ; Coordonner, suivre, analyser et communiquer les objectifs d’affaires pour les produits et les projets ; Transposer de manière efficace les besoins commerciaux en exigences techniques ; Optimiser les produits existants qui représentent un gain différentiel pour l’entreprise ; Collaborer avec l’équipe de développement et de marketing pour évaluer les options techniques ; Participer au traitement du backlog et à la planification des sprints et stand ups quotidiens ; Diriger les activités en matière de planification de release ; Mener les tests d’acceptation ; Mettre en place des KPI pour évaluer les résultats de la performance des projets complétés et recommander de futures améliorations ; Gérer les exigences, le développement et les relations de partenariat d’une plateforme tierce, tel que nécessaire pour supporter les objectifs internes des intervenants. Plus de 5 ans d’expérience en gestion de produit Web ; Plus de 5 ans d’expérience avec Node.js ou avec une plateforme similaire ; Plus de 3 ans d’expérience dans un environnement test d’approche CI/CD ; Excellentes connaissances requises en déploiement avec Kubernetes (K8s) ou des systèmes s’en rapprochant ; Diplôme universitaire dans une discipline connexe ou à orientation technique ; Fortes compétences relationnelles et en travail d’équipe ; Aptitudes analytiques exceptionnelles, visant la prise de décisions basées sur l’interprétation de données. 
ScrapedJobID1299:

ScrapedJobID1300:
3+ years working with React. 3+ years working with NodeJS. 5+ years in javascript/typescript development. Good experience with unit testing frameworks in React and NodeJS. Experience working on high traffic websites. Experience with collaboration tools such as JIRA and Confluence. Some knowledge of RESTful API principles. Experience with NestJs. Experience with Google Cloud Platform. Self-motivated with strong team spirit. Strong work ethic. Ability to work independently with little supervision as well as ability to coordinate and collaborate within a team. Excellent multi-tasking skills. Ability to communicate well to both technical and non-technical staff. Excellent knowledge of pure JavaScript. Excellent knowledge of REST principles and API architecture. Extensive experience with HTML 5, CSS 3 and responsive web development. Knowledge and practical experience with agile methodologies, particularly SCRUM. Good cross-browser and cross-device development experience. Good awareness of best practice user interface design principles. Excellent communication skills - verbal and written. Building JavaScript SPAs using React. Building supporting NodeJS+NestJs backends with integration with other external APIs and Google Cloud Platform. Hands on responsive web development using HTML5 and CSS. Designing and implementing unit tests to validate the functionality is implemented correctly. Managing and improving current sites in line with changing business requirements. Assist in defining software architecture and user interface design approaches. Implementing accurate and reliable code in time according to specification to deliver needed functionality. Remain current to Web sites and mobile trends in design and technology. Someone with passion for creating efficient and effective UIs for an enterprise-level SaaS platform and has a high standard of quality in that regard. Working in a fast-paced organization using Agile/Scrum methodology to deliver excellent solutions for our demanding customer service and operations requirements. 
ScrapedJobID1301:
Develop frontend software solutions by studying information needs like studying systems flow, data usage and work processes; investigating problem areas; following the software development lifecycle Determine operational feasibility by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development and proposed solutions Document and demonstrate solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code Prepare and install solutions by determining and designing system specifications, standards, and programming Update job knowledge by studying state-of-the-art development tools, programming techniques and computing equipment Participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks Protect operations by keeping information confidential Provide information by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing development and production issues Accomplish engineering and organization mission by completing related results as needed Understand company needs to define enterprise system specifications Collaborating with other GIS software professionals to determine functional and non-functional Bachelor's degree with major course work in computer science or a related field is required. Equivalent work experience in a similar position may be substituted for education requirements At least 5-7 years of experience with software engineering, system administration, programming, and/or a related field Strong proficiency in JavaScript, including DOM manipulation and the JavaScript object model Knowledge of HTML/CSS, JQuery Familiarity with RESTful APIs Prior experience with popular React.js workflows (such as Flux or Redux) Familiarity with code versioning tools, especially Git/Github Familiarity with modern front-end build pipelines and tools Experience with common front-end development tools such as Babel, Webpack, NPM, etc. Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements A knack for benchmarking and optimization A technical mindset with great attention to detail Problem-solving aptitude Développer des solutions logicielles front-end en étudiant les besoins en informations comme l'étude des flux des systèmes, l'utilisation des données et les processus de travail ; enquêter sur les domaines problématiques; suivant le cycle de vie du développement logiciel Déterminer la faisabilité opérationnelle en évaluant l'analyse, la définition du problème, les exigences, le développement de solutions et les solutions proposées Documenter et démontrer des solutions en développant de la documentation, des organigrammes, des mises en page, des diagrammes, des graphiques, des commentaires de code et un code clair Préparer et installer des solutions en déterminant et en concevant les spécifications, les normes et la programmation du système Mettre à jour les connaissances professionnelles en étudiant les outils de développement de pointe, les techniques de programmation et l'équipement informatique Participer à des opportunités éducatives; lire des publications professionnelles; entretien des réseaux personnels Protéger les opérations en gardant les informations confidentielles Fournir des informations en collectant, analysant et résumant les problèmes de développement et de production Accomplir la mission d'ingénierie et d'organisation en complétant les résultats connexes au besoin Comprendre les besoins de l'entreprise pour définir les spécifications du système d'entreprise Collaborer avec d'autres professionnels des logiciels SIG pour déterminer les fonctions fonctionnelles et non fonctionnelles Un baccalauréat avec des cours majeurs en informatique ou dans un domaine connexe est requis. Une expérience de travail équivalente dans un poste similaire peut être substituée aux exigences de formation Au moins 5 à 7 ans d'expérience en génie logiciel, en administration système, en programmation et/ou dans un domaine connexe Solide maîtrise de JavaScript, y compris la manipulation DOM et le modèle d'objet JavaScript Connaissance de HTML/CSS, JQuery Familiarité avec les API RESTful Expérience préalable avec les workflows React.js populaires (tels que Flux ou Redux) Familiarité avec les outils de versioning de code, en particulier Git/Github Familiarité avec les pipelines et les outils de création front-end modernes Expérience avec les outils de développement front-end courants tels que Babel, Webpack, NPM, etc. Capacité à comprendre les exigences commerciales et à les traduire en exigences techniques Un talent pour l'analyse comparative et l'optimisation Un esprit technique avec une grande attention aux détails Aptitude à la résolution de problèmes 
ScrapedJobID1302:
Participates in daily stand-up, sprint planning, sprint review and retrospective Participates in discussions of business requirements and solution design Reviews existing codes to gain thorough understanding of application logic and business rules Implements major enhancements to existing mission-critical FoxPro desktop application and web application for Mortgage sector Implements code changes to other sectors’ FoxPro applications based on business needs such as change requests, enhancement and performance improvement Performs thorough web security, system integration, regression, functional and performance tests, keep track defects and fix them promptly Creates ETL jobs to transfer FoxPro data to SQL database for reporting purposes Provides application support and user support after production implementation At least 5-years strong experience in developing and maintaining FoxPro Desktop & Web applications (database design and optimization, development, forms, reports, integration). Has good experience writing secure codes, using security scanner to identify security vulnerabilities and fixing vulnerabilities Experience working in SCRUM or iterative development environment Has extensive experience in providing user support and production support Strong problem-solving, troubleshooting and resolution skills are mandatory Good communication skills and interpersonal skills are mandatory Must be able to take ownership and take initiative, work well both independently and as part of team. Must have strong learning capability to quickly pick up business domain knowledge and additional technique skills and willingness to share knowledge with team members. Experience and knowledge of OO design and programming is an asset Working experience in financial industry or regulatory bodies (especially Insurance) and government agency is valuable. 
ScrapedJobID1303:
Development of Windows Azure Cloud projects. Implement Industry best practices in design, coding and ensure Quality. Work closely with other software and hardware engineers to solve design issues. Responsible for Coding, Bug Fixing, Unit Testing, & Software Configuration. Interfacing software applications with other devices and control systems. Providing relevant documentation. Assist team(s) in providing the right approach, coding & design standards. Perform peer code reviews to detect any anomalies during development. Take complete ownership of Development and maintenance Needs to have a good exposure to Frontend development. Developing javascript based functions and UI elements using SVG, Images etc Microsoft Azure , ASP .NET, C# ,Full Stack Developer, JavaScript(Any framework) Monday to Friday Full Stack Developer: 6 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1304:

ScrapedJobID1305:
You will write well designed, testable, efficient code by using best software development practices You will gather and refine specifications and requirements based on technical needs You will be directing day-to-day activities in a manner consistent with our risk culture and the relevant risk appetite statement and limits and communicate it throughout the team. You will create an environment in which your team pursues effective and efficient operations of their respective areas while ensuring the adequacy, adherence to and effectiveness of day-to-day business controls to meet obligations with respect to risk and compliance You will create and maintain software documentation You will be creating software for Scotiabank Commercial Customers and Scotiabank Employee’s You have experience working with authenticated, customer focused software You have deep knowledge and experience with REST API design, Java Spring Boot You have a deep knowledge and experience with HTML / JavaScript / Typescript CSS You have experience with one modern JS framework – specifically, React You’ve built accessible and internationalized web applications before (Java, J2EE) You have built software for customers and employees You stay up to date with industry best practice You have excellent communication skills, problem solving skills, and attention to detail We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity and curiosity and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create meaningful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world We hire you for your talent not just a job so you can grow with us. We’ll equip you for success not only in your role, but also in your career as a whole Access to thousands of online and in-person courses so you can hone your current skills, or learn new ones A competitive rewards package that includes a base salary, a performance bonus, company matching programs on pension and profit sharing, paid vacation, personal & sick days, medical, vision, and dental benefits that start from day one and much more! 
ScrapedJobID1306:
Responsible for guiding and creating remarkable and progressive digital experiences for a variety of audiences to support our business in Canada, with an emphasis on responsive and mobile designs Work closely with stakeholders to define the user experience for secure digital properties, ensuring they closely align with the client's key success factors Work collaboratively with fellow members of the team to conceptualize design and prototype ideas for implementation on the web and mobile Apply user-centred design principles to influence project strategy and direction Advocate for data-driven design solutions for web and mobile Define user personas, and map user journeys Create distinctive, branded digital experiences that are desirable and consistent across multiple platforms, devices and channels Develop user scenarios, personas, user flows, design concepts, low and high-fidelity wireframes, and prototypes, UI standards documents, and other design documents as needed Design and deliver elegant and delightful visual elements of a coherent product experience Conduct concept and usability testing to iteratively validate and improve design solutions Explore solution space and refine concepts via wireframes and detailed high-fidelity design Define the visual style and position relative to design guidelines Build prototypes and test them with users to validate customer needs and understand requirements and behaviours Collaborate with other designers to maintain a level of design consistency and coherence across products and services Clearly articulate proposed design and key decisions with stakeholders Actively collaborate as part of the team to ensure designs are feasible and implemented accurately Ensure standards and best practices are appropriately communicated and documented Manage user experience deliverables produced by internal and 3rd party resources as required to ensure expectations are successfully met Produce annotated wireframes, design specs and other documentation as needed within all project timelines Ensure the workflow reflects the users’ needs and maintain consistency among features Determine the need for user research and user testing. Interpret and review research findings for presentations to project teams 3-5 years of experience in user-centered digital design and user experience Solid UX Practice/Process University degree or certification in User Experience, or equivalent work experience Solid portfolio demonstrating impactful customer experiences, including experience developing digital products from initial concept through to implementation Design experience ranging across web and mobile (mobile web and native applications) Strong knowledge and experience designing wireframes and interactive prototypes using industry software (e.g., Sketch and inVision) Familiar working with design systems that consistently scale across platforms Well-versed in current accessibility standards Strong visual design skills, able to create compelling, branded, high-fidelity product screens Strong verbal and writing communication skills with ability to articulate the value of a design choice to users and non-designer stakeholders. Excellent presentation skills Experience working with clients and various departments within a team environment Knowledge of current web standards and the latest trends Ability to successfully manage and deliver on multiple projects with competing deadlines and priorities Creative problem solving and analytical thinking Able to produce high-quality creative solutions in a fast-paced environment Synthesizes abstract ideas into tangible solutions for design Passionate about problem solving through design Sees value in taking an iterative design approach Strong sense of ownership and proactively advocates for the end user Open to taking on new challenges and learning new skills Collaborative, curious, empathetic, open-minded, innovative Understanding of front-end web development an asset (HTML, CSS, JS, etc.) Experience working in agile methodology is a plus 
ScrapedJobID1307:
Degree/Diploma in Computer Science, Software/Computer Engineering, Data Science, Mathematics or equivalent 3+ years of software application development at the enterprise level in a Java/J2EE environment, preferably with Spring Framework Experience with relational databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, etc.) as well as build tools (Maven, Ant, Gradle, etc.), Hibernate ORM, etc. Experience with Docker containerization, AWS cloud integration, big data solutions, and JavaScript web development are all considered assets Excellent verbal and written communication skills, and ability to work both in a team and autonomous (remote) environments 
ScrapedJobID1308:
Comfortable with technology systems and FULLSTACK TECHIES internal tools 4+ years’ experience developing software products – any language 2+ years hands-on experience developing applications with Python 2+ years of UI development using jQuery or other JavaScript library (jQuery preferred, Angular, vue.js, React, etc. are acceptable) At least some development experience with Node.js Familiarity with writing and optimizing SQL queries is required Experience with Bootstrap HTML/CSS UI development is a bonus Good Experience with Python in an AWS environment is a bonus, especially Python lambda functions in AWS Ability to contribute anywhere in the stack and wear multiple hats A focus on quality: Write your own unit tests, integrations tests Focus on data-driven decision making and learning by experimentation Python, Django, REACT, NODE, Python Script, HTML, CSS Database optimization Experienced in AWS – EC2, RDS, SES, S3 Familiarity with Agile Methodology, Test-Driven Development and software design patterns 
ScrapedJobID1309:
Design, development, implementation, and testing of software applications, as well as the maintenance of existing applications Design database architecture, create/manage build scripts, and continuous documentation Continuous collaboration with team members in an Agile environment, as well as continuous research into up-and-coming, innovative technologies Degree/Diploma in Computer Science, Software/Computer Engineering, Data Science, Mathematics or equivalent 5+ years of software application development at the enterprise level using C++; additional experience with Java is a bonus 4+ years of relational database experience (MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, etc.) as well as build tools (Maven, Ant, Gradle, etc.) and REST API creation/integration Experience with Docker containerization, AWS cloud integration, big data solutions, and JavaScript web development are all considered assets Excellent verbal and written communication skills, and ability to work both in a team and autonomous (remote) environments 
ScrapedJobID1310:
Collaborate directly with, and as part of the development team Writing automated tests for our front and back end systems Identify where our testing gaps exist, and suggest solutions, including new frameworks and testing harnesses Champion quality across the organization, and help other developers improve their approach to quality Contribute to the strategy of our software development initiatives Participating in our agile process by being an active contributor in daily standups and bi-weekly sprint kick-offs and retrospectives You are a software developer with the automate-first mindset (Typescript, Ruby, Java, etc.) You have experience with continuous testing and have developed scripts to simplify aspects of the QA process You have automation experience testing web applications (Selenium, WebdriverIO, JUnit, Cypress, etc.) You understand how to test back-end web services using contract tests, API tests, etc. You have done performance testing and are familiar with its tooling (K6, jMeter, etc.) You understand the concept of CI/CD and the popular continuous integration systems (Jenkins, Github Actions, etc.) You are familiar with AWS technology and have a strong empathy for DevOps (Kubernetes, lambda, docker, CloudWatch etc.) You understand the challenges developers face, and aim to collaboratively address issues in order to move quickly and with confidence You're excited to be a catalyst for continuous improvement A remote friendly office with flexible hours - for this role we will consider all applications from those based in Canada with the option to work from our Vancouver office 4 weeks vacation plus Christmas Holiday Closure - you're entitled to the week of Christmas off with pay through to and including Jan 1st Vacation bonus - $1,000.00 12 Personal Wellness Days (This includes: Personal day, Moving day, Sick day, etc) Health and Wellness budget - $500.00 Networking budget - $500.00 A paid day off for your birthday One paid Volunteer day per year All Unbouncers are encouraged to dedicate 10% of their time to Pro-D time 
ScrapedJobID1311:
Collaborate with internal business units to understand business goals & objectives Provide task estimates adjusted for complexity schedules and engineer skill levels Works with the team to break out stories and assigns to team members Defines quality software solutions mindful of performance, scalability and re-usability, in concert with our Enterprise Architect Establish best practices and an architectural roadmap, working closely with our Enterprise Architect & Engineering Leads Investigate and resolve system issues Monitors progress, identifying potential impediments and bottlenecks; steering the course so commitments are met and projects remain on track Experience using Java 8+ or GoLang. Experience working with distributed systems and microservices. Proficient with RESTful APIs and understanding HTTP request methods and response status codes and when to apply them. Solid understanding of good code architecture, design and testing best practices. Understand the value of documentation and design then code approach. Some development experience with front-end applications is an asset. University Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent knowledge/experience Excellent written and oral communication skills Awarded - Canada's Best Managed Companies — 2009-2014 Awarded - Deloitte Technology Fast 50 Leadership Award— 2015 Ranked - Deloitte Technology Fast 50 — 2010-2014 Ranked - Deloitte Technology Fast 500 — 2011-2014 Ranked - Branham 300 — 2010-2015 
ScrapedJobID1312:

ScrapedJobID1313:
Build tools and technology for the unique problems of inventory management, logistics, and order fulfillment Create new and innovative systems alongside streamlining and optimizing current processes Experience working in the latest technology, a ubiquitous culture based upon data, and a team of dedicated team members ready to collaborate Build software tools for better reporting and telemetry on our warehouse processes Build tools that support our operations and logistics teams to efficiently sort, pick, pack, and ship orders Contribute to solutions that aid in the tracking and retrieval of hundreds of thousands of consigned items across multiple warehouses 5+ Years experience in a Software Engineering role Strong understanding of building production-ready web applications and systems Fluency with any of Ruby, Elixir, Erlang Strong understanding of web-app performance fundamentals and related dev tools Mastery of git and Github workflows Bachelor of Computer Science degree or equivalent experience Experience building Operations and Logistics applications Strong understanding of web technologies: HTML5, Javascript, CSS/SASS, REST, JSON Experience with GraphQL Experience with Kafka Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID1314:
The Programmer Analyst Advisory is a senior position on the Small Business Banking Technology team responsible for ideation support, design, development, and implementation of software to ensure continuous improvement and evolution in the Small Business Banking Technology ecosystem. Partner with both the client and the business team to develop high quality deliverables across all phases of a project, from participating in the requirements, design and build phases; delivering high-quality deliverables, through to user acceptance testing. Leverage your industry expertise to consult and influence the client's direction, in the pursuit of Full Stack Development best practices. Demonstrate your commitment to and enthusiasm for customer success by ensuring that the delivered product is fully-functioning, performs to business requirements defined and approved by the client, and meets or exceeds expectations. Mentor and train client business stakeholders in key Full Stack Development technology. Provide technical training and user support to technical and business groups. You have experience with REST API design You have experience working with authenticated, customer focused applications You have worked on productionizing Java Spring boot application You have a deep knowledge of HTML/JS / CSS / SASS (BEM, OOCSS, SMACSS, CSS3 Animations, Semantic HTML). experience with at least one modern JS framework, preferably React You’ve used modern JS toolsets (ES6+, Webpack, Babel, Jest, Protractor) You’ve built accessible and internationalized eb applications before (JAWS, Voiceover, Transifex). You stay up to date with industry best practice Cloud Foundry (PCF) or other applicable cloud services In depth knowledge of programming languages, frameworks, utilities, and other technologies used by the team Excellent communication skills with ability to influence decision making across stakeholders Excellent communication skills with ability to influence decision making across stakeholders Demonstrated ability to lead team members with differing opinions and levels of experience Project management skills to map and execute short and long term plans for the team Effective organization, planning, and time management skills Working knowledge of SQL Database We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity, curiosity, and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create beautiful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world Dress codes don't apply here, being comfortable does We offer a competitive total rewards package that includes a base salary, a performance bonus, company matching programs (on pension & profit sharing), generous vacation, personal & sick days, personal development funding, maternity leave top-up, parental leave and much more. 
ScrapedJobID1315:

ScrapedJobID1316:
Design and implement great features and high-quality code Contribute to the design, implementation, and scaling of our cloud-based machine Basic knowledge and strong interest in Machine learning, Deep learning, and data Collaborate with a team of developers, researcher, and data scientists to implement Work closely with the engineering, assurance quality and product teams Bachelor or master’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or similar Minimum of 5 years of relevant experience designing and developing scalable Experience of building scalable backend systems using micro-services/cloud Experience designing and building REST APIs that supports many clients Proficiency in a Linux environment Knowledge and experience with Python and the Scientific Python stack (numpy, scipy, SQL and NoSQL databases experience Familiar with Web API documentation and modeling tools such as Swagger/OpenAPI Familiar with cloud technologies and platforms such as: Docker, Kafka, Spark, MQTT, Fluent in English since you will participate in our agile software process (scrum, sprint Familiarity with agile development and tools such as JIRA Experience with IoT services Familiar with startup environments The opportunity to join an innovative team focused on one objective: to become the A user-oriented team that lets you learn, innovate and share The chance to make a difference within a fast-paced organization Being an active participant in the growth of a Montreal-based AI start-up An employee stock option plan. Concevoir et mettre en œuvre d'excellentes fonctionnalités et un code de haute qualité Contribuer à la conception, à la mise en œuvre et à la mise à l'échelle de notre machine basée sur le cloud Connaissances de base et intérêt marqué pour l'apprentissage automatique, l'apprentissage en profondeur et les données Collaborer avec une équipe de développeurs, de chercheurs et de scientifiques des données pour mettre en œuvre Travailler en étroite collaboration avec les équipes d'ingénierie, d'assurance qualité et de produit Baccalauréat ou maîtrise en informatique, génie logiciel ou similaire Minimum de 5 ans d'expérience pertinente dans la conception et le développement évolutif Expérience de la création de systèmes backend évolutifs à l'aide de micro-services/cloud Expérience de la conception et de la création d'API REST prenant en charge de nombreux clients Maîtrise d'un environnement Linux Connaissance et expérience avec Python et la pile scientifique Python (numpy, scipy, Expérience des bases de données SQL et NoSQL Familiarité avec la documentation de l'API Web et les outils de modélisation tels que Swagger/OpenAPI Familiarité avec les technologies et plateformes cloud telles que : Docker, Kafka, Spark, MQTT, Anglais courant puisque vous participerez à notre processus logiciel agile (scrum, sprint Familiarité avec le développement agile et les outils tels que JIRA Expérience avec les services IoT Familier avec les environnements de démarrage L'opportunité de rejoindre une équipe innovante centrée sur un objectif : devenir le Une équipe orientée utilisateur qui vous permet d'apprendre, d'innover et de partager La chance de faire la différence au sein d'une organisation en évolution rapide Être un participant actif dans la croissance d'une start-up d'IA basée à Montréal Un plan d'options sur actions pour les employés. 
ScrapedJobID1317:
Development and maintaining of new and current frontend applications
HTML
CSS
React
Redux and Redux Sagas
Jest
ES2015+ JavaScript syntax HTML CSS React Redux and Redux Sagas Jest ES2015+ JavaScript syntax Reviewing and debugging code for quality, errors, security problems, scale and performance issues during development and in Production Work well within a team or independently Communicating with local and remote team members to provide assistance/guidance through various mediums
Slack/Skype
Support/Development tickets
Email
Online documentation Slack/Skype Support/Development tickets Email Online documentation Creation/Maintenance of technical wires, logical flow diagrams, test suites, data design diagrams/schema, and other forms of documentation. Be a trusted leader and mentor on the team 5+ Years professional web development 12+ months of React development with Redux experience Strong understanding of ES2015+ syntax as well as JavaScript in general, including DOM manipulation and the JavaScript object model Thorough understanding of React.js and its core principles Proficiency working with styled-components Familiarity with RESTful APIs Knowledge of modern authorization mechanisms, such as JSON Web Tokens Familiarity with modern front-end build pipelines and tools Experience with npm and using a “package.json” file Experience with unit testing
Jest
Enzyme Jest Enzyme Experience with various Debugging tools
Redux dev tools
Debugging in an IDE
Standard debugging tools in the browser:
Console tab
Network tab
React developer tools (browser plugin) Redux dev tools Debugging in an IDE Standard debugging tools in the browser:
Console tab
Network tab
React developer tools (browser plugin) Console tab Network tab React developer tools (browser plugin) Experience with using version control tools; preferably Git Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements Can interpret Storyboards, Wireframes, Visual mockups, and other Media elements Good written and verbal communication skills Comfortable communicating and actively participating on a Scrum Team
Strategic interpretation of business requirements, wires, and functional specs
Estimation and tasking, especially as part of regular refinement and planning ceremonies
Constructive collaboration with teams such as UX, Design, QA, and Product Strategic interpretation of business requirements, wires, and functional specs Estimation and tasking, especially as part of regular refinement and planning ceremonies Constructive collaboration with teams such as UX, Design, QA, and Product Solid independent time-management and organizational abilities Commitment to quality deliverables on set timelines; Lead a team of engineers in completion of deliverables Familiarity with Adobe Creative Suite and Sketch Knowledge of Charles/Fiddler proxy tools for debugging Proficiency with Angular Experience using Postman to work with APIs Experience with Sendgrid or similar email templating services Understanding of handlebars Familiarity with working with Rich media such as Video, Audio, animated assets Backend development experience with one of our platform languages.
Java
PHP
Python
Ruby
Go Java PHP Python Ruby Go Database experience with MySQL and/or Cassandra Experience with webpack. 
ScrapedJobID1318:

ScrapedJobID1319:

ScrapedJobID1320:
5+ years of Software Development experience Experience with .NET and .NET Core framework using C# Command of Software Development Life Cycle Practical knowledge of GIT Well-founded grasp of Microsoft SQL Server Able to move from quickly from draft mockups into various web languages A strong understanding of compatibility and cross-browser issues Solid understanding of API integration 
ScrapedJobID1321:
Maintain a significant knowledge, competence, and capability in web development, and you work efficiently with your fellow developers, QA, and product owners. Build general, tested code, and refactor as you go. You can plan quickly and test quickly - you know the plan will change. Own the components that you are building from initial design and architecture all the way to end where it will be put into production adding value to our customers Communicate and work efficiently with technical leads, software architects, cloud operations, and product owners to set expectations and identify risks and opportunities for the business Contribute as a member of a multi-disciplinary self-organizing Scrum team, including helping estimate work, performing code reviews, testing, problem-solving, and retrospecting to continually improve our effectiveness Minimum 5+ years of cloud development experience in a Backend or Full Stack role Experience with Python, RESTful APIs, Terraform, Azure and Kubernetes is considered a strong asset Experience with deploying and maintaining cloud-based systems, ideally including Microsoft Azure Experience with HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript; with a focus on React and Redux is considered an asset Experience interacting with a multidisciplinary team Confident oral and written communication skills in English Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to develop and build sustainable working relationships Team-oriented attitude and good conflict management skills Ability to manage your own workload effectively and to work efficiently alongside team members Balanced and informed approach to problem solving Tenacity, persistence and focus with the ability to prioritize between multiple tasks Ability to work in a quickly growing, fast paced, and constantly changing environment 
ScrapedJobID1322:
Flexible work schedule. Never have the feeling of being late again! Unlimited paid time off. Want a few extra vacation days for your overseas trip? No problem. Need to extend your weekend staycation? Just let us know! Birthday and work anniversary celebrations. We love to celebrate you! We'll gift you gift cards or dinner for these special occasions. We promise not to make you awkwardly stand there while we sing ?happy birthday? to you. Remote work options are available. Work where you work best (though this may vary on the type of role and responsibilities). Many of our team members are working from home 80-90% of the year (permanent work-from-home opportunities available). Drop-And-Go Offices are available. Prefer a change of scenery or tired of hearing your roommates daily 9 am Zoom calls? We have frequently sanitized, recently renovated, and pet-friendly offices in the GTA! Casual dress code in effect and come and go as you please! Free healthy snacks. Just let us know what snacks or coffee/tea keep you fueled, and we'll stock them for the kitchen. Office gym. Eat too many of those snacks? Our employee-only office gym at our head office in Mississauga is available for you 24/7. It's no Globo gym but it'll do! Paid time off to volunteer. Are you involved in a local non-profit or do you enjoy pro-bono consulting? Outgivers get paid time off to give back to the community. Recognition programs. Convert your daily or weekly peer-to-peer brownie points for gift cards, trips, food, and more! Lead team meetings, check in with your team of Junior to Intermediate Web Developers and support them as required. Work on actual development and coding of projects. Present updates to stakeholders and executives, make recommendations, and work in cross-functional teams. Implement architecture and strategy. Facilitate conversations that search for the best possible web development solutions and how to implement them with your team. Use your knowledge and skills in Node.js, Postgres, DevOps, AWS, and azure. You love being a Developer and mentor to Junior Devs. You have team leadership experience or a passion for leadership and a willingness to take on the managerial aspect of the role. You have strong listening and presentation skills and can lead stakeholder meetings to discuss progress, updates, and strategic brainstorming. You thrive under pressure and tight timelines, with an ability to shift priorities based on client or operational needs. You have experience working on "production-grade applications", so should have proven experience creating something that has already been deployed and has users. You should be proficient in Node.js, Postgres, DevOps, AWS, and azure. Exhibit our 4 core values. Our 4Gs - grit, growth, gratitude, and greatness - are what drive us all to keep growing and learning as Outgivers. Project management and/or eCommerce experience. A desire to work in an exciting, fast-paced, global company with remote team members around the world. 
ScrapedJobID1323:
Collaborate with stakeholders, understanding business opportunities, collecting relevant information, and bringing insights to their strategy. Develop backend applications (with Python or Java), and frontend web applications (React). Fixing bugs and provide required support. Work on improvements for business products. Bachelor"s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related. At least 2-3 years of experience in the field. Experience working on end-to-end full-stack applications Proficient in Python or Java, and web development. Experience with relational databases and document stores. Attention to detail. Great communication skills and willingness to learn. Contact with Linux with version control. Cloud experience on Google Cloud or AWS. Containerization in Docker or Kubernetes. Experience with highly available distributed systems Collaborer avec les parties prenantes, comprendre les opportunités commerciales, collecter les informations pertinentes et apporter des informations à leur stratégie. Développer des applications backend (avec Python ou Java), et des applications web frontend (React). Corriger les bugs et fournir le support requis. Travailler sur des améliorations pour les produits d'affaires. Baccalauréat en informatique, en génie ou dans un domaine connexe. Au moins 2-3 ans d'expérience dans le domaine. Expérience de travail sur des applications full-stack de bout en bout. Maîtrise de Python ou Java, et du développement web. Expérience avec les bases de données relationnelles et les magasins de documents. Souci du détail. Excellentes capacités de communication et volonté d'apprendre. Contact avec Linux avec contrôle de version. Expérience cloud sur Google Cloud ou AWS. Conteneurisation dans Docker ou Kubernetes. Expérience avec des systèmes distribués hautement disponibles 
ScrapedJobID1324:
B.S. degree or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or similar field 6+ years of test automation experience in both back-end/API and front-end/UI environments Strong coding ability within a test automation capacity, ideally using Java Experience with NoSQL/big data tools such as Cassandra, Solr, MongoDB, Hadoop, Kafka, Elasticsearch, etc. Experience with both private and public cloud, SaaS-based solutions, and multi-threaded programming, web service API development, etc. Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
ScrapedJobID1325:
You will be designing, building and shipping distributed systems on managed services on AWS. We use Lambda, Kinesis and DynamoDB as our core technologies. We have some legacy systems in Rails. Build and maintain complex systems written in Javascript/Typescript. We predominantly author new UIs with React/Redux/Typescript/GraphQL/etc but have parts of our system using different technology including jQuery and RxJS You will be participating in kind, and thoughtful code reviews to encourage better software, while supporting your team's knowledge growth. You'll be mentoring and coaching people in your team. You will default to collaborating and pair-programming with teammates, in order to solve problems at hand. You will ensure that your team strikes a good balance between testing coverage and development speed, and will be advocating for test-driven development. You will be ensuring to learn about best practices and industry standards, and applying them at Unbounce to improve how we build and ship software. You have extensive experience (4 - 6 years) with the full software development lifecycle - from ideation through to operating backend production services, with an understanding of how applications are deployed across environments You are a proven technical leader with foundations of big-picture thinking who can effectively manage trade-offs, balance technical complexities with functional requirements, and clearly articulate them to a wider audience You have a successful track record to drive technical excellence from those around them, mentoring and coaching to foster the growth of others You have experience using NodeJs with Typescript, or Javascript, to build scalable and maintainable software. You can debug NodeJS servers, and React/GraphQL applications effectively. Experience with debugging JVM-based applications is a plus. You have a passion for teamwork and collaboration knowing that the best success are ones accomplished as a team A remote friendly office with flexible hours - for this role we will consider all applications from those based in Canada with the option to work from our Vancouver office 4 weeks vacation plus Christmas Holiday Closure - you're entitled to the week of Christmas off with pay through to and including Jan 1st Vacation bonus - $1,000.00 12 Personal Wellness Days (This includes: Personal day, Moving day, Sick day, etc) Health and Wellness budget - $500.00 Networking budget - $500.00 A paid day off for your birthday One paid Volunteer day per year All Unbouncers are encouraged to dedicate 10% of their time to Pro-D time 
ScrapedJobID1326:
Responsible for the design, development, unit testing, systems testing, release, deployment and maintenance of custom built Java web-applications to meet established client and system requirements Work closely with clients, and cross-functional team members to understand business and technical requirements that drive the analysis and design of technical solutions Provide client support and consultation for development, integration as well as advice in areas of expertise Perform unit-level testing of system components and fix bugs Develop and review supporting technical specifications, design and documentations to ensure completeness Provide code maintenance and support across testing / validation cycles and post-production deployment Participate in user training and demonstrations of the web application products on an as-needed basis Support project estimating / planning processes. Ensure adherence to system development life cycle standards Participate in the evaluation, implementation, and documentation of existing and new web-based business solutions Contribute to the architectural design and development of a modern, strategic web-based application infrastructure Implementation of improved encryption standards for communications to and from secure server applications, optimize web security infrastructure for user authentication and authorization to controlled components Adhere to software development process frameworks and tools (including change control, quality assurance procedures) using leading practices, design patterns, and methodologies Perform database design, modeling, and database maintenance Identify and implement security measures for internet applications infrastructure Perform system validation requirements and procedures for web application M.Sc. in Computer Science, Mathematics or related fields Eight or more years of experience in relevant field Architecting re-usable and extendable web based solutions Understanding and applying J2EE security, Concurrency, Transactions, Session Management, J2EE Patterns, and Frameworks to application solutions Broad experience with various computing platforms (Unix and Windows) Experience with Architecture and Design patterns Experience with component-based development Requirements gathering and analysis Software development frameworks and methodologies, including SDLC, Waterfall, and Agile delivery methods 
ScrapedJobID1327:
You want to contribute technologically to the reduction of worldwide carbon emissions You want to help build a distributed power generation network You want to interact with a modern tech stack You want to contribute to the adoption of our end user applications You will have significant responsibility and influence in shaping the applications you build. We are looking for someone to iterate quickly on all stages from development to production, including bringing new products to market. Ability to execute front end and back end development throughout the entire development process. Driving continuous improvements from leveraging modern tools and frameworks that enables us to release more frequently. Successful candidates will have strong engineering skills and communication, and a belief that data driven processes lead to great products. You will need to have a passion for quality and an ability to understand complex systems. Above all you should be passionate about solving real world problems, and brining value to the applications you create. Implement web applications that meet market needs and are easily extended with evolving business needs – front end and back end development Review project ideas and provide technology input, prescribing appropriate application solutions, which balance business requirements with Generac’s technology standards to arrive at the optimal solution. Maintain technical expertise in emerging technical trends. Write user and technical specifications in line with business needs. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field 5+ years software engineering experience including 3+ years experience programming in Java 3+ years experience as a JavaScript developer 2+ years experience with TypeScript and React.js / React Native and frameworks (such as Flux or Redux) Experience writing and debugging SQL queries Adept in building microservices using Java and developing REST APIs Knowledge of deploying applications in AWS ( S3, ECS, Lambda, etc ) Experience building scalable infrastructure software or distributed systems for commercial online services Experience with AWS services EC2, ECS, serverless computing, EBS, RDS, S3, IAM Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases Experience with JavaScript and building Single Page Apps Knowledge of CI/CD tools and processes; Git, Jenkins, Maven, CircleCI Comprehensive medical benefits Employer RRSP contribution matching Unlimited vacation (and we genuinely encourage you to use it) Work-from-home flexibility Spacious new office in the heart of downtown Vancouver 
ScrapedJobID1328:
Build tools and technology for the unique problems of inventory management, logistics, and order fulfillment Create new and innovative systems alongside streamlining and optimizing current processes Experience working in the latest technology, a ubiquitous culture based upon data, and a team of dedicated team members ready to collaborate Build software tools for better reporting and telemetry on our warehouse processes Build tools that support our operations and logistics teams to efficiently sort, pick, pack, and ship orders Contribute to solutions that aid in the tracking and retrieval of hundreds of thousands of consigned items across multiple warehouses 5+ Years experience in a Software Engineering role Strong understanding of building production-ready web applications and systems Fluency with any of Ruby, Elixir, Erlang Strong understanding of web-app performance fundamentals and related dev tools Mastery of git and Github workflows Bachelor of Computer Science degree or equivalent experience Experience building Operations and Logistics applications Strong understanding of web technologies: HTML5, Javascript, CSS/SASS, REST, JSON Experience with GraphQL Experience with Kafka Bonus pay Dental care Employee assistance program Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID1329:

ScrapedJobID1330:
Design and implement software solutions, leveraging the best development practices and testing strategies Participate in the design and architecture phases Contribute to the testing, deployment and monitoring of software components Contribute to the enhancement of the platform, operational processes and tools You will interact with developers co-located in an Agile environment, work in an open space and work with extremely talented people DevOps. We are committed to our practices and tools - CI/CD, containers, micro-services, Infra-As-Code. You will deal with a variety of cutting-edge software technologies that will shape how Bell is transforming the television market. Connect with people from different fields. You'll connect business vocabulary, product strategy and technical jargon A University degree in software/computer engineering, computer science A candidate with 1-5 years of software development Expert skills in an Object-Oriented language, preferably Java or C# Strong experience with unit testing, Test-Driven Development, code review, continuous integration, continuous delivery & DevOps practices. Excellent understanding of Object-Oriented principles, Design Patterns and software engineering best practices Experience with non-SQL databases (MongoDB) and real-time stream processing (Kafka). Good knowledge of web development technologies and protocols: HTTP, gRPC, RESTful services, Angular, Bootstrap You can quickly learn and adapt to new technologies, and you have a strong aptitude for innovation You are a team player who can define, establish and communicate their long term vision, who is adaptable to uncertain and changing needs You are a candidate with strong interpersonal, oral and written communication skills (A good sense of humor is a bonus!) You’re bilingual (French/English) Practical experience in Ansible, Go, Node.JS, Typescript ... Practical experience in Domain Driven Design Computer Security knowledge Strong IP networking skills Exposure to Agile methodologies (Scrum/Kanban) Ability to lead technical teams through design and implementation Experience with container environment: Docker, Docker Swarm, Kubernetes Extended health care 8 hour shift French: 10 years (preferred) Java Backend: 5 years (preferred) No 
ScrapedJobID1331:
A collaborative, transparent, and engaging culture, working with awesome technology! Competitive salary and performance-based variable compensation Paid Professional Development time Plenty of vacation and personal days Flexible work options Lucrative employee referral program Employee benefits including RRSP matching and WorkPerks (corporate discounts on travel, fitness Vibrant social crew to organize team events, fundraising, and community initiatives Endless opportunities to learn and grow Fully equipped gym facilities Rec room with pool table, foosball, and video games 
ScrapedJobID1332:

ScrapedJobID1333:
Implement UI web applications via hands on ReactJS coding, and coding of automated unit and integration tests of components Understand the user stories assigned to your team, help manage and resolve or escalate issues faced by your team, and understand the progress of your team so you can represent them in higher-level status updates and discussions (e.g. Biweekly Program Reviews and Weekly Scrum of Scrums) Provide oversight, coaching and guidance to other Software Developers on designing and building ReactJS components and UI applications Perform code reviews for the code written by your team, promoting UI best practices and coding standards for the implementation of clean JavaScript/ES6 code and ReactJS components Collaborate with UI Architect to follow best practices for project’s code organization and data architecture, and the design of clean, reusable components Leverage components and applications applying UI design patterns, clean interface principles, and compliance standards Work closely with the Product Owner, Product Manager, UI Architect and UI/UX Designers to develop screens and screen flows that meet their requirements Occasionally design and develop RESTful APIs to help implement or improve UI features as necessary Provide performance testing inputs, improvement analysis and suggestions Help to implement POC systems/demoes as required for products Analyze the wider implication of changes and enhancements Work closely with the Sales team to assist with presentations, demos, etc. Help troubleshoot development and production problems as needed Actively participate in Agile scrum and SAFe ceremonies 
ScrapedJobID1334:
5+ years of Software Development experience Experience with .NET and .NET Core framework using C# Command of Software Development Life Cycle Practical knowledge of GIT Well-founded grasp of Microsoft SQL Server Able to move from quickly from draft mockups into various web languages A strong understanding of compatibility and cross-browser issues Solid understanding of API integration 
ScrapedJobID1335:
Work with one of Canada's "Top 100 Employers," with possibility of extension or permanent placement. Work Location: Calgary Office Term (start and end date): December 6, 2021 until December 2, 2022 Schedule: Standard 5x2, 40 hour work week Competitive Compensation and Benefits. Representation by an award-winning staffing agency that takes pride in our personalized approach to staffing, ensuring you are a valued member of the team - not just a number. Assist in setting data visualization goals and deliverables based on the established success criteria and metrics as defined for the solution Educate clients on data visualization methods and techniques to enhance business decision-making capability Develop User Interface (UI) to receive information input from business users into a relational database and non-relational management systems Apply information architecture, interactive visual design, quantitative analysis and qualitative user research to create UI for an informed User Experience (UX) Design and execute performance tests of front-end applications in a big data context Monitor, develop and operate (DevOps) the visualization(s) for existing analytic products Collaborate with ecosystem partners to provide the best fit technologies while expanding knowledge of current data analytics and visualization trends Research, establish guidance, and maintain documentation on data visualization tools and best practices to ensure design consistency for the best UX across the enterprise Mentor and coach less-experienced team members and clients on data visualization methods and techniques to enhance business decision-making capability. Manage a database/library of visuals and designs library built across analytical products Interface with other technology teams to extract, transform, and load data from a wide variety of data sources using multiple technologies Five years of progressive experience in a data visualization/development role A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Statistics or Mathematics, Information Management or a related technical discipline and equivalent work experience Experience and exposure to business data analysis for various domains, including the ability to rapid prototype visualizations and communicate them to the client Strong experience in Data Modeling, ELT/ETL Development, and Data Warehousing The ability to establish and apply data visualization best practices and graphical design principles Experience in UI/UX design and development Strong organizational skills; able to manage multiple stakeholders and track execution of all details of a program Exposure to Full stack (front-end user interface and application back-end) development experience Experience with one or more data visualization libraries, frameworks and tools Experience with one or more programming/web development language Experience with dashboard/reporting tools Experience in relational databases and writing SQL code No 
ScrapedJobID1336:
be a member of a tight knit department and become their inhouse Content Management System expert Research, design and recommend Drupal-based solutions Develop custom Drupal modules using a mixture of PHP and AngularJS Make alterations to purchased or off-the-shelf Drupal modules as necessary Develop, debug, test and deploy code based on the schedule and business priority Resolve issues with production code Make alterations to Drupal-based themes as necessary Collaborate with various stakeholders inside and outside of IT to develop great web-experiences for all audiences All other duties as required College diploma or university degree in the field of computer science, information systems or equivalent 3 to 5 years of front-end development experience, including responsive design 3 to 5 years of website development experience using Drupal, WordPress or other CMS Must have 3 to 5 years of front-end development in React.js Programming experience using PHP, Perl, Python and other common web-based development languages (.Net C# is a nice to have) Relational database programming experience using SQL Server, Oracle or MySQL with Stored Procedure Programming Expert knowledge of JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, HTML5, CSS. Strong knowledge of RESTful API design and usage for system integration Knowledge of integration technologies such as JSON and SOAP. Solid experience with Git, including branching, pull request, code review, etc. Experience debugging and rectifying issues with deployed code Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a fast-paced environment. Strong desire to learn and adapt to new technologies Strong organizational and estimation skills Experience with CI/CD (code deployment, pipelines, DevOps) Experience with Agile development Excellent written and oral communication skills. Excellent interpersonal skills. Ability to present ideas in business-friendly and user-friendly language. Exceptionally self-motivated and directed, with a hands-on approach. Keen attention to detail. Superior analytical, evaluative, and problem-solving abilities. Exceptional service orientation. 3 to 5 years of front-end development in React.js Programming experience using PHP, Perl, Python and other common web-based development languages (.Net C# is a nice to have) Knowledge of integration technologies such as JSON and SOAP. 
ScrapedJobID1337:
Minimum 5+ Years of software development and design experience University degree or college diploma in computer science or an equivalent combination of education and work experience Experience in Core Java, Servlets, Spring Framework and Maven Experience in established J2EE Application Servers, particularly in jBoss or Tomcat Experience in major RDBMS and exposure to writing complex queries, stored procedures and jobs, specifically in Oracle Should possess Analytical, Design, Architectural and documentation skills and able to solve challenging problems across SDLC be they technical, process or interpersonal Hands on experience in building both front-end web applications using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and back-end software using Java a plus Experience with Apache Struts a plus Hands on experience in developing, maintaining robust and maintainable software using CI/CD pipelines a plus Experience working in both Linux and windows host environments a plus Experience writing Financial and/or accounting platform related software a plus Experience developing automation test suites using Selenium and other test platforms a plus 
ScrapedJobID1338:
API design and development UI design and development Business logic development Thorough application testing Build, distribution, and integration support Java/Kotlin, Swift, Objective-C, C, C++ Current knowledge with either Android or iOS programming (or both!) Experience building and designing highly scalable solutions Experience with open source or research projects Experience with automated unit and integration testing Security algorithms and protocols Startup experience Version control (Git, Gerrit) Development on Mac machines B.Sc. or M.Sc. in computer science or related field Strong (>3 years) experience in mobile development with exposure to both UI and system-level development in a professional team environment And/Or, strong (>5 years) server-side or web development experience, motivated to switch to mobile development Able to architect and develop robust, maintainable systems, not just hack together code for one-off projects Strong desire to learn and work with new mobile technologies and architectures Passionate about your work and creating quality solutions Agile development experience Strong team player All applicants must be legal to work in Canada Unlimietd Vacation Time !! Stock Options 
ScrapedJobID1339:
Post-secondary degree in Computer Science (or related) and 5+ years OSS/BSS development experience Experience and strong knowledge of Pro*C Experience and strong knowledge of PL/SQL Experience and strong knowledge of Oracle Forms Experience and strong knowledge of Unix/Linux Unit Testing experience Strong oral and written communication skills Ability to apply creative thinking to technology issues Team player with great communication and interpersonal skills Intellectually curious with innovative and creative problem-solving skills Well organized and able to work under deadlines and multiple projects Highly motivated self-starter with demonstrated initiative and the ability to work well with minimal supervision Able to work effectively and productively with other developers, system integrators and teams across Ligado Someone who understands the importance of documentation and process Experience evaluating COTS solutions Experience developing web applications using HTML & JavaScript Virtualization (Cloud, VMware, AWS) Experience with the any of the following Applications: ServiceNow, SharePoint & Smartsheet 
ScrapedJobID1340:
Collaborate directly with, and as part of the development team Writing automated tests for our front and back end systems Identify where our testing gaps exist, and suggest solutions, including new frameworks and testing harnesses Champion quality across the organization, and help other developers improve their approach to quality Contribute to the strategy of our software development initiatives Participating in our agile process by being an active contributor in daily standups and bi-weekly sprint kick-offs and retrospectives You are a software developer with the automate-first mindset (Typescript, Ruby, Java, etc.) You have experience with continuous testing and have developed scripts to simplify aspects of the QA process You have automation experience testing web applications (Selenium, WebdriverIO, JUnit, Cypress, etc.) You understand how to test back-end web services using contract tests, API tests, etc. You have done performance testing and are familiar with its tooling (K6, jMeter, etc.) You understand the concept of CI/CD and the popular continuous integration systems (Jenkins, Github Actions, etc.) You are familiar with AWS technology and have a strong empathy for DevOps (Kubernetes, lambda, docker, CloudWatch etc.) You understand the challenges developers face, and aim to collaboratively address issues in order to move quickly and with confidence You're excited to be a catalyst for continuous improvement A remote friendly office with flexible hours - for this role we will consider all applications from those based in Canada with the option to work from our Vancouver office 4 weeks vacation plus Christmas Holiday Closure - you're entitled to the week of Christmas off with pay through to and including Jan 1st Vacation bonus - $1,000.00 12 Personal Wellness Days (This includes: Personal day, Moving day, Sick day, etc) Health and Wellness budget - $500.00 Networking budget - $500.00 A paid day off for your birthday One paid Volunteer day per year All Unbouncers are encouraged to dedicate 10% of their time to Pro-D time 
ScrapedJobID1341:
We're building a Kubernetes-native SaaS business that lives in the cloud. Our event-driven platform is underpinned with proven infrastructure technologies like Kafka, Postgres, and NoSQL storage. Our web UI uses modern technologies (like TypeScript, React, and GraphQL), and is always evolving to incorporate the best solutions for live, real-time interactions, that puts user experience first. Java and Spring-Boot have been a faithful workhorse powering our application. We're strongly committed to moving our code-base into the functional programming paradigm, introducing Scala superpowers, and making use of modern libraries and tooling. Build the next-generation of Statflo software with a collaborative and supportive team. Work in an agile environment with teammates in all types of roles. Build maintainable and understandable code. Share knowledge about what you've learned and built, and the challenges you've encountered, during our technology team get-togethers. Level-up everyone around you. Absorb the collective brilliance of your team. Bring our code and technologies to the next level! You have engineering experience in Scala or Java. A good understanding of web applications; Typescript and React, or other modern frameworks. You have experience using relational and NoSQL databases (column-oriented, graph, or other). Experience with API/micro-services design. Experience with deploying into and working directly with Kubernetes. Disciplined in your use of testing and automated deployment. You use, or are passionate about learning, typed functional programming. You understand category-theoretic concepts, and know how to apply them in a practical and approachable manner. You have a sense of ownership and responsibility for the code you write. Effective communication and collaboration skills. You are eager to problem-solve and troubleshoot. 
ScrapedJobID1342:

ScrapedJobID1343:
Bonus pay Casual dress Company pension Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off RRSP match Vision care Work from home 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1344:
Development of Windows Azure Cloud projects. Implement Industry best practices in design, coding and ensure Quality. Work closely with other software and hardware engineers to solve design issues. Responsible for Coding, Bug Fixing, Unit Testing, & Software Configuration. Interfacing software applications with other devices and control systems. Providing relevant documentation. Assist team(s) in providing the right approach, coding & design standards. Perform peer code reviews to detect any anomalies during development. Take complete ownership of Development and maintenance Needs to have a good exposure to Frontend development. Developing javascript based functions and UI elements using SVG, Images etc Microsoft Azure , ASP .NET, C# ,Full Stack Developer, JavaScript(Any framework) Monday to Friday Full Stack Developer: 6 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1345:

ScrapedJobID1346:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 6-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Security training and outreach to internal development teams Documenting security guidance and standards Security tool development Security metrics delivery and driving improvement Based out of the Seattle or Vancouver SSCs Experience building tools and processes to reliably identify security issues and logic flaws across large code bases Understanding of security challenges in service architectures or large distributed systems Expertise with web application security best practices Working experience one or more programming languages: Java, Python, JavaScript, preferred Experience communicating security concerns and issues to non-technical audiences • An understanding of AWS cloud services and concepts such as S3, EC2, Lambda, and VPC • Experience with common web application testing tools for IAST, DAST and SAST, and analysis tools Exposure to E-commerce / Web Content Management System platforms (Like Salesforce Commerce cloud, ATG, AEM) Exposure security analysis and best practice recommendation in micro service landscape. Program Management experience Working knowledge in Jira Bug Bounty program experience Agile software development experience Cloudfare experience 
ScrapedJobID1347:
Development of the website, which may include creating and testing templates for a Content Management System, coding backend tools and utilities Contribute creative, effective ways to display web content in accordance with marketing communication strategies Contribute web expertise to current enterprise-wide CRM/Sales project, including shopping cart functionality and integration capabilities with other key areas, such as finance Identify opportunities for continuous improvement and growth of websites, such as the creation of new pages, changes to the content of existing pages, and link building from relevant websites and partners Stay up-to-date on the latest trends in web design and development to provide recommendations regarding how they can be implemented to Pink Elephant’s website for continuously improving online presence Follow secure code best practices and assist with vulnerability assessments and risk analysis Audit website for weaknesses in all areas such as design, navigation, mobile-friendliness, broken links and other technical errors; make recommendations for change based on best practices Performs requirements and systems analysis for new and existing websites and web applications Developing full-stack business application code that is easily maintainable, highly reliable, and demonstrates knowledge of programming best practices Programs, tests, and implements new and existing websites and web applications Performs post-implementation analysis and documentation for new and existing websites and web applications Integrates web applications with various external APIs and web services and internal business applications Follows secure code best practices including vulnerability assessments and risk analysis Develops reports, SQL queries to extract database information Contributes to the design of new and existing websites and web applications Actively contributes to major projects with changing priorities and schedules, completing assigned tasks in a timely manner Coordinate internal resources and third parties/vendors allocated to projects Ensure project outcomes are aligned with defined requirements Maintain project plans and track progress Perform risk management to minimize project risks Create and maintain project documentation Report and escalate to management as needed Responds to customer inquiries in a timely manner, take all appropriate steps to resolve issues as quickly as possible Keeps customer perspective in mind when developing new functionalities Explains technical matters and programming issues in a manner that can be understood by non-technical people Post-secondary degree/diploma in computer science, computer engineering, systems analysis, computer programming or a related field 7+ years of related experience in advanced roles developing and supporting websites, web applications including shopping carts, customer databases, learning management systems, financial systems Experience working in a team environment Experience working with Microsoft and UNIX VM environments Thorough understanding of the .NET framework Demonstrated abilities with the following web applications: HTML, JavaScript, CSS Programming knowledge and experience with: PHP, ASP, SQL, .NET, C# Microsoft .NET (2.0/3.5), AJAX, ASP.NET, MVC is an asset Experience transforming UX designs and specifications to implementation Relational database management experience is required (SQL Server, MySQL database) Understanding and experience with the configuration of content management systems (CMS) and document management systems is a must) Excellent organization and time management skills to multi-task and prioritize effectively Strong written and oral communication skills Initiative/innovation focus on proactively identifying and addressing issues and seeks opportunities for continuous improvement Solid understanding of business objectives and processes and how technology can be leveraged to deliver business results; Strong results orientation; driven to deliver a high quality work product in a timely manner Teamwork and collaboration; able to work both independently and as part of a team, keeping key stakeholders informed Adaptable to changing and sometimes conflicting priorities, identifying and prioritizing critical organizational and project tasks Self-starter, collaborative, enthusiastic, able to work with minimal supervision Ability to develop and maintain strong relationships with multiple stakeholders Ability to work in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment Understand and comfortable in performing at all levels from administrative to complex tasks 
ScrapedJobID1348:
3+ years working with React. 3+ years working with NodeJS. 5+ years in javascript/typescript development. Good experience with unit testing frameworks in React and NodeJS. Experience working on high traffic websites. Experience with collaboration tools such as JIRA and Confluence. Some knowledge of RESTful API principles. Experience with NestJs. Experience with Google Cloud Platform. Self-motivated with strong team spirit. Strong work ethic. Ability to work independently with little supervision as well as ability to coordinate and collaborate within a team. Excellent multi-tasking skills. Ability to communicate well to both technical and non-technical staff. Excellent knowledge of pure JavaScript. Excellent knowledge of REST principles and API architecture. Extensive experience with HTML 5, CSS 3 and responsive web development. Knowledge and practical experience with agile methodologies, particularly SCRUM. Good cross-browser and cross-device development experience. Good awareness of best practice user interface design principles. Excellent communication skills - verbal and written. Building JavaScript SPAs using React. Building supporting NodeJS+NestJs backends with integration with other external APIs and Google Cloud Platform. Hands on responsive web development using HTML5 and CSS. Designing and implementing unit tests to validate the functionality is implemented correctly. Managing and improving current sites in line with changing business requirements. Assist in defining software architecture and user interface design approaches. Implementing accurate and reliable code in time according to specification to deliver needed functionality. Remain current to Web sites and mobile trends in design and technology. Someone with passion for creating efficient and effective UIs for an enterprise-level SaaS platform and has a high standard of quality in that regard. Working in a fast-paced organization using Agile/Scrum methodology to deliver excellent solutions for our demanding customer service and operations requirements. 
ScrapedJobID1349:
be a member of a tight knit department and become their inhouse Content Management System expert Research, design and recommend Drupal-based solutions Develop custom Drupal modules using a mixture of PHP and AngularJS Make alterations to purchased or off-the-shelf Drupal modules as necessary Develop, debug, test and deploy code based on the schedule and business priority Resolve issues with production code Make alterations to Drupal-based themes as necessary Collaborate with various stakeholders inside and outside of IT to develop great web-experiences for all audiences All other duties as required College diploma or university degree in the field of computer science, information systems or equivalent 3 to 5 years of front-end development experience, including responsive design 3 to 5 years of website development experience using Drupal, WordPress or other CMS Must have 3 to 5 years of front-end development in React.js Programming experience using PHP, Perl, Python and other common web-based development languages (.Net C# is a nice to have) Relational database programming experience using SQL Server, Oracle or MySQL with Stored Procedure Programming Expert knowledge of JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, HTML5, CSS. Strong knowledge of RESTful API design and usage for system integration Knowledge of integration technologies such as JSON and SOAP. Solid experience with Git, including branching, pull request, code review, etc. Experience debugging and rectifying issues with deployed code Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a fast-paced environment. Strong desire to learn and adapt to new technologies Strong organizational and estimation skills Experience with CI/CD (code deployment, pipelines, DevOps) Experience with Agile development Excellent written and oral communication skills. Excellent interpersonal skills. Ability to present ideas in business-friendly and user-friendly language. Exceptionally self-motivated and directed, with a hands-on approach. Keen attention to detail. Superior analytical, evaluative, and problem-solving abilities. Exceptional service orientation. 3 to 5 years of front-end development in React.js Programming experience using PHP, Perl, Python and other common web-based development languages (.Net C# is a nice to have) Knowledge of integration technologies such as JSON and SOAP. 
ScrapedJobID1350:
JAVA 1.7/1.8 /J2EE, Spring MVC, HTML5, JQuery or ReactJS, Schema, SQL, Version Control System (RTC/GIT preferred), OOPS, and Hibernate. Agile methodology At least 7+ years experience in JAVA/J2EE development and Deployment experience At least 5 years experience in Angular/Node.js, HTML5/Spring MVC/JSP/JQuery or ReactJS, RESTful Services, CI/CD Pipeline Experience in WebServices or Microservices Very good knowledge of the development life-cycle and to have practical experience with Agile framework; Knowledge of: SOAP Web Services or developing Microservices using SpringBoot, XML, XML Schema, JAX, Design patterns, OOAD. Proven record of work experience in large, geographically distributed teams; Experience in task assignment and coaching for junior programmers; Good skills for time and task management are required; Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1351:

ScrapedJobID1352:
Collaborate with stakeholders, understanding business opportunities, collecting relevant information, and bringing insights to their strategy. Develop backend applications (with Python or Java), and frontend web applications (React). Fixing bugs and provide required support. Work on improvements for business products. Bachelor"s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related. At least 2-3 years of experience in the field. Experience working on end-to-end full-stack applications Proficient in Python or Java, and web development. Experience with relational databases and document stores. Attention to detail. Great communication skills and willingness to learn. Contact with Linux with version control. Cloud experience on Google Cloud or AWS. Containerization in Docker or Kubernetes. Experience with highly available distributed systems Collaborer avec les parties prenantes, comprendre les opportunités commerciales, collecter les informations pertinentes et apporter des informations à leur stratégie. Développer des applications backend (avec Python ou Java), et des applications web frontend (React). Corriger les bugs et fournir le support requis. Travailler sur des améliorations pour les produits d'affaires. Baccalauréat en informatique, en génie ou dans un domaine connexe. Au moins 2-3 ans d'expérience dans le domaine. Expérience de travail sur des applications full-stack de bout en bout. Maîtrise de Python ou Java, et du développement web. Expérience avec les bases de données relationnelles et les magasins de documents. Souci du détail. Excellentes capacités de communication et volonté d'apprendre. Contact avec Linux avec contrôle de version. Expérience cloud sur Google Cloud ou AWS. Conteneurisation dans Docker ou Kubernetes. Expérience avec des systèmes distribués hautement disponibles 
ScrapedJobID1353:
Develop frontend UI components, using React, for key systems such as screen flow, menu architecture, event systems, match-making and lobby UI, and in-game 2D heads-up display Work closely with UI artists and designers to implement mockups as working components using CSS Interact with other engineers to improve the whole technical team and process Assess requirements and provide effort estimates to guide an evolving development plan Embrace and help improve our engineering practices for solid design, testing, and implementation 3+ years of proven web development experience with React. Experience with React Hooks Strong familiarity with CSS3 for layout and styling Self direction and a proven ability to thrive in a highly dynamic environment Strong interdisciplinary collaboration skills, including verbal and written skills Ability to work with an existing code base. Experience with Typescript Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent Understanding of modern C++ Experience shipping AAA games Demonstrated passion for games and technology Experience with Unity 3D, Unreal, or other similar full-featured game engine. 
ScrapedJobID1354:
5+ years of full software development lifecycle experience in the JavaScript ecosystem Significant experience with front-end web development specifically with React Adept at React State Management leveraging Redux 1+ year of professional experience spanning JQuery, Cypress, Puppeteer & Gherkin test frameworks 1+ year of experience leveraging a combination of: HTML5, CSS3/SASS, Jest, Enzyme, Mocha, MaterialUI API Driven design and development Solid analysis, documentation, and client-facing skills A strong curiosity about our clients' business needs coupled with a passion to stay on the cutting edge Consulting skills reflecting team building, flexibility, and customer service Demonstrated ability working in a geographically distributed onshore and offshore development team Ability to demonstrate skills in analysis, design, implementation, and development process Must currently reside in Canada and be eligible to work for any employer to apply (we exclusively hire direct salaried employees) Undergraduate Degree in Computer Science, Physics or Mathematics (Graduate Degree always is a plus) An Agile mindset with experience working in Agile environment A spirit of collaboration and transparent communication A natural curiosity for new scripting languages , frameworks and technologies High personal code/development standards (peer testing, unit testing, documentation, etc) 
ScrapedJobID1355:
Building responsive and dynamic websites for clients. Working as designers to implement visual interfaces. Designing and implementing new features and functionality. Establishing and guiding the website's architecture. Ensuring high-performance and availability and managing all technical aspects of the CMS. Helping formulate an effective responsive design and turning it into a working theme and plugin Possibility for some design if interested. Proficiency in Adobe Creative Cloud (Photoshop, Adobe XD) or similar platforms to wireframe designs for presentation. Understanding of Word press and builders. Understanding of current web standards, principles, and best practices with regards to digital marketing, display ads, and social media. Excellent understanding of front-end technologies, including HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery. Strong understanding of PHP back-end development. Experience building user interfaces for websites and/or web applications. Experience designing and developing responsive design websites. Ability to understand CSS changes and their ramifications to ensure consistent style across platforms and browsers. Ability to convert comprehensive layout and wireframes into working HTML pages. Proficiency in Word press, WooCommerce, Elementor. E-Commerce strategy or experience. Ability to clearly communicate ideas and collaborate at all levels. Photography and video editing skills a plus. 
ScrapedJobID1356:

ScrapedJobID1357:

ScrapedJobID1358:
Remote opportunity Fun collaborate team Competitive rates The enjoyment of working with a small and focused team Collaborative environment Work with the full application layers Working in an Agile environment 5+ years of web development experience in Python using Django Experience working with VueJS Experience working in a Posix environment like Linux and OS X Experience and comfortable using Git Experience with testing, TDD, and continuous integration Experience with database principles using ORM Knowledge user experience and user interface design Experience developing single page applications Experience with React and/or Angular Experience with HTML and CSS Experience with Docker and Kubernetes/OpenShift 
ScrapedJobID1359:
Implement UI web applications via hands on ReactJS coding, and coding of automated unit and integration tests of components Understand the user stories assigned to your team, help manage and resolve or escalate issues faced by your team, and understand the progress of your team so you can represent them in higher-level status updates and discussions (e.g. Biweekly Program Reviews and Weekly Scrum of Scrums) Provide oversight, coaching and guidance to other Software Developers on designing and building ReactJS components and UI applications Perform code reviews for the code written by your team, promoting UI best practices and coding standards for the implementation of clean JavaScript/ES6 code and ReactJS components Collaborate with UI Architect to follow best practices for project’s code organization and data architecture, and the design of clean, reusable components Leverage components and applications applying UI design patterns, clean interface principles, and compliance standards Work closely with the Product Owner, Product Manager, UI Architect and UI/UX Designers to develop screens and screen flows that meet their requirements Occasionally design and develop RESTful APIs to help implement or improve UI features as necessary Provide performance testing inputs, improvement analysis and suggestions Help to implement POC systems/demoes as required for products Analyze the wider implication of changes and enhancements Work closely with the Sales team to assist with presentations, demos, etc. Help troubleshoot development and production problems as needed Actively participate in Agile scrum and SAFe ceremonies 
ScrapedJobID1360:
Debugging the application. Working with the API and server team to implement necessary changes. Coding in PHP to resolve errors. Implement new features. Produce documentation to support the application. Provide updates at daily scrum meetings. Support the Web Services team with other development tasks as needed. PHP MySQL API integration Javascript/jQuery Git Strong debugging skills Strong documentation skills oAuth Linux / CLI based tools 
ScrapedJobID1361:
Quick learner with an ability to work with an unfamiliar codebase Strong attention to detail Effective communication skills Self-starter that is resourceful and creative Ability to work independently and as part of a team Bachelor’s in engineering, Computer Science, or equivalent 2+ Years developing with Angular 2+ Years developing with Redux pattern (NgRx) 2+ Years developing with Reactive pattern (RxJs) 2+ Years developing with ASP.NET Core 2+ Years developing with C# 2+ years experience with JavaScript 2+ years experience with HTML & CSS 2+ Years developing with SQL databases Microsoft Azure Developing front end website architecture Designing user interactions on web pages Developing back end website applications Creating cloud functionality Ensuring cross-platform optimization for mobile phones Ensuring responsiveness of applications Working alongside graphic designers for web design features See a project through from conception to completed Designing and developing API’s Meeting both technical and consumer needs Staying abreast of developments in web applications and programming languages You will work closely with experienced developers, real estate professionals, and founders who will coach you and develop your skillset. Extended Health care, Dental & Vision care, Life + Disability Insurance Wellness Program Paid Vacation Competitive Wages Offices in Ottawa & Toronto Work from home Casual Dress Flexible Schedule Company Events Casual dress Company events Dental care Disability insurance Extended health care Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Wellness program Work from home Yes 
ScrapedJobID1362:
A degree in information technology, or equivalent experience 3- 5 years of experience with Typescript A background in data visualization 3 + years with React 3+ years with MobX/Redux Experience with MapboxGL/Deck.gl/Nebula.gl Experience with Visx C#/.NET/ASP.NET Postgres/Timescale Docker/Docker Compose AWS experience Remote Permanent 
ScrapedJobID1363:

ScrapedJobID1364:
Utiliser les pratiques d’ingénierie Agile et divers logiciels et technologies de développement Web pour développer rapidement des solutions créatives et efficaces qui améliorent l’expérience des clients et des employés. Collaborer avec les autres membres de l’équipe pour créer des scénarios d’utilisateurs et des tests de conception clairs pour les prototypes et les produits, et afin d’offrir continuellement des améliorations de produits. Communiquer avec les équipes de TI au sujet des innovations numériques associées au fondement des systèmes de TI. Communiquer avec les partenaires commerciaux à propos des processus Agile pour établir et gérer les attentes relatives aux méthodes de livraison et aux échéanciers. Être un agent de changement et un promoteur de la mentalité agile Contribuer au milieu de travail collaboratif et stimulant Se garder à l’affût des nouvelles tendances et apporter des idées d’innovation Diplôme universitaire en informatique ou en génie logiciel Minimum 5 ans d’expérience en programmation en C # et .NET (4.7+ ou Core) Expérience et connaissance pratique de HTML / CSS et connaissance de Angular (versions 2 à 7), NGXS, Progressive Web App Connaissance pratique du développement sous Azure Solide connaissance des Microservices et expérience de leur développement Expérience d'utilisation de VSTS (Azure DevOps) est un atout Expérience des tests unitaires et des tests fonctionnels automatisés Passion pour le développement et une aptitude pour l'apprentissage continu Connaissance de l'intégration continue, de la livraison continue et du développement piloté par les tests Capacité démontrée à travailler et à prendre des décisions sans supervision Capacité à s'adapter rapidement aux évolutions technologiques et à évoluer dans un environnement de R & D Compétence en matière de planification et d’organisation, axée sur les résultats attitude de développement logiciel Use Agile engineering practices and various software and web development technologies to rapidly develop creative and efficient solutions that enhance the client customer and employee experience. Collaborate with other team members to craft clear user stories, design tests for prototypes and products, and continuously deliver product enhancements. Communicate with IT teams about any Digital innovations that are tying into bedrock IT systems. Communicate with business stakeholders about Agile processes to set and manage expectations about delivery methods and timelines. Be a change agent & Agile mindset promoter Contribute to the collaborative and stimulating work environment Be connected to the industry to know tendencies and suggest innovative ideas University degree in Software science or Software engineering Minimum 5 years’ experience programming in C# and .NET (4.7+ or Core) Experience and working knowledge of HTML/ CSS, and knowledge of Angular (versions 2-7), NGXS, Progressive Web App Working knowledge of development using Azure Strong knowledge of Microservices and experience developing them Experience using VSTS (Azure DevOps) is a plus Experience with unit testing and automated functional testing Passion for development and a demonstrated interest for continual learning Knowledge of continuous integration, continuous delivery and test-driven development Demonstrated ability to work and make decisions unsupervised Ability to adapt quickly to changes in technology and to operate in an R&D environment Result-oriented, strong planning and organizational skill Rigorous and creative software development attitude 
ScrapedJobID1365:
Work on development projects targeted to increase market share, support existing clients to help make them successful and continuously refine the existing platform to meet modern design methodologies. Work with talented, knowledge-driven individuals. We are a close-knit team that is eager for new ideas. We embrace sharing our own knowledge and enriching each other’s experiences. Focus on client success through creative problem-solving. Utilize and adopt open source technology where appropriate. 5-9 years of .Net development experience Must have hands-on experience in React and Redux JavaScript frameworks Software Development skills using C# along with JavaScript Familiar with REST APIs and single-page web application development Strong communication skills. Willingness to convey ideas in a collaborative environment Solid understanding of Software Design fundamentals Monday to Friday React: 2 years (preferred) Redux: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1366:
Working closely with engineering team, develop, maintain, and support company web applications Understanding application requirements and identifying key application features Collaborating with appropriate teams to set specifications for applications Design creative prototypes based on specifications Participate in regular team and project management meetings Keep up with the latest technologies and trends, with a goal to support continuous improvements Produce a high quality, low maintenance code that can be tested automatically and within deadlines Troubleshooting applications Write technical documentation on code you produce BA in Computer Science or Software Engineering preferred A minimum of 5 years of experience working as a Front-End developer Previous experience working in the oil & gas industry would be an asset Experience developing and using REST APIs Experience working on componentized and extensible web applications Experience with Angular, Typescript, JavaScript, HTML, and CSS Strong understanding of cookies, sessions, tokens, web sockets, and web components Experience working with javascript control libraries Experience working with Nx, NodeJs, and NPM Ability to troubleshoot and diagnose bugs using chrome developer tools Experience with ASP.NET Core and C# is preferable Willingness to take ownership and pride in your performance and its impact on company successes Excellent critical thinking and problem-solving skills Ability to be a team player as well as work independently Experience working with distributed virtual teams Strong organizational, planning and time management skills Strong attention to detail Excellent written and oral communication skills Competitive base salary Fantastic benefits package Career development and training opportunities 100% remote opportunity 
ScrapedJobID1367:

ScrapedJobID1368:
Provide expertise with application and database integration technologies, including solution and service-oriented architectures Follow Agile/Scrum Methodology: daily scrums, grooming, planning, retrospectives and project meetings as required Liaise with Product Management, DevOps and other project teams as required Work with the Product Management team to help in the gathering and documentation of requirements Working with an architecture team to create detailed Functional and Technical Specification designs Engage end-users and stakeholders during implementation Ability to quickly ramp up and apply new technologies and processes Enjoy working in a highly collaborative & dynamic team environment Strong debugging skills, to find the root cause of issues and resolve them 3-5 years of software development experience University degree in Computer Science, Programming, or equivalent education Self-learner and someone who is not afraid to embrace latest technologies Experience working in a diverse and multi-location company Proven ability to design software applications following object-oriented methodologies Demonstrated experience implementing solutions that are scalable and highly available based on industry best practices Software development experience in Java/J2EE and Spring eco-system (Core, MVC, Batch, Boot, etc…) Micro-services experience in implementation and API design Knowledgeable with data access technologies (Hibernate, OData, etc.) Experience with REST, especially with Java API for Restful Web Services, JSON data structures Experience with Git/Bamboo/Bitbucket Knowledgeable in Continuous Delivery practices Knowledge of Database SQL (MSSQL and Oracle, etc) Knowledge of Eclipse and/or IntelliJ Cloud experience: AWS, Azure, etc. .Net experience Angular/AngularJS & testing frameworks (Jasmine, Karma & Protractor) HTML markup language, HTML 5 related technologies Core CSS, CSS 3 (layout, box model, text effects, etc…) Core JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap Basic knowledge of UNIX/Linux Bonuses Insurance coverage as of Day One Paid vacation and personal days RRSP matching Personal Spending Account (PSA) A modern Continuous Performance Process approach A dynamic and engaged culture Open-concept workspace with spectacular views of the city! 
ScrapedJobID1369:
Provide expertise with application and database integration technologies, including solution and service-oriented architectures. Provide technical advice and weigh in on technical decisions that impact other teams or the company at large. Taking initiative to identify and solve important problems, making balanced trade-offs with respect to the whole system. Researching and proposing new technologies. Ability to demonstrate extensive ownership of different business modules and components. Follow Agile/Scrum Methodology: daily scrums, grooming, planning, retrospectives, and project meetings as required. Liaise with Product Management, DevOps and other project teams as required. Work with the Product Management team to help in the gathering and documentation of requirements. Quickly ramp up and apply any new technologies and processes. Enjoy working in a highly collaborative & dynamic team environment. Actively participate into code reviews and any technical sharing or collaborating interactions Proposing code improvements and usage of design patterns Have an agile and cloud mindset and be ready to use it. Debugging, doing root cause analysis on, or fixing any issues 5-8 years of software development experience in Java (developing Spring based applications) University degree in Computer Science, Programming, or equivalent education Self-learner and someone who is not afraid to embrace latest technologies. Proven ability to design software applications following object-oriented methodologies. Demonstrated experience implementing solutions that are scalable and highly available based on industry best practices. Software development experience in Java/J2EE and Spring eco-system (Core, MVC, Batch, Boot, etc.) Micro-services experience in implementation and API design Exposure to Cloud technologies: AWS, Azure, etc. Knowledgeable with data access technologies (Hibernate, OData, etc.) Experience with REST, especially with Java API for Restful Web Services, JSON data structures Experience with Git / Bamboo / Bitbucket / GitLab and working with CI/CD pipelines Knowledgeable in Continuous Delivery practices Knowledge of Database SQL (MSSQL and Oracle, etc.) Angular experience Testing frameworks experience (Jest, Jasmine, Cypress, Selenium) Static analysis code tools: SonarQube. Good knowledge of Linux and Bash Shell Scripting. .Net experience Bonuses Insurance coverage as of Day One Paid vacation and personal days RRSP matching Personal Spending Account (PSA) A modern Continuous Performance Process approach A dynamic and engaged culture Open-concept workspace with spectacular views of the city! 
ScrapedJobID1370:
Salaire et avantages concurrentiels Deux semaines de vacances au minimum offertes dès la première année Deux journées de congés volants la première année et une journée supplémentaire chaque année Une journée de congé à votre anniversaire Possibilité de participer au REER FTQ Assurances collectives dès le jour 1 Formation offerte et en continu; Ambiance de travail dynamique et amicale; Bureau fraîchement rénové au goût du jour; Activités de team building trimestrielles. Participer à la conception d’applications JavaScript en Front End à l’aide du framework Angular et de Typescript & Ionic Analyser et dépanner les problèmes de logiciels et fournir des solutions en utilisant les dernières technologies disponibles Tester les applications afin d’assurer la qualité des développements Créer et mettre à jour la documentation des différentes applications Participer à l’amélioration permanente des techniques de développement Ajouter ou modifier des fonctionnalités aux applications existantes Configurer, connecter et intégrer différents logiciels à l’aide d’API Avoir au moins trois ans d’expérience en programmation avec le framework Angular (Typescript) Avoir des connaissances scolaires, de projet ou professionnelles en PHP et MySQL Maîtrise de HTML et CSS Très bonne connaissance des REST API CRUD Connaitre le framework Ionic (c'est un ATOUT) ou avoir une volonté d'actualiser ses connaissances et ses compétences sur ce framework Connaissance avec les logiciels VCS, tel que GIT Aptitude marquée à estimer le temps alloué à un projet Forte compétence communicationnelle en français tant à l’oral qu’à l’écrit Un esprit vif et créatif Capacité à travailler rapidement et efficacement de façon individuelle et en équipe 
ScrapedJobID1371:
Our people work with the latest web-based technologies in a cross functional, multi-faceted organization You’ll get a challenging and rewarding environment, the opportunity to work with leading brands, collaboration with some of the brightest people in the industry, and to share in our mutual success. Our Agile environment gives you the chance to be part of an ever changing and evolving process. (We want to get better and you can help us get there.) We have a great culture, work environment and potential for professional growth. A company that is an industry disrupting Automotive Mobile Data & Analytics powerhouse in their space. And we’re really a fun group too! Experience with ASP.NET Core 2+, MVC, Entity Framework, and RabbitMQ Framework/Library experience (Angular 2+ and at least one other e.g. Vue.js, React) Experience with ASP .NET, Angular 2+, Javascript, CSS Strong understanding of .Net WebAPI, RESTful APIs development Experience with C# and Async technologies Knowledge of AWS technologies (eg.Lambda, EC2, S3, DynamoDB, API Gateway, CloudWatch) Knowledge of Microservices/ Terraform / CI/CD Pipeline Knowledge of SOAP services integration Experience using service-oriented architecture (SOA) and Web Service Development Knowledge of MS SQL Server, Database structures and design Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills Strong problem solving skills Experience working with agile scrum methodology Experience in Stencil, React, jQuery and Node.js Any experience in building web components is a big plus! Vast opportunities for growth Competitive compensation packages Comprehensive Training and Development support Engaging company events and team building Group health and dental benefits Employee Assistance Program Complimentary Parking Flexible work schedule for work-life balance 3 weeks paid vacation 
ScrapedJobID1372:
Understand internal client requirements and how they translate in application features Responsible for gathering functional requirements, gap analysis, functional specifications, testing, etc. Technical project support: implementation, solution testing, UAT and support for customer onboarding. Establish strong relationship with corporate teams and site functional teams. Collaborate with the IT team to set specifications for new applications Write high quality source code to program complete applications within deadlines Conduct functional and non-functional testing Troubleshoot and debug applications Evaluate existing applications to reprogram, update and add new features Develop technical documents and handbooks to accurately represent application design and code Proven experience as a software engineer or application developer A bachelor’s degree in a related field. Experience in designing and building applications Excellent understanding of software design and programming principles. A team player with excellent communication skills Ability to communicate highly technical information to both technical and non-technical personnel. Demonstrate strong analytical capabilities in the areas of order to cash, invoicing, procure to pay, inventory and inventory management, inventory control, planning, warehousing systems, supply chain and distribution Analytical thinking and problem-solving capability Quickly adapts to priority changes Dental care Extended health care On-site parking RRSP match Vision care Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1373:
Highly motivated and dynamic professionals Motivated designers with broad backgrounds and service mindset to be a consultant Professionals with ability to work both with in-house projects and on-site assignments at our customer’s locations Design, development and testing of software systems and components in an Agile (Scrum, Kanban) environment Performance analysis and optimization, bug fixing and maintenance Documentation of software designs and interfaces Provide direct input into engineering estimate for business development team Interface with external development teams to develop new features and resolve issues Utilize strong software development skills including design, development, testing, and communicating status to both internal and external customers. Mentoring less experienced team members and delivering results as a team Bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Information systems or any other training deemed equivalent Minimum 5 years of hands-on design experience in both front end & back end development for WEB applications Expert level experience with modern web technologies including ReactJS, Angular and Vue. Nice to have the experience on mobile development including but not limited to React Native, Flutter, Native Script. Experience with relational database and/or document-based database platforms. Experience with REST API services. Working knowledge of DevOps. Implementation of UI/UX with best practice. Reactive Programming skill and experience We can see that you have a love for project-based work and staying on top of your technical game Company Culture – outstanding people and a flexible work environment with lots of after work activities/groups! It’s so great, we even won an award for it! Work/Life Balance – 4 weeks holidays to start and work that stays at work! Career Growth Opportunities – being a design house keeps variety in your work. New opportunities happening all the time! Great Benefits – and, they start the same day you do… and, they include your family… and, the company matches your RRSP contributions! 
ScrapedJobID1374:
Help estimate effort of engineering tasks Ensure your code is well tested, programmatically and manually Develop any new features Participate in daily/weekly meetings Debug and fix production issues Work closely with other developers Promote best practices for software development and security Mentor and provide code review for other developers Research new technologies and actively contribute to systems design Test changes to our software to ensure a high level of quality Provide technical assistance to our customer success team You will be onboarded with the engineering team and meet your fellow team members and get a sense of how you will fit within the company You will be introduced to our applications and repos You will jump in right away and participate in code reviews You will understand the product roadmap and how your role is a part of this roadmap You are a part of our Pair Program with team members to build your skillset and knowledgebase You are confident and have already shipped your code to Production You have attended support team “ride alongs” You will have a clear understanding of the full breadth of our application and tech stack You are already leading the way with your team on a large project 6+ years of professional experience as a back-end developer Key skills in building high-reliability Python applications Knowledge of cloud platforms, containers and Kubernetes Knowledge of JS and frameworks such as React and Angular Bachelors or advanced degree in IT, computer science, engineering, business, design, human-computer interaction or related field or equivalent work experience Ability to convincingly articulate complex analytical ideas in a simple way to a variety of key stakeholders from different functions Strong leader, educator, and coaching skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills Knowledge of Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CD/CI) pipelines Experience working in an agile environment with code review. Casual dress Dental care Extended health care Life insurance Paid time off Work from home Monday to Friday Yes 
ScrapedJobID1375:
Travailler de pair les demandeurs des lignes d’affaires, avec les analystes TI et techniciens au support afin de comprendre les demandes, concevoir et livrer une solution répondant aux exigences exprimées Agir à titre de d’analyste-programmeur web avec langage Windev, développement front et back-end Analyser les demandes de changement et les anomalies, coder, tester et implanter du code de qualité Assurer le contrôle de qualité sur les changements effectués et les documenter DEC / Baccalauréat en informatique, génie logiciel ou équivalent 3-5 ans d’expérience pertinente Expérience démontrée en Windev, développement orienté-objet Expérience de base en C#, ASP.Net ou .NetCore Expérience en développement d’API et web services, un atout Connaissances des bonnes pratiques de développement logiciels Tu aimes les défis et résoudre des problématiques qui te font évoluer Tu fais preuve d’initiative, d’autonomie et de flexibilité dans le travail Tu aimes échanger avec tes collègues, partager tes expériences et trouvaille et bénéficier de l’expérience des autres Tu gères bien tes priorités pour organiser tes tâches et travailler sur plus d’un dossier à la fois Employee assistance program Life insurance Monday to Friday windev: 3 years (required) French (required) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1376:
Solid understanding of software design principles Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Follow best development practices (e.g. Agile, clean code, unit tests, continuous integration) and apply your experience to new and evolving environments Build and maintain robust and scalable code to support innovative features Work constructively in a group as well as individually Collaborate and communicate effectively with Product Owners, Developers, Scrum Master, and QA Motivated to learn and keep up with new technologies and apply them appropriately Bachelor’ s Degree in Computer Science 3+ years’ experience working as a Software Developer or in a similar capacity Extensive experience with complex systems spanning both frontend and backend Excellent knowledge of C# and .NET web development In-depth understanding of SQL (MS SQL Server 2012) and SQL optimization In-depth experience in JavaScript and at least one framework (e.g. React, Angular) Experience consuming and creating HTTP based web APIs Experience with unit testing and test methodologies Experience with profiling and code performance tuning is a plus Experience in event driven systems is a plus Experience in FinTech industry is a plus Some experience with VB6 is nice to have 
ScrapedJobID1377:
Maintain and build on the system and solution architecture of Service oriented Web Applications; Design solutions tailored on customer requirements; Coach and organize Agile methodology based governance; Participate and prepare governance meetings to provide visibility on project plan and milestone achievements; Interact with different organizations (IT, Core Engineering, Methods, …) to ensure seamless integration of the provided solutions; You have a university or (technical) college degree in computer development and/or equivalent experience; You have strong experience of building system and solution architectures; You have a minimum of 5 years of experience in web application development; You have good skills in Java or others procedural / functional programming languages; You have good skills with web frontend technologies (React, Angular, HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript); You have good knowledge of SQL Server; You have good knowledge of Operating Systems (Windows, Linux), virtualization and networking; Experience with PLM (TeamCenter) and ERP (SAP) is an asset; You are organized, a good planner and problem solver; Monday to Friday web application development: 5 years (required) Java: 5 years (required) Angular, HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript: 5 years (required) SQL: 5 years (required) Windows, Linux: 5 years (required) No 
ScrapedJobID1378:
Write performant, maintainable code that is easy to read and well-documented Write automated tests to thoroughly validate the correctness of your code Deploy large-scale web applications Focus on quality, and operate iteratively to get from good to better Be a part of your team's on-call rotation; we all own our code end-to-end from development to deployment to operations Come ready to learn from - and with - some of the best and brightest in the industry Work independently and collaboratively in a dynamic and fast-moving team - we ask a lot of questions so come ready to participate! Be effective in a team environment working with fellow engineers, product management, and design Further your professional development in an ambiguous working environment, by understanding complexities and using your judgment to make balanced trade-offs Experience with highly concurrent languages such as GoLang, Java or Scala Experience with deployment systems (e.g. CodeShip, AWS CodeDeploy) Familiarity with AWS Services (e.g. RDS, Kinesis, Lambda, EC2, et cetera) Familiarity with the Linux Operating System and command-line tools Experience with Ruby on Rails or similar web frameworks is beneficial (e.g. Django) Understanding of OO design, algorithms, and data structures Familiarity with implementing e-commerce solutions is beneficial Familiarity with Search Engine Optimization best practices and techniques is beneficial Aptitude to quickly learn new languages and technologies as necessary Resilience and the ability to continuously build solutions in unclear situations Computer Science or related degree Once in a lifetime opportunity to help revolutionize how the world learns! Fun, collaborative, and team-oriented work environment with plenty of training and a feedback rich culture Remote friendly Hackfest! Work-life balance Flexible PTO plus a floating holiday (for your birthday!) 52 hours of Free Learning Sessions per year for you or immediate families members and free access to our Virtual School Day classes and School@Home program Collaborative, and team-oriented work environment Try a free trial of our Live Learning Platform here: https://www.varsitytutors.com/freetrial 
ScrapedJobID1379:
Les développeurs full stack auront une gamme de responsabilités allant de la conception et la mise en "uvre de produits numériques à l'assurance que nous restons à la pointe de la technologie Nos développeurs contribuent à l'ensemble de la pile technologique, de la base de données et de l'infrastructure DevOps qui prend en charge le déploiement continu, sur les applications natives, au développement frontal En tant que développeur, vous travaillerez dans une équipe interfonctionnelle avec le Product Owner, les Designers et le Lead Developer pour co-développer les produits numériques Utiliser des pratiques d'ingénierie Agile et diverses technologies de développement de logiciels et de sites Web Collaborer avec les autres membres de l'équipe pour créer des user stories claires, concevoir des tests Communiquer avec les équipes informatiques sur toutes les innovations numériques liées aux systèmes informatiques fondamentaux Communiquer avec les parties prenantes de l'entreprise sur les processus Agiles pour définir et gérer les attentes Au moins 5 ans d'expérience en développement logiciel avec une expérience de travail dans des équipes Agile Excellentes compétences en programmation dans au moins un langage/cadre de programmation moderne tel que : Play Framework, Java, Spring, Sprint Boot Expérience et connaissance pratique de HTML/CSS et d'un framework Javascript frontend moderne, tel que ReactJS, AngularJS, Vue.js Connaissance pratique de SQL et d'une technologie de base de données commune, telle que SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL Connaissances de base sur l'architecture logicielle des applications Web, les API, l'authentification Connaissance de la programmation en binôme, de l'intégration continue et du développement piloté par les tests Expérience avec un cadre de tests unitaires Une connaissance des concepts de programmation fonctionnelle et des microservices est un plus Les contributions à la communauté (par exemple, travail open source, publication / présentation d'idées techniques) sont un plus Full stack developers will have a range of responsibilities from shaping and implementing digital products to ensuring that we stay on the leading edge of technology Our developers contribute across the full technology stack, from database and DevOps infrastructure that supports continuous deployment, over native apps, to front end development As a Developer you will work in a cross-functional team with the Product Owner, Designers and Lead Developer to co-develop the digital products Use Agile engineering practices and various software and web development technologies Collaborate with other team members to craft clear user stories, design tests Communicate with IT teams about any Digital innovations that are tying into bedrock IT systems Communicate with business stakeholders about Agile processes to set and manage expectations At least 5 years of software development experience with experience working in Agile teams Excellent programming skills in at least one modern programming language/ framework such as: Play Framework, Java, Spring, Sprint Boot Experience and working knowledge of HTML/ CSS, and a modern frontend Javascript framework, such as ReactJS, AngularJS, Vue.js Working knowledge of SQL and one common database technology, such as SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL Basic knowledge about web applications software architecture, APIs, Authentication Knowledge of pair programming, continuous integration and test-driven development Experience with a unit testing framework Familiarity with the concepts of Functional Programming and Microservices is a plus Community contributions (e.g., open source work, publishing / speaking on technical ideas) is a plus 
ScrapedJobID1380:
We're building a Kubernetes-native SaaS business that lives in the cloud. Our event-driven platform is underpinned with proven infrastructure technologies like Kafka, Postgres, and NoSQL storage. Our web UI uses modern technologies (like TypeScript, React, and GraphQL), and is always evolving to incorporate the best solutions for live, real-time interactions, that puts user experience first. Java and Spring-Boot have been a faithful workhorse powering our application. We're strongly committed to moving our code-base into the functional programming paradigm, introducing Scala superpowers, and making use of modern libraries and tooling. Build the next-generation of Statflo software with a collaborative and supportive team. Work in an agile environment with teammates in all types of roles. Build maintainable and understandable code. Share knowledge about what you've learned and built, and the challenges you've encountered, during our technology team get-togethers. Level-up everyone around you. Absorb the collective brilliance of your team. Bring our code and technologies to the next level! You have engineering experience in Scala or Java. A good understanding of web applications; Typescript and React, or other modern frameworks. You have experience using relational and NoSQL databases (column-oriented, graph, or other). Experience with API/micro-services design. Experience with deploying into and working directly with Kubernetes. Disciplined in your use of testing and automated deployment. You use, or are passionate about learning, typed functional programming. You understand category-theoretic concepts, and know how to apply them in a practical and approachable manner. You have a sense of ownership and responsibility for the code you write. Effective communication and collaboration skills. You are eager to problem-solve and troubleshoot. 
ScrapedJobID1381:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or equivalent work experience 3+ Years’ experience developing applications in Salesforce using Lighting Experience, Lighting Components, VisualForce, Apex, REST API, SOAP API, Streaming API, Visual Workflows, Workflow rules, Process builder, Triggers, Validation rules, HTML, Javascript and CSS Excellent verbal and written English Skills, demonstrated ability to explain complex technical issues to both technical and non-technical audiences Self-motivated and creative Willing to dig in and aid in development work Knowledge of Salesforce best practices knowledge of object-oriented methodologies and approaches Salesforce Administrator Certification Salesforce Advanced Administrator Certification Salesforce Platform App builder Certification Salesforce Platform Developer Certification Experience developing, maintaining, and innovating large scale, consumer facing web or mobile applications. Familiar with the development challenges inherent with highly scalable and available web applications. Strong background in performance tuning Experience with cloud/Saas applications 
ScrapedJobID1382:
Maintain a significant knowledge, competence, and capability in web development, and you work efficiently with your fellow developers, QA, and product owners. Build general, tested code, and refactor as you go. You can plan quickly and test quickly - you know the plan will change. Own the components that you are building from initial design and architecture all the way to end where it will be put into production adding value to our customers Communicate and work efficiently with technical leads, software architects, cloud operations, and product owners to set expectations and identify risks and opportunities for the business Contribute as a member of a multi-disciplinary self-organizing Scrum team, including helping estimate work, performing code reviews, testing, problem-solving, and retrospecting to continually improve our effectiveness Minimum 5+ years demonstrated web development experience working in a Frontend, Backend, or Full Stack role Experience with HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript; with a focus on React and Redux is considered an asset Experience with Python, RESTful API design, Azure, Docker, and Kubernetes is considered an asset Experience with 2D/3D Graphics or Visualization (e.g., WebGL, three.js, D3) is considered an asset Experience interacting with a multidisciplinary team Confident oral and written communication skills in English Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to develop and build sustainable working relationships Ability to work in a quickly growing, fast paced, and constantly changing environment 
ScrapedJobID1383:
Working with the UI/UX design team and Product Owners, you will develop user interfaces for unique web applications. Implement efficient, robust, scalable and maintainable features. Support, fix and update applications already deployed in production environments. Provide end-to-end development of software systems from design through development to deployments and maintenance. Be engaged in an agile culture by helping to define deliverables and effort Provide regular communication and feedback with your team and product owner throughout the Sprint and development lifecycle. Bring your passion for technology by providing input, research and evaluation to the leadership and architecture team 5+ years developing web applications Strong experience developing responsive web interfaces using HTML5, CSS3 & UI frameworks Angular 8+ highly preferred, however recent Angular 2++ acceptable Observables [RxJS, observable streams, reactive programming] Responsive web design Experience with ASP.Net a great asset Dependency Injection (it's a design pattern that is ubiquitous in Angular More in depth Typescript CSS Grid Angular Router Angular Material Design State Management [NGXS, NGRX, CQRS pattern, Akita, state store, redux] Full stack (i.e. skills with Rest API and C# on the backend) 
ScrapedJobID1384:
Expertise in Shopify Liquid template language Working knowledge in Custom Shopify APP development (experience with ReCharge 3-4 years experience working in a professional web-development environment Demonstrate a mastery of HTML, CSS/SCSS & JavaScript Collaborate with our talented design, UX and project management teams to transform Provide technical advice and input to the scope of work including platform Work to help architect, develop, test and deploy new components & site features for our Collaborate with the Creative Team to translate visual designs into responsive front end Assist with the integration / onboarding of new technologies and applications Provide long term solutions and short term options for common maintenance requests Build out custom Shopify themes and modifying pre-existing themes depending on the Implement marketing pixels and client-specific integrations Document technical procedures and best practice for our internal Wiki Work on multiple projects simultaneously Vet and manage relationships with technical service providers including hosting Collaborate with our talented design, UX and project management teams to transform Provide technical advice and input to the scope of work including platform Work to help architect, develop, test and deploy new components & site features for our Collaborate with the Creative Team to translate visual designs into responsive front end Assist with the integration / onboarding of new technologies and applications Provide long term solutions and short term options for common maintenance requests Build out custom Shopify themes and modifying pre-existing themes depending on the Implement marketing pixels and client-specific integrations Document technical procedures and best practice for our internal Wiki Represent Roswell in a professional manner during sales calls/meetings where technical Work on multiple projects simultaneously Vet and manage relationships with technical service providers including hosting Collaborate with our talented design, UX and project management teams to transform Provide technical advice and input to the scope of work including platform Work to help architect, develop, test and deploy new components & site features for our Collaborate with the Creative Team to translate visual designs into responsive front end Assist with the integration / onboarding of new technologies and applications Provide long term solutions and short term options for common maintenance requests Build out custom Shopify themes and modifying pre-existing themes depending on the Implement marketing pixels and client-specific integrations Document technical procedures and best practice for our internal Wiki Expertise in Shopify Liquid template language Working knowledge in Custom Shopify APP development (experience with ReCharge 3-4 years experience working in a professional web-development environment Demonstrate a mastery of HTML, CSS/SCSS & JavaScript Experience using JS libraries Well-versed in Git version control system Proficient with best practices in responsive design Solid knowledge of performance Improvement and optimization best practices Knowledge in data migration and synchronization between Shopify instances Fundamental understanding of Shopify and its API / Application ecosystem Excellent time management, problem solving, teamwork, and communication skills A passion for front-end architecture and learning new technologies. Deep understanding of ecommerce solutions, web design, development process, and Familiarity with A/B testing, SEO and data-driven practices Familiarity with analytics tools such as Google Analytics, GTM Familiarity with WCAG and accessibility best practices Positive attitude and problem solver Can work and stay well-organized between a variety of projects Ability to work independently to solve technical problems, mitigate risk, make decisions, Ability to work in a small and fast paced boutique environment Familiarity with WordPress a plus Experience building SPAs (Single Page Application) and PWAs (Progressive Web Front-end Javascript frameworks experience (React, Vue, Angular, Ember, etc.) TypeScript Familiarity with Slate and ThemeKit Understanding of SEO best practices Understanding of and experience implementing responsive UI/UX design Understanding of and experience implementing WCAG accessibility compliance Shopify App Development Strong full stack foundations Experience with server side Javascript (NPM, Node, Express) Experience with server side web and API dev (PHP, Ruby, Python, Java, .NET, etc.) Experience consuming third party APIs Experience with relational databases (MySQL, Postgres, SQL server, Oracle) Experience with schemaless DBs (MongoDB, etc.) Experience with Jira Experience using Git CLI and UIs, GitHub, and GitFlow branching and collaboration Agile experience a plus Server experience a plus (Linux/Unix/Apache/Nginx) Comfortable using CLI 
ScrapedJobID1385:
Work on development projects targeted to increase market share, support existing clients to help make them successful and continuously refine the existing platform to meet modern design methodologies. Work with talented, knowledge-driven individuals. We are a close-knit team that is eager for new ideas. We embrace sharing our own knowledge and enriching each other’s experiences. Focus on client success through creative problem-solving. Utilize and adopt open source technology where appropriate. 5-9 years of .Net development experience Must have hands-on experience in React and Redux JavaScript frameworks Software Development skills using C# along with JavaScript Familiar with REST APIs and single-page web application development Strong communication skills. Willingness to convey ideas in a collaborative environment Solid understanding of Software Design fundamentals Monday to Friday React: 2 years (preferred) Redux: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1386:
Design and development of front end user interface. Provide direction to junior developers. Contribute in all phases of the development lifecycle. Ensure designs are in compliance with the specifications. Work under the direction of the Test Automation Lead. Work seamlessly with geographically distributed teams. Work with the scrum master and help establish sprint activities and tasks. Participate in the daily standup and provide status updates, contribute to team meetings. Collaborate with various teams in defect triage meetings. Must be able to obtain a Canadian Reliability security clearance. BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject (or equivalent work experience) Hands on knowledge of JAVA Hands on knowledge of NodeJS or ReactJS Experience with SDLC tools, frameworks and methodologies Experience working with AGILE teams and tools including but not limited to - JIRA, Confluence, Crucible - will be considered an asset Analytical Thinking Communication (Oral/Written) Java Front End Development Node.Js Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1387:
Developing code and supporting documentation Working in a team environment to develop, unit test and deploy software changes Working with clients to understand and implement new requirements/solve complex technical application challenges Providing input on new designs and architecture as needed Developing a well-tested, high performance, scalable client/server web application Mentoring other developers 5-7 years’ experience Development of Web-based and Client/Server applications in Agile environment Experience developing applications for the cloud is a must Strong experience developing full lifecycle Web applications using ReactJS/PHP Experience in Cloud based development and application modernization including 12 factor development, Docker, Kubernetes, Azure (Blob, App Service, AzureSQL, CosmosDB, Azure Event Hubs, Azure Functions, etc.) and other cloud-based services Experience writing modern APIs leveraging Node.js Experience in event driven microservices architectures is a strong asset Experience in DevOps pipelines, based around Github Actions and Azure DevOps is an asset Experience developing applications for mobile platforms (Android and/or iOS) would be an asset Experience with cloud development user authentication and resource authorization using auth0, Oauth, Okta or Onelogin would be an asset Experience with Azure API Management is an asset Experience with Webpack would be an asset Experience with Acunetix web vulnerability scanning software would be an asset Experience with modern source repositories such as Github, Bitbucket 
ScrapedJobID1388:
Strong proficiency in Web Platform technologies such HTML, CSS, browser APIs, events, storage options and JavaScript (ECMAScript 2015+) or TypeScript Experience with front-end frameworks such as React, Angular, or Vue Experience managing front-end states (with Redux, Context API or similar) and designing data models that scale with RESTful API or GraphQL in complex, single-page web applications Understand end-to-end front-end development methodologies and tool chains such as NPM, Yarn, Lerna, Webpack, ES Lint, DevTools and Node.js 
ScrapedJobID1389:
Capital Markets WPF/ASP.Net (10+ years) C# .Net Core Web API Good understanding and experience architecting back-end solutions including design pattern 
ScrapedJobID1390:
5+ years of experience working in UI and front-end web engineering 3+ years experience with React and Redux Experience in crafting and implementing web applications with Javascript/HTML5/CSS3 Understanding of design/UX principles and ability to participate in design discussions. Experience with JSON & REST architecture Implement grid system for responsiveness Experience using Grunt, NPM (Node.js) Experience working within an organizational code base in multiple environments across numerous ongoing release cycles Experience integrating front-end web/UI interface with back end application server technologies Strong communication, organization, and leadership skills required Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. 
ScrapedJobID1391:
Start: ASAP Location: CANADA web development stack full stack development create features and advance the platform enterprise web applications using .NET framework and C#; SOA, RESTful services, microservices; Customer Identity and Access Management (CIAM); Identity management / federated identity management; User Pools / Identity Pools; Okta / Amazon Cognito; Access Management (Authentication / Authorization) MS SQL Server; Kubernetes, RabbitMQ Unit and integration testing Object-oriented programming; Agile environment 
ScrapedJobID1392:
Work on development projects targeted to increase market share, support existing clients to help make them successful and continuously refine the existing platform to meet modern design methodologies. Work with talented, knowledge-driven individuals. We are a close-knit team that is eager for new ideas. We embrace sharing our own knowledge and enriching each other’s experiences. Focus on client success through creative problem-solving. Utilize and adopt open source technology where appropriate. 4-7 years of relevant experience Hands-on experience in React and Redux JavaScript frameworks Software Development skills using C# or Java along with JavaScript Familiar with REST APIs and single-page web application development Strong communication skills. Willingness to convey ideas in a collaborative environment Solid understanding of Software Design fundamentals Bonus pay Monday to Friday Java/C#: 4 years (preferred) React: 2 years (preferred) Redux: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1393:
We're building a Kubernetes-native SaaS business that lives in the cloud. Our event-driven platform is underpinned with proven infrastructure technologies like Kafka, Postgres, and NoSQL storage. Our web UI uses modern technologies (like TypeScript, React, and GraphQL), and is always evolving to incorporate the best solutions for live, real-time interactions, that puts user experience first. Java and Spring-Boot have been a faithful workhorse powering our application. We're strongly committed to moving our code-base into the functional programming paradigm, introducing Scala superpowers, and making use of modern libraries and tooling. Build the next-generation of Statflo software with a collaborative and supportive team. Work in an agile environment with teammates in all types of roles. Build maintainable and understandable code. Share knowledge about what you've learned and built, and the challenges you've encountered, during our technology team get-togethers. Level-up everyone around you. Absorb the collective brilliance of your team. Bring our code and technologies to the next level! You have engineering experience in Scala or Java. A good understanding of web applications; Typescript and React, or other modern frameworks. You have experience using relational and NoSQL databases (column-oriented, graph, or other). Experience with API/micro-services design. Experience with deploying into and working directly with Kubernetes. Disciplined in your use of testing and automated deployment. You use, or are passionate about learning, typed functional programming. You understand category-theoretic concepts, and know how to apply them in a practical and approachable manner. You have a sense of ownership and responsibility for the code you write. Effective communication and collaboration skills. You are eager to problem-solve and troubleshoot. 
ScrapedJobID1394:
5+ years of commercial software development experience Experience in modern full-stack web development and proficient in JavaScript frameworks like Vue or React frameworks Experience in software development with Go Experience developing and using RESTful services or Web APIs Creative and detail-oriented personality with excellent communication skills Willingness to be a subject matter expert, to learn new things, and work in a team Education: Degree in Computer Science or similar Responsive user interface design and cross-browser compatibility skills Knowledge of design concepts and principles Experience with open source development Experience with Docker and Kubernetes Experience with distributed systems and routing/messaging Understanding of reliable distributed system principles Understanding of Web security principles 
ScrapedJobID1395:
Building pipeline scheduling and execution platform, as well as the corresponding frontend to manage and interact with the platform, to do analysis of our simulations and datasets; Developing on-premises cluster projects as well as utilizing public cloud computing infrastructure services; Building front-end Web Interface for engineers and testops to control and monitor the onboard system, that visualize in real time, the perceived surroundings and decided routes of our autonomous driving system; Building web-based tools to optimize the labelling of our datasets to greatly increase the efficiency and correctness; Develop vehicle oversight service software to monitor vehicles remotely Provide vehicle monitor and management API service to customers Proactively identify problems and make technical suggestion on requirements Experience in building highly scalable enterprise web applications Experience in developing microservices using AWS or other equivalent cloud framework Experience in developing secured API and publishing user document Excellent knowledge of different API mechanism such as REST, RPC/gRPC, HTTP, GraphQL Experience in developing extensible APIs and highly maintainable services. Experience in deploying, monitoring and maintaining services and systems. Excellent knowledge of databases like Dynamodb, Mongodb, SQL Fluent in JavaScript & Python Understanding of SOA, SAAS, and REST/OAuth/JSON architectures and services. Familiar with front-end Vue.js framework Familiar with back-end Flask or Django framework Familiar with iOS/Android mobile application development 100% employer-paid healthcare premiums for you and your family Work visa sponsorship available Relocation assistance available Gym membership reimbursement Monthly team building budget Learning/education budget 
ScrapedJobID1396:
Design and implement great features and high-quality code Contribute to the design, implementation, and scaling of our cloud-based machine Basic knowledge and strong interest in Machine learning, Deep learning, and data Collaborate with a team of developers, researcher, and data scientists to implement Work closely with the engineering, assurance quality and product teams Bachelor or master’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or similar Minimum of 5 years of relevant experience designing and developing scalable Experience of building scalable backend systems using micro-services/cloud Experience designing and building REST APIs that supports many clients Proficiency in a Linux environment Knowledge and experience with Python and the Scientific Python stack (numpy, scipy, SQL and NoSQL databases experience Familiar with Web API documentation and modeling tools such as Swagger/OpenAPI Familiar with cloud technologies and platforms such as: Docker, Kafka, Spark, MQTT, Fluent in English since you will participate in our agile software process (scrum, sprint Familiarity with agile development and tools such as JIRA Experience with IoT services Familiar with startup environments The opportunity to join an innovative team focused on one objective: to become the A user-oriented team that lets you learn, innovate and share The chance to make a difference within a fast-paced organization Being an active participant in the growth of a Montreal-based AI start-up An employee stock option plan. Concevoir et mettre en œuvre d'excellentes fonctionnalités et un code de haute qualité Contribuer à la conception, à la mise en œuvre et à la mise à l'échelle de notre machine basée sur le cloud Connaissances de base et intérêt marqué pour l'apprentissage automatique, l'apprentissage en profondeur et les données Collaborer avec une équipe de développeurs, de chercheurs et de scientifiques des données pour mettre en œuvre Travailler en étroite collaboration avec les équipes d'ingénierie, d'assurance qualité et de produit Baccalauréat ou maîtrise en informatique, génie logiciel ou similaire Minimum de 5 ans d'expérience pertinente dans la conception et le développement évolutif Expérience de la création de systèmes backend évolutifs à l'aide de micro-services/cloud Expérience de la conception et de la création d'API REST prenant en charge de nombreux clients Maîtrise d'un environnement Linux Connaissance et expérience avec Python et la pile scientifique Python (numpy, scipy, Expérience des bases de données SQL et NoSQL Familiarité avec la documentation de l'API Web et les outils de modélisation tels que Swagger/OpenAPI Familiarité avec les technologies et plateformes cloud telles que : Docker, Kafka, Spark, MQTT, Anglais courant puisque vous participerez à notre processus logiciel agile (scrum, sprint Familiarité avec le développement agile et les outils tels que JIRA Expérience avec les services IoT Familier avec les environnements de démarrage L'opportunité de rejoindre une équipe innovante centrée sur un objectif : devenir le Une équipe orientée utilisateur qui vous permet d'apprendre, d'innover et de partager La chance de faire la différence au sein d'une organisation en évolution rapide Être un participant actif dans la croissance d'une start-up d'IA basée à Montréal Un plan d'options sur actions pour les employés. 
ScrapedJobID1397:
Work with one of Canada's "Top 100 Employers," with possibility of extension or permanent placement. Work Location: Calgary Office Term (start and end date): December 6, 2021 until December 2, 2022 Schedule: Standard 5x2, 40 hour work week Competitive Compensation and Benefits. Representation by an award-winning staffing agency that takes pride in our personalized approach to staffing, ensuring you are a valued member of the team - not just a number. Assist in setting data visualization goals and deliverables based on the established success criteria and metrics as defined for the solution Educate clients on data visualization methods and techniques to enhance business decision-making capability Develop User Interface (UI) to receive information input from business users into a relational database and non-relational management systems Apply information architecture, interactive visual design, quantitative analysis and qualitative user research to create UI for an informed User Experience (UX) Design and execute performance tests of front-end applications in a big data context Monitor, develop and operate (DevOps) the visualization(s) for existing analytic products Collaborate with ecosystem partners to provide the best fit technologies while expanding knowledge of current data analytics and visualization trends Research, establish guidance, and maintain documentation on data visualization tools and best practices to ensure design consistency for the best UX across the enterprise Mentor and coach less-experienced team members and clients on data visualization methods and techniques to enhance business decision-making capability. Manage a database/library of visuals and designs library built across analytical products Interface with other technology teams to extract, transform, and load data from a wide variety of data sources using multiple technologies Five years of progressive experience in a data visualization/development role A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Statistics or Mathematics, Information Management or a related technical discipline and equivalent work experience Experience and exposure to business data analysis for various domains, including the ability to rapid prototype visualizations and communicate them to the client Strong experience in Data Modeling, ELT/ETL Development, and Data Warehousing The ability to establish and apply data visualization best practices and graphical design principles Experience in UI/UX design and development Strong organizational skills; able to manage multiple stakeholders and track execution of all details of a program Exposure to Full stack (front-end user interface and application back-end) development experience Experience with one or more data visualization libraries, frameworks and tools Experience with one or more programming/web development language Experience with dashboard/reporting tools Experience in relational databases and writing SQL code No 
ScrapedJobID1398:

ScrapedJobID1399:
Provide technical direction involves establishing a technical vision, resolving technical disagreements and managing the technical quality of project Design, develop, review code, implement, and maintain large scale applications Deliver scalable, reusable, testable and clean code with proper commenting and version control Involve in recruiting talent and carry out onboarding process for new team members enough experience to lead a small team of 5-6 people. be able to do both frontend and backend for web & cloud applications. Bit more frontend focused. knowledge of UI design and understanding of UX & workflow. 5+ years of production level experience with our main tech stack: JavaScript ES6+, React, Angular, Node.js, PHP, Python . experience with Google Cloud Platform or other major cloud services (e.g. AWS, Azure) . strong experience with virtualization and containerization (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes), Jenkins/Bamboo build jobs, CI/CD pipelines Provide technical direction involves establishing a technical vision, resolving technical disagreements and managing the technical quality of project Design, develop, review code, implement, and maintain large scale applications Deliver scalable, reusable, testable and clean code with proper commenting and version control Involve in recruiting talent and carry out onboarding process for new team members enough experience to lead a small team of 5-6 people. be able to do both frontend and backend for web & cloud applications. Bit more frontend focused. knowledge of UI design and understanding of UX & workflow. 5+ years of production level experience with our main tech stack: JavaScript ES6+, React, Angular, Node.js, PHP, Python . experience with Google Cloud Platform or other major cloud services (e.g. AWS, Azure) . strong experience with virtualization and containerization (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes), Jenkins/Bamboo build jobs, CI/CD pipelines 
ScrapedJobID1400:
Develop customer solutions through collaboration with our product, data science, and customer experience experts. Have the opportunity to own and drive solutions to customer problems. Write secure code for APIs, frontend, backend, web, mobile, partner integration. Solve problems and integrate with partner development teams. Deliver using agile, test-driven design methodology. Learn and adapt technologies to real problems. 5+ years of experience in full-stack development. Ruby on Rails or other web application frameworks. Angular, Node.js, JavaScript, and front-end development frameworks Relational databases such as PostgreSQL, MySQL Experience with event-based systems (e.g RabbitMq, Kafka, etc.) Experience building cutting edge customer products Proficiency with Linux/UNIX command-line Love to own problems and drive solutions Leading or mentoring development team members Integrating 3rd party systems/services Git or other version control systems Python Building a RESTful API Heroku, AWS Security & Cryptography Building payment, billing or other finance solutions * We believe in innovation and vibrant culture* - work for an innovative, people-first, financial services firm that values entrepreneurialism We care about your rewards - Competitive compensation including equity programs We care about your health - comprehensive group health and dental benefits and life insurance, including a Lifestyle Spending Account for all your wellness needs We care about your rest - a flexible paid-time-off policy with unlimited vacation days, flexible sick and mental health days We care about your family - Paid parental leave for eligible employees with top-up We care about your future - Group RRSP matching and TFSA program in Purpose funds We care about your development - subsidies are available for courses and tuition 
ScrapedJobID1401:
10+ years experience in enterprise Java development with at least a BSc in Computer Science or Engineering Expertise on core Java concepts like multithreading and implementing complex algorithms Deep understanding of web applications and web services architectures, designs, and technologies Must have experience with Spring and writing integrated tests Must have experience with Hibernate or Jpa Experience designing and implementing RESTful APIs Significant experience with database technologies such as RDBMS, SQL, MySQL, Postgres Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. We are a team here and being able to collaborate well is paramount Familiarity with JIRA and other products in the Atlassian suite Experience with Subversion and Git for managing source code versioning Continuous integration experience with Jenkins Experience with the Agile Scrum development methodology Understanding of, and experience using Angular (Angular 2+) very beneficial Java web application development experience is a plus On-site parking Monday to Friday Bachelor's Degree (preferred) Java Development: 10 years (preferred) No Social distancing guidelines in place Sanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place 
ScrapedJobID1402:
You will have significant responsibility and influence in shaping the applications you build. We are looking for someone to iterate quickly on all stages from development to production, including bringing new products to market. Ability to execute front end and back end development throughout the entire development process. Driving continuous improvements from leveraging modern tools and frameworks that enables us to release more frequently. Successful candidates will have strong engineering skills and communication, and a belief that data driven processes lead to great products. You will need to have a passion for quality and an ability to understand complex systems. Above all you should be passionate about solving real world problems, and brining value to the applications you create. Implement web applications that meet market needs and are easily extended with evolving business needs - front end and back end development Review project ideas and provide technology input, prescribing appropriate application solutions, which balance business requirements with Generac’s technology standards to arrive at the optimal solution. Maintain technical expertise in emerging technical trends. Write user and technical specifications in line with business needs. Self-directed and capable of working in a dynamic and startup-like environment with a high attention to detail. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field 2 years’ experience programming in Java 2 years’ experience with React.js / React Native and frameworks (such as Flux or Redux) Experience writing and debugging SQL queries Adept in building microservices using Java and developing REST APIs Knowledge of deploying applications in AWS (S3, ECS, Lambda) Experience building scalable infrastructure software or distributed systems for commercial online services Experience with AWS services EC2, ECS, serverless computing, EBS, RDS, S3, IAM Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases Experience with JavaScript and building Single Page Apps Experience with HTML / CSS / TypeScrip Knowledge of at least 2 of the following:  Javascript/Node.js, Python, Bash Knowledge of CI/CD tools and processes; Git, Jenkins, Maven, CircleCI. Comprehensive medical benefits Employer RRSP contribution matching Unlimited vacation (and we genuinely encourage you to use it) Work-from-home flexibility Spacious new office in the heart of downtown Vancouver 
ScrapedJobID1403:
Design and development of front end user interface. Provide direction to junior developers. Contribute in all phases of the development lifecycle. Ensure designs are in compliance with the specifications. Work under the direction of the Test Automation Lead. Work seamlessly with geographically distributed teams. Work with the scrum master and help establish sprint activities and tasks. Participate in the daily standup and provide status updates, contribute to team meetings. Collaborate with various teams in defect triage meetings. Must be able to obtain a Canadian Reliability security clearance. BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject (or equivalent work experience) Hands on knowledge of JAVA Hands on knowledge of NodeJS or ReactJS Experience with SDLC tools, frameworks and methodologies Experience working with AGILE teams and tools including but not limited to - JIRA, Confluence, Crucible - will be considered an asset Analytical Thinking Communication (Oral/Written) Java Front End Development Node.Js Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1404:
Maintain and build on the system and solution architecture of Service oriented Web Applications; Design solutions tailored on customer requirements; Coach and organize Agile methodology based governance; Participate and prepare governance meetings to provide visibility on project plan and milestone achievements; Interact with different organizations (IT, Core Engineering, Methods, …) to ensure seamless integration of the provided solutions; You have a university or (technical) college degree in computer development and/or equivalent experience; You have strong experience of building system and solution architectures; You have a minimum of 5 years of experience in web application development; You have good skills in Java or others procedural / functional programming languages; You have good skills with web frontend technologies (React, Angular, HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript); You have good knowledge of SQL Server; You have good knowledge of Operating Systems (Windows, Linux), virtualization and networking; Experience with PLM (TeamCenter) and ERP (SAP) is an asset; You are organized, a good planner and problem solver; Monday to Friday web application development: 5 years (required) Java: 5 years (required) Angular, HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript: 5 years (required) SQL: 5 years (required) Windows, Linux: 5 years (required) No 
ScrapedJobID1405:
Collaborate with skilled Agile team members to understand user needs and design, develop and deliver high quality web applications that meet those needs Configure and design applications and workflows, using outside the box thinking, to create innovative ways to advance our client first strategy Provide coaching, mentoring, and leadership to the design and development project team Provide technical leadership and guidance to projects, ensuring risks are mitigated and projects are implemented successfully Contribute to defining timelines and plans; analyze and estimate feasibility, cost, time and scope Ensure coding, testing, debugging and implementation activities are completed as required Ensure information security standards and requirements are incorporated into all solutions Contribute to the ongoing support, stability and performance of application systems in production including problem analysis, resolution, escalation and reporting as necessary Stay current with trends in emerging technologies and how they could apply to Sun Life Participate in agile ceremonies University Degree or College Diploma in a related discipline 10+ years of Software development experience with full application development life cycle and systems integration experience Experience in leading projects and providing technical guidance to the team Advanced overall understanding of Web applications and server technologies Strong working experience with Java, J2EE, Unix/Linux, middleware technologies, web and web hosting technologies 5+ years of Web application development experience including REST, Java, J2EE, Spring Framework, Javascript, jQuery, Bootstrap, AJAX, JSON, HTML5, CSS3 Strong working knowledge of webservices and API development Experience using DevOps tools including Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Maven, CDD/Ansible Excellent verbal and written communication skills Flexible and adaptable with the ability to align to changing priorities Customer obsession – customers are at the centre of all we do Ability to work both independently and as part of a strong, collaborative, multi-site team Self-directed and proactive Ability to liaise with internal and external stakeholders and adapt approach when dealing with technical and non-technical audiences A penchant for creating re-usable components and identifying opportunities for re-use Coaching and mentoring skills to help strengthen your team Occasional travel between Sun Life locations (Toronto, Waterloo) may be required depending on work assignment Periodic weekend/after-hours work may be required to support project implementations and system upgrades. Must be able to obtain Reliability Status through the Government of Canada before a start date can be confirmed (includes a background check with fingerprinting by the RCMP) Being part of our journey in developing the next greatest digital experience Flexible Benefits from the day you join to meet the needs of you and your family Pension, stock and savings programs to help build and enhance your future financial security A common sense dress code, where you dictate how you dress based on your day 
ScrapedJobID1406:
Work in cross-functional SCRUM teams to produce and release new applications, features, and enhancements to improve the user experience, applying the full understanding of software engineering discipline and industry best practices Design and rapidly prototype proposed solutions Work closely with senior development team members in major architecture projects, design and implementation Ensure the quality of the applications by using various types of automated testing methods in a continuous integration environment Resolve defects/bugs during pre-production, production, and post-release patches Coordinates technical dependencies with other SCRUM teams Participate in code reviews, analysis, and performance tuning Collaborate with other engineers to share best practices and knowledge of emerging technologies Work with a sense of urgency; embrace mistakes, learn from them, and drive the team toward success 5+ years of professional software development experience building single page web applications with RESTful web services on Windows Post-Secondary Degree in computer science, software engineering or related discipline or equivalent working experience Programming experience developing full stack web applications with the following technologies: C#.Net, JavaScript/TypeScript, JSON, HTML5/CSS, Angular, MS SQL Server, MySQL, Postgres Experience developing web applications for a commercial SaaS vendor/ISV Experience with design/implementation of microservice architecture Cloud infrastructure platforms such as AWS or Azure or Google Fluent with Microsoft tool set (TFS, Visual Studio, PowerShell), Git Must be legally entitled to work in the country where the role is located. Must be able to travel to the United States, Canada and/or internationally, and have a valid passport Demonstrated ability for attention to detail and passion for high quality software Excellent communication skills both written and verbal 
ScrapedJobID1407:
Understand and interpret data to develop hypotheses, define experiments to prove (or disprove) them and carry them through to their conclusion; Identify, size and prioritize opportunities according to highest-impact potential, making recommendations relating to key projects to engage and retain our customers; Use techniques around customer discovery and validation to determine what should be built; Articulate, track, analyze and communicate the business goals for products and projects; Effectively translate business needs into technical requirements; Optimize existing products that will deliver incremental gain for our business; Collaborate with the development and marketing teams to evaluate technical options; Participate in backlog grooming, sprint planning and daily stand-ups; Drive release planning activities; Lead acceptance testing; Develop mechanisms to evaluate results of completed projects and recommend future improvements; Manage 3rd party platform requirements, development, and partner relations as required to support internal stakeholder objectives. 5+ years of web-based product management experience; 5+ years developing with Node.js or similar web based languages; 3+ years working in a containerized environment employing CI/CD principles; Strong knowledge of developing with Kubernetes (K8s) or related systems is a must; University degree in a related or technically oriented discipline is an asset; Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work in a team environment; Exceptional analytical skills to support data-driven decision-making. Comprendre et interpréter l’information afin de développer des hypothèses, définir des expériences pour prouver ou infirmer ces dernières et les mener à terme ; Déterminer, prioriser et évaluer les opportunités présentant le potentiel le plus élevé, puis faire des recommandations en relation avec des projets clés afin de fidéliser et conserver notre clientèle ; Mettre en oeuvre des techniques de développement de la clientèle, de la découverte à la validation, dans le but d’améliorer l’expérience client et de formuler des recommandations ; Coordonner, suivre, analyser et communiquer les objectifs d’affaires pour les produits et les projets ; Transposer de manière efficace les besoins commerciaux en exigences techniques ; Optimiser les produits existants qui représentent un gain différentiel pour l’entreprise ; Collaborer avec l’équipe de développement et de marketing pour évaluer les options techniques ; Participer au traitement du backlog et à la planification des sprints et stand ups quotidiens ; Diriger les activités en matière de planification de release ; Mener les tests d’acceptation ; Mettre en place des KPI pour évaluer les résultats de la performance des projets complétés et recommander de futures améliorations ; Gérer les exigences, le développement et les relations de partenariat d’une plateforme tierce, tel que nécessaire pour supporter les objectifs internes des intervenants. Plus de 5 ans d’expérience en gestion de produit Web ; Plus de 5 ans d’expérience avec Node.js ou avec une plateforme similaire ; Plus de 3 ans d’expérience dans un environnement test d’approche CI/CD ; Excellentes connaissances requises en déploiement avec Kubernetes (K8s) ou des systèmes s’en rapprochant ; Diplôme universitaire dans une discipline connexe ou à orientation technique ; Fortes compétences relationnelles et en travail d’équipe ; Aptitudes analytiques exceptionnelles, visant la prise de décisions basées sur l’interprétation de données. 
ScrapedJobID1408:

ScrapedJobID1409:
Development of Windows Azure Cloud projects. Implement Industry best practices in design, coding and ensure Quality. Work closely with other software and hardware engineers to solve design issues. Responsible for Coding, Bug Fixing, Unit Testing, & Software Configuration. Interfacing software applications with other devices and control systems. Providing relevant documentation. Assist team(s) in providing the right approach, coding & design standards. Perform peer code reviews to detect any anomalies during development. Take complete ownership of Development and maintenance Needs to have a good exposure to Frontend development. Developing javascript based functions and UI elements using SVG, Images etc Microsoft Azure , ASP .NET, C# ,Full Stack Developer, JavaScript(Any framework) Monday to Friday Full Stack Developer: 6 years (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1410:

ScrapedJobID1411:
Write performant, maintainable code that is easy to read and well-documented Write automated tests to thoroughly validate the correctness of your code Deploy large-scale web applications Focus on quality, and operate iteratively to get from good to better Be a part of your team's on-call rotation; we all own our code end-to-end from development to deployment to operations Come ready to learn from - and with - some of the best and brightest in the industry Work independently and collaboratively in a dynamic and fast-moving team - we ask a lot of questions so come ready to participate! Be effective in a team environment working with fellow engineers, product management, and design Further your professional development in an ambiguous working environment, by understanding complexities and using your judgment to make balanced trade-offs Experience with highly concurrent languages such as GoLang, Java or Scala Experience with deployment systems (e.g. CodeShip, AWS CodeDeploy) Familiarity with AWS Services (e.g. RDS, Kinesis, Lambda, EC2, et cetera) Familiarity with the Linux Operating System and command-line tools Experience with Ruby on Rails or similar web frameworks is beneficial (e.g. Django) Understanding of OO design, algorithms, and data structures Familiarity with implementing e-commerce solutions is beneficial Familiarity with Search Engine Optimization best practices and techniques is beneficial Aptitude to quickly learn new languages and technologies as necessary Resilience and the ability to continuously build solutions in unclear situations Computer Science or related degree Once in a lifetime opportunity to help revolutionize how the world learns! Fun, collaborative, and team-oriented work environment with plenty of training and a feedback rich culture Remote friendly Hackfest! Work-life balance Flexible PTO plus a floating holiday (for your birthday!) 52 hours of Free Learning Sessions per year for you or immediate families members and free access to our Virtual School Day classes and School@Home program Collaborative, and team-oriented work environment Try a free trial of our Live Learning Platform here: https://www.varsitytutors.com/freetrial 
ScrapedJobID1412:
Work on development projects targeted to increase market share, support existing clients to help make them successful and continuously refine the existing platform to meet modern design methodologies. Work with talented, knowledge-driven individuals. We are a close-knit team that is eager for new ideas. We embrace sharing our own knowledge and enriching each other’s experiences. Focus on client success through creative problem-solving. Utilize and adopt open source technology where appropriate. 5-9 years of .Net development experience Must have hands-on experience in React and Redux JavaScript frameworks Software Development skills using C# along with JavaScript Familiar with REST APIs and single-page web application development Strong communication skills. Willingness to convey ideas in a collaborative environment Solid understanding of Software Design fundamentals Monday to Friday React: 2 years (preferred) Redux: 2 years (preferred) Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1413:
Work with one of Canada's "Top 100 Employers," with possibility of extension or permanent placement. Work Location: Calgary Office Term (start and end date): December 6, 2021 until December 2, 2022 Schedule: Standard 5x2, 40 hour work week Competitive Compensation and Benefits. Representation by an award-winning staffing agency that takes pride in our personalized approach to staffing, ensuring you are a valued member of the team - not just a number. Assist in setting data visualization goals and deliverables based on the established success criteria and metrics as defined for the solution Educate clients on data visualization methods and techniques to enhance business decision-making capability Develop User Interface (UI) to receive information input from business users into a relational database and non-relational management systems Apply information architecture, interactive visual design, quantitative analysis and qualitative user research to create UI for an informed User Experience (UX) Design and execute performance tests of front-end applications in a big data context Monitor, develop and operate (DevOps) the visualization(s) for existing analytic products Collaborate with ecosystem partners to provide the best fit technologies while expanding knowledge of current data analytics and visualization trends Research, establish guidance, and maintain documentation on data visualization tools and best practices to ensure design consistency for the best UX across the enterprise Mentor and coach less-experienced team members and clients on data visualization methods and techniques to enhance business decision-making capability. Manage a database/library of visuals and designs library built across analytical products Interface with other technology teams to extract, transform, and load data from a wide variety of data sources using multiple technologies Five years of progressive experience in a data visualization/development role A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Statistics or Mathematics, Information Management or a related technical discipline and equivalent work experience Experience and exposure to business data analysis for various domains, including the ability to rapid prototype visualizations and communicate them to the client Strong experience in Data Modeling, ELT/ETL Development, and Data Warehousing The ability to establish and apply data visualization best practices and graphical design principles Experience in UI/UX design and development Strong organizational skills; able to manage multiple stakeholders and track execution of all details of a program Exposure to Full stack (front-end user interface and application back-end) development experience Experience with one or more data visualization libraries, frameworks and tools Experience with one or more programming/web development language Experience with dashboard/reporting tools Experience in relational databases and writing SQL code No 
ScrapedJobID1414:
Highly competitive market hourly rates A 6-month contract with a strong probability of extension Remote interview process Security training and outreach to internal development teams Documenting security guidance and standards Security tool development Security metrics delivery and driving improvement Based out of the Seattle or Vancouver SSCs Experience building tools and processes to reliably identify security issues and logic flaws across large code bases Understanding of security challenges in service architectures or large distributed systems Expertise with web application security best practices Working experience one or more programming languages: Java, Python, JavaScript, preferred Experience communicating security concerns and issues to non-technical audiences • An understanding of AWS cloud services and concepts such as S3, EC2, Lambda, and VPC • Experience with common web application testing tools for IAST, DAST and SAST, and analysis tools Exposure to E-commerce / Web Content Management System platforms (Like Salesforce Commerce cloud, ATG, AEM) Exposure security analysis and best practice recommendation in micro service landscape. Program Management experience Working knowledge in Jira Bug Bounty program experience Agile software development experience Cloudfare experience 
ScrapedJobID1415:
Someone that thoroughly understands software development methodology and architecture standards. A passion for creating cutting edge web software and pushing the boundaries of front-end development Unquenchable thirst for knowledge and a desire to learn new technical skills A self-driven desire to find better ways to accomplish tasks Ability to analyze and research existing application code bases to learn and subsequently enhance with little guidance Communicates systems issues at the appropriate technical level for each audience Analyzes information, requirements and specifications to design and develop solutions for responsive web Architect and develop new and enhance modern web applications in AngularJS, Angular, and Vue.js Architect CSS frameworks and develop flexible UI components Support production environment as required for system failures. Identify quality improvements to minimize production errors and outages Design new customer capabilities & refactor existing systems to ensure high performance, reliability and resilience Mentor junior team members At least 6+ years of experience in Software Application Development Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or equivalent working experience Expert experience using JavaScript (ES6) Expert experience with CSS and rich web UI behaviors - pixel perfect execution for all major browsers and viewports Experience with GIT merging and rebasing strategies Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to communicate effectively with all stakeholders Ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment Collaborate with other developers and architects to determine optimal solution architecture, efficiency, maintainability and scalability Complete projects/tasks in a timely fashion while meeting sprint goals and commitments 
ScrapedJobID1416:
Bachelor or Master’s degree in computer science or a related technical field GPA of at least 3.0 Strong academic record with projects Solid understanding of Agile development, object-oriented design and programming languages. An understanding of unit testing & Test-Driven Development (TDD). Some programming experience with one or more of the following: Java Knowledge of RESTFul webservices Knowledge of front-end web design and languages (HTML, JavaScript, CSS) Experience with Cloud computing and SaaS a plus Strong written, verbal, and collaboration skills Self-starter with strong work ethic with a passion for problem-solving Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment Flexibility and ability to adapt to changing priorities and technologies Successful delivery of high-quality web or mobile software (requirements, design, code, documentation, etc.) Roughly 80-95% hands-on coding Contribute to early quality activities, including peer reviews of estimates, designs and code Resolve defects/bugs during QA testing, pre-production, production, and post-release patches Partner effectively with all team members to deliver against commitments Commitment to team success and positive team dynamics Passion for growing and applying technical skills in service to customers 
ScrapedJobID1417:
Company events Paid time off 8 hour shift Front-end development: 2 years (preferred) RESTful/SOAP/GraphQL based web services: 2 years (preferred) NodeJS, Python or Golang: 2 years (preferred) Mandarin (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1418:
You have 5+ years of software development experience. You have 3+ years experience with modern JavaScript frameworks such as Angular/React/Vue or similar. You have 2+ years of professional experience as a web developer using .NET and/or .NET Core with C# You have a track record for building high-quality, maintainable, tested, and scalable software. You are proficient in working with RESTful APIs and data handling. You have expert-level ability using JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS. You have worked with cloud-based services (AWS, Azure, or GCP). Your communication skills are excellent: you can understand user needs and translate them into actionable pieces of work that teams can understand. You understand the value of an API-first approach, loosely coupled systems, and domain driven design. You take pride in quality and have approaches towards testing. Your strength is in pragmatically designing, building and deploying scalable, highly-available systems. You have the ability to think abstractly and are comfortable with ambiguous/undefined problems. You find fulfillment in mentoring and leading junior engineers and helping them develop their skills and leadership abilities (and believe that everyone has something to learn and teach). You see opportunities in working with legacy code and optimizing existing systems You take satisfaction in leaving code/processes/people better than when you got there You subscribe to the idea that companies should be socially responsible. 
ScrapedJobID1419:
Yes 
ScrapedJobID1420:
Lead a team of remote engineers Collaborate with stakeholders and partners across teams and departments Write performant, maintainable code that is easy to read and well-documented Write automated tests to thoroughly validate the correctness of your code Deploy large-scale web applications Have a focus on quality, and operate iteratively to get from good to better Be a part of your team's on-call rotation; we all own our code end-to-end from development to deployment to operations Come ready to learn from some of the best and brightest in the industry Work independently and collaboratively in a dynamic and fast-moving team Be effective in a team environment working with fellow engineers, product management, and design Experience with React or similar UI frameworks (e.g. Vue, AngularJS) Experience with Ruby on Rails or similar web frameworks (e.g. Django) Experience with deployment systems (e.g. CodeShip, AWS CodeDeploy) Familiarity with AWS Services (e.g. RDS, Kinesis, EC2, Lambda, et cetera) Familiarity with the Linux Operating System and command-line tools Understanding of OO design, algorithms, and data structures Familiarity with implementing e-commerce solutions is beneficial Aptitude to quickly learn new languages and technologies as necessary Computer Science or related degree Once in a lifetime opportunity to help revolutionize how the world learns! Fun, collaborative, and team-oriented work environment with plenty of training and a feedback rich culture Remote friendly Hackfest! Work-life balance Flexible PTO plus a floating holiday (for your birthday!) Paid VTO ("Volunteer Time Off" to do community service/charity work) 52 hours of Free Learning Sessions per year for you or immediate families members and free access to our Virtual School Day classes and School@Home program Collaborative, and team-oriented work environment Try a free trial of our Live Learning Platform here: https://www.varsitytutors.com/freetrial 
ScrapedJobID1421:
Lead a small Agile team of developers in the design and development of Sun Life's Advisor channel applications for investments/insurance sales and distribution. Collaborate with skilled Agile team members to understand user needs and design, develop and deliver high quality web applications that meet those needs Configure and design applications and workflows, using outside the box thinking, to create innovative ways to advance our client first strategy Collaborate, coach and mentor members of the design and development project team Provide technical direction and guidance to projects, ensuring risks are mitigated and projects are implemented successfully Contribute to defining timelines and plans; analyze and estimate feasibility, cost, time and scope Ensure coding, testing, debugging and implementation activities are completed as required Participate in agile ceremonies University Degree or College Diploma in a related discipline 7+ years of Web application development experience Advanced overall understanding of Web applications and server technologies Strong working experience with Java, J2EE, Unix/Linux, web and web hosting technologies Proficient with Soap/XML, REST/JSON Hands on experience using DevOps tools (BitBucket, CDD, Jenkins) Experience with React, Node, Spring Boot, APIs, and Microservices would be an asset. Microsoft .NET experience is a bonus Customer obsession – our "design thinking" approach and our customers are at the centre of all we do A penchant for creating re-usable components and identifying opportunities for re-use Coaching and mentoring skills to help strengthen your team Flexible and adaptable with the ability to align to changing priorities Excellent verbal and written communication skills The candidate selected for this role will be required to attain Reliability Status Clearance. Occasional travel between Sun Life locations (Toronto, Waterloo) may be required depending on work assignment Periodic weekend/after-hours work may be required to support project implementations and system upgrades. Named 2021 “Best Places to Work” by Glassdoor Canada Award for Excellence for Mental Health at Work - 2021 Flexible hybrid work model including in-country work-from-home if you prefer. Pension, stock and savings programs to help build and enhance your future financial security Work and professional development that is united by our Purpose: to help Clients and Employees achieve lifetime financial security and live healthier lives A friendly, collaborative and inclusive culture Be part of our continuous improvement journey in developing the next greatest digital enterprise experience. Competitive salary and bonus structure influenced by market range data A common sense dress code, where you decide how you dress based on your day The opportunity to move along a variety of career paths with amazing networking potential 
ScrapedJobID1422:

ScrapedJobID1423:
Comfortable with technology systems and FULLSTACK TECHIES internal tools 4+ years’ experience developing software products – any language 2+ years hands-on experience developing applications with Python 2+ years of UI development using jQuery or other JavaScript library (jQuery preferred, Angular, vue.js, React, etc. are acceptable) At least some development experience with Node.js Familiarity with writing and optimizing SQL queries is required Experience with Bootstrap HTML/CSS UI development is a bonus Good Experience with Python in an AWS environment is a bonus, especially Python lambda functions in AWS Ability to contribute anywhere in the stack and wear multiple hats A focus on quality: Write your own unit tests, integrations tests Focus on data-driven decision making and learning by experimentation Python, Django, REACT, NODE, Python Script, HTML, CSS Database optimization Experienced in AWS – EC2, RDS, SES, S3 Familiarity with Agile Methodology, Test-Driven Development and software design patterns 
ScrapedJobID1424:

ScrapedJobID1425:
Responsible for guiding and creating remarkable and progressive digital experiences for a variety of audiences to support our business in Canada, with an emphasis on responsive and mobile designs Work closely with stakeholders to define the user experience for secure digital properties, ensuring they closely align with the client's key success factors Work collaboratively with fellow members of the team to conceptualize design and prototype ideas for implementation on the web and mobile Apply user-centred design principles to influence project strategy and direction Advocate for data-driven design solutions for web and mobile Define user personas, and map user journeys Create distinctive, branded digital experiences that are desirable and consistent across multiple platforms, devices and channels Develop user scenarios, personas, user flows, design concepts, low and high-fidelity wireframes, and prototypes, UI standards documents, and other design documents as needed Design and deliver elegant and delightful visual elements of a coherent product experience Conduct concept and usability testing to iteratively validate and improve design solutions Explore solution space and refine concepts via wireframes and detailed high-fidelity design Define the visual style and position relative to design guidelines Build prototypes and test them with users to validate customer needs and understand requirements and behaviours Collaborate with other designers to maintain a level of design consistency and coherence across products and services Clearly articulate proposed design and key decisions with stakeholders Actively collaborate as part of the team to ensure designs are feasible and implemented accurately Ensure standards and best practices are appropriately communicated and documented Manage user experience deliverables produced by internal and 3rd party resources as required to ensure expectations are successfully met Produce annotated wireframes, design specs and other documentation as needed within all project timelines Ensure the workflow reflects the users’ needs and maintain consistency among features Determine the need for user research and user testing. Interpret and review research findings for presentations to project teams 3-5 years of experience in user-centered digital design and user experience Solid UX Practice/Process University degree or certification in User Experience, or equivalent work experience Solid portfolio demonstrating impactful customer experiences, including experience developing digital products from initial concept through to implementation Design experience ranging across web and mobile (mobile web and native applications) Strong knowledge and experience designing wireframes and interactive prototypes using industry software (e.g., Sketch and inVision) Familiar working with design systems that consistently scale across platforms Well-versed in current accessibility standards Strong visual design skills, able to create compelling, branded, high-fidelity product screens Strong verbal and writing communication skills with ability to articulate the value of a design choice to users and non-designer stakeholders. Excellent presentation skills Experience working with clients and various departments within a team environment Knowledge of current web standards and the latest trends Ability to successfully manage and deliver on multiple projects with competing deadlines and priorities Creative problem solving and analytical thinking Able to produce high-quality creative solutions in a fast-paced environment Synthesizes abstract ideas into tangible solutions for design Passionate about problem solving through design Sees value in taking an iterative design approach Strong sense of ownership and proactively advocates for the end user Open to taking on new challenges and learning new skills Collaborative, curious, empathetic, open-minded, innovative Understanding of front-end web development an asset (HTML, CSS, JS, etc.) Experience working in agile methodology is a plus 
ScrapedJobID1426:
Work with talented and dedicated co-workers Highly competitive compensation Designs and creates software with a focus on iterative, continuous development, where requirements and solutions evolve through collaboration between cross-functional teams Areas of specialization may include front-end and full stack development Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent combination of training and experience Minimum 5 years’ experience as a Front-end Developer Knowledge of full stack development practices, including each of the following: Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment/Delivery practices Container Platforms (Docker, OpenShift, Kubernetes, AWS, Azure) Git branching models (gitflow, github flow) Experience developing/coding with the following: JavaScript JavaScript framework (Vue/Vuetify and/or React/Bootstrap) plus test framework OAuth/OIDC WebSocket Preference will be given for experience developing/coding with any of the following: 
ScrapedJobID1427:
Utiliser les pratiques d’ingénierie Agile et divers logiciels et technologies de développement Web pour développer rapidement des solutions créatives et efficaces qui améliorent l’expérience des clients et des employés. Collaborer avec les autres membres de l’équipe pour créer des scénarios d’utilisateurs et des tests de conception clairs pour les prototypes et les produits, et afin d’offrir continuellement des améliorations de produits. Communiquer avec les équipes de TI au sujet des innovations numériques associées au fondement des systèmes de TI. Communiquer avec les partenaires commerciaux à propos des processus Agile pour établir et gérer les attentes relatives aux méthodes de livraison et aux échéanciers. Être un agent de changement et un promoteur de la mentalité agile Contribuer au milieu de travail collaboratif et stimulant Se garder à l’affût des nouvelles tendances et apporter des idées d’innovation Diplôme universitaire en informatique ou en génie logiciel Minimum 5 ans d’expérience en programmation en C # et .NET (4.7+ ou Core) Expérience et connaissance pratique de HTML / CSS et connaissance de Angular (versions 2 à 7), NGXS, Progressive Web App Connaissance pratique du développement sous Azure Solide connaissance des Microservices et expérience de leur développement Expérience d'utilisation de VSTS (Azure DevOps) est un atout Expérience des tests unitaires et des tests fonctionnels automatisés Passion pour le développement et une aptitude pour l'apprentissage continu Connaissance de l'intégration continue, de la livraison continue et du développement piloté par les tests Capacité démontrée à travailler et à prendre des décisions sans supervision Capacité à s'adapter rapidement aux évolutions technologiques et à évoluer dans un environnement de R & D Compétence en matière de planification et d’organisation, axée sur les résultats attitude de développement logiciel Use Agile engineering practices and various software and web development technologies to rapidly develop creative and efficient solutions that enhance the client customer and employee experience. Collaborate with other team members to craft clear user stories, design tests for prototypes and products, and continuously deliver product enhancements. Communicate with IT teams about any Digital innovations that are tying into bedrock IT systems. Communicate with business stakeholders about Agile processes to set and manage expectations about delivery methods and timelines. Be a change agent & Agile mindset promoter Contribute to the collaborative and stimulating work environment Be connected to the industry to know tendencies and suggest innovative ideas University degree in Software science or Software engineering Minimum 5 years’ experience programming in C# and .NET (4.7+ or Core) Experience and working knowledge of HTML/ CSS, and knowledge of Angular (versions 2-7), NGXS, Progressive Web App Working knowledge of development using Azure Strong knowledge of Microservices and experience developing them Experience using VSTS (Azure DevOps) is a plus Experience with unit testing and automated functional testing Passion for development and a demonstrated interest for continual learning Knowledge of continuous integration, continuous delivery and test-driven development Demonstrated ability to work and make decisions unsupervised Ability to adapt quickly to changes in technology and to operate in an R&D environment Result-oriented, strong planning and organizational skill Rigorous and creative software development attitude 
ScrapedJobID1428:
Candidate must be located within commuting distance of Mississauga Bachelor's degree or foreign equivalent required from an accredited institution. Will also consider three years of progressive experience in the specialty in lieu of every year of education. At least 4 years of Information Technology experience. Canadian citizens and those authorized to work in the Canada are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor at this time. At least 2 years of Development experience on C#, ASP.Net, Web Services, Entity Frameworks,, MVC, Web API and SQL Servers. Strong knowledge of .NET web framework Open to learning new cloud based technologies like AWS At least 3 years of experience in the software development life cycle. At least 2 years of experience in Project life cycle activities on development and maintenance projects. Willing to work in application/production support Strong communication and Analytical skills Ability to work in a team in a diverse/ multiple stakeholder environment Experience and desire to work in a Global delivery environment Good presentation and communication skills to express what is being worked on day-to-day activities 
ScrapedJobID1429:
5+ years of full software development lifecycle experience in the JavaScript ecosystem Significant experience with front-end web development specifically with React Adept at React State Management leveraging Redux 1+ year of professional experience spanning JQuery, Cypress, Puppeteer & Gherkin test frameworks 1+ year of experience leveraging a combination of: HTML5, CSS3/SASS, Jest, Enzyme, Mocha, MaterialUI API Driven design and development Solid analysis, documentation, and client-facing skills A strong curiosity about our clients' business needs coupled with a passion to stay on the cutting edge Consulting skills reflecting team building, flexibility, and customer service Demonstrated ability working in a geographically distributed onshore and offshore development team Ability to demonstrate skills in analysis, design, implementation, and development process Must currently reside in Canada and be eligible to work for any employer to apply (we exclusively hire direct salaried employees) Undergraduate Degree in Computer Science, Physics or Mathematics (Graduate Degree always is a plus) An Agile mindset with experience working in Agile environment A spirit of collaboration and transparent communication A natural curiosity for new scripting languages , frameworks and technologies High personal code/development standards (peer testing, unit testing, documentation, etc) 
ScrapedJobID1430:
Nearly all solutions we deliver consist of a .NET (C#) back-end, and a React/TypeScript front-end UI. In order to deliver a UI with which users can quickly explore and act on information, highly performant back-end services are essential. As a Full Stack Developer at Interface 48, you will apply various software patterns to implement robust and scalable back-end systems that are as simple as possible, but no simpler. Ideally, you will also have experience implementing distributed back-end systems using an actor model. You will also use modern web technologies to implement web-based, front-end UIs that integrate with back-end systems in the most effective way possible. You will have general knowledge of key software concepts such as: authentication, authorization, caching, and client-side state management. You will pay particular attention to domain design in order to ensure business logic is optimally encapsulated, thereby facilitating the implementation of query and command handlers. You will exercise sound judgement when designing front-end features to ensure a high-calibre UX, and have a keen eye for the details that matter most. You take pride in writing code that is clean, clear and concise - the type of code you'd want to come back to in a year's time when functionality is extended. You are capable of solving problems on your own, but also enjoy collaborating with others to find innovative solutions to unique problems. At least two years of professional experience with Full Stack .NET/React web application design & development. Strong communication skills, both verbal and written. Organized self-starter that can go it alone, and works well in a team. Excellent critical thinking and problem-solving abilities. Versatile, flexible and responsive to changing priorities. Innate curiosity for new software technologies and how they can be applied to your work. Business Analysis, specifically in terms of Requirements Gathering. Document requirements in the form of User Stories. Describe proposed UI designs as low-fidelity mock-ups. Possess a knack for consistent and intuitive UX design. Develop back-end software systems by applying DDD together with CQRS and Mediator patterns, using .NET (C#). Use DI built into the .NET Framework, or third-party DI solutions such as Autofac when more control required. Use ORM libraries including EF Core and Dapper to interface with relational databases, most notably, Microsoft SQL Server. Ability to read and write raw SQL queries/commands. Implement Worker Services (e.g. Windows Services) in which to host long-running back-end services. Integrate cloud computing services and other third-party external APIs. Experience with NuGet package management, and basic PowerShell scripting. Develop web applications using React. JavaScript proficiency, including knowledge of modern features such as the spread operator, rest parameters, Promises and async/await functions. TypeScript to ensure codebase type safety. Integrate REST- and RPC-based HTTP APIs within JavaScript applications. Apply Flux architecture, and specifically Redux for client-side state management. CSS3 and JSS for styling components. Competent with build tooling that involves NPM/Yarn and Node.js. Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or similar. Interview individuals to assess their needs, and help lead workshops to gather requirements. Write Options Evaluation and other Technical Reports. Develop User Acceptance Tests that help ensure application requirements are met. Manage development tasks using Azure DevOps. Experience with VS Code and Visual Studio. Familiar with Jenkins CI/CD Pipelines. Knowledge of Akka.NET and how it may be used to develop a distributed software system based on an actor model. Knowledge of Material Design and associated design patterns. Sound like a good fit? If you found yourself nodding your head while reading through the above, please send through a Resume with Cover Letter via Isarta with "Re: Full Stack .NET/React Developer Opening" in the subject line. 
ScrapedJobID1431:
Work with new applications/technologies working both front-end and back-end web development projects Development, maintenance, support, debug and documentation of new development projects and existing web applications Design, build and maintain efficient, reusable and reliable code Assist in defining software architectures Participate in bug resolution Build appropriate unit and integration tests Participate in various phases of test development cycle (unit, functional, integrated, acceptance) Translate designs and style guides provided by the team into functional user interfaces Contribute to continual improvement by suggesting improvements to user interface, software architecture or new technologies Have a bachelor’s Degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science or a combination of education and experience in software development Minimum of 5 years as a Developer Frontend web development (Angular). Backend RESTful API development (Java). Experience with Agile methodologies. Experience of test-driven development. Experience coding in Java, Python and Typescript/JavaScript. Experience setting up continuous integration and deployment pipelines. Experience of Windows and UNIX based operating systems. Experience with Azure DevOps or equivalent. Experience coding in Go. Experience with the Vert.x framework. Permanent position, competitive base salary, bonuses and annual performance reviews Fully paid by the employer medical, dental, life, short/long term disabilities insurance Lots of things to learn through skilled sparring partners Flexible work from home options available Become a key member of a dynamic and award winning company that is a recognized worldwide industry leader 
ScrapedJobID1432:
Create customer facing web applications using modern technologies Maintain code quality by using or implementing development best practices Work with technology and business leadership to define the right technology solutions to solve complex problems Design, develop, test and deploy software applications Collaborate with team members in an agile environment Work with UI and UX teams to design and implement the best customer experiences Work within a mix of JavaScript front end technologies 2+ years of experience building web applications using Angular 7+, React and Bootstrap 4+ years of JavaScript experience building web applications using jQuery, HTML and CSS 4+ years working with browser API’s and optimizing front end application performance Post-secondary degree or diploma in Computer Science or related field Excellent knowledge of UI/UX best practices and client-side templating (mustache, handlebars, jade) and working with Bootstrap Experience using source control such as GitHub and working with data-handling using AJAX, JSON and REST API Github account with a portfolio for demonstration Experience writing unit test and automated testing tools Experience with Smart Phone application development Experience building and deploying solutions to cloud infrastructure Experience working in an agile environment Familiarity with design thinking and customer centric design Strong understanding of .Net framework Ability to think digital first and work in an ambiguous environment You are always up to date on new technologies and how the industry is changing A strong understanding of web application security best practices Curious Approachable Passionate Problem solver Associate discount Health and Dental benefits RRSP/DPSP Performance bonuses Learning & Development programs And more... Hybrid work environment both onsite and offsite 
ScrapedJobID1433:
Create Windows applications and web services using modern technologies Maintain code quality by using or implementing development best practices Work with technology leadership to define the right technology solutions to solve complex problems Help maintain and improve current applications by analyzing legacy application and migrate to new code base Support and troubleshoot production issues and provide timely fixes to address critical situations Support help desk to define procedures and scripts for first level and second level support Partner with QA to create test automation scripts 2+ years of experience building Windows and web application using C# and .Net framework 2+ years of experience building Remoting, Web Services, WCF, WPF and Web API 5+ years of experience of VB6/VC++6 for maintaining legacy applications Post-secondary degree or diploma in Computer Science or related field Experience programming WPF Windows Desktop Applications Experience using Entity framework, ADO .Net, LINQ, and ASP.Net and Web Services Experience with SQL 2008 and above database API’s, designing and development of DB Systems Experience using source control such as GitHub / Subversion and working with data-handling using AJAX, JSON and REST API Experience writing unit test and automated testing tools Experience VC++6 COM/DCOM object orientated programming technologies Experience VB6 practical programming skills Experience industry standard test automation tools Familiarity with design thinking and customer centric design Passion to keep up to date on new technologies and how the industry is changing A strong understanding of Windows and web application security best practices Curious Approachable Passionate Solutions finder Associate discount Health and Dental benefits RRSP/DPSP Performance bonuses Learning & Development programs And more.. Hybrid work environment both offsite and onsite 
ScrapedJobID1434:
Lead the design of new applications, feature requests and projects, defining overall application design, and the future state. Review projects for initial effort, impact and complexity working directly with the Project Management Office on effort estimation and scoping. Develop unit and integration test for new features and applications. Provide best practices on software design and development. Responsible for meeting expectations and deliverables on time and in high quality. Improve the application landscape by identifying new opportunities to simplify existing processes through technical means. Identify and drive the future vision of the applications, ensuring high quality, efficiency and best practices are driving the future. Peer review .NET code as part of the peer review process. Provide a thorough understanding of internet security threats and risk management and advise on application development in regard to the OWASP standards. Together with the support team, ensure the stabilization of current applications and the introduction of new modules as appropriate. Provide second level support that meets the defined IT service levels and standards, and to meet or surpass business and customer expectations. Operates with high standards in regards to consumer and employee privacy of information, and industry compliance requirement. Support the information systems operate according to internal standards, external accrediting agency standards and legal requirements. Ensures the integrity of IT assets. Explore new technologies for future planning and potential implementation. Identify key areas for improvement in current applications, processes and drive the future vision. Interface with industry on current trends in business and information technology. Provide feedback to the business about projects and initiatives that affect or need to be supported by the current operating environment. Provide a thorough understanding of internet security threats and risk management and advise on application development in regard to the OWASP standards. Knowledge of and implementation of standards in regards to consumer and employee privacy of information, and industry compliance requirement University Degree in Computer Science or related area 7-8 years in .NET based (C#, ASP.NET) web applications development Strong experience in developing web services (SOAP/REST), integration with ORMs (Hibernate) Working experience with relational databases (SQL Server) Experience with Front End development is preferred e.g. Angular, JavaScript, HTML, CSS Experience with Microsoft Azure is an asset Experience with MS Dynamics 365 is an asset Experience within Financial Services industry is an asset Monday to Friday Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1435:
You will write well designed, testable, efficient code by using best software development practices You will gather and refine specifications and requirements based on technical needs You will be directing day-to-day activities in a manner consistent with our risk culture and the relevant risk appetite statement and limits and communicate it throughout the team. You will create an environment in which your team pursues effective and efficient operations of their respective areas while ensuring the adequacy, adherence to and effectiveness of day-to-day business controls to meet obligations with respect to risk and compliance You will create and maintain software documentation You will be creating software for Scotiabank Commercial Customers and Scotiabank Employee’s You have experience working with authenticated, customer focused software You have deep knowledge and experience with REST API design, Java Spring Boot You have a deep knowledge and experience with HTML / JavaScript / Typescript CSS You have experience with one modern JS framework – specifically, React You’ve built accessible and internationalized web applications before (Java, J2EE) You have built software for customers and employees You stay up to date with industry best practice You have excellent communication skills, problem solving skills, and attention to detail We have an inclusive and collaborative working environment that encourages creativity and curiosity and celebrates success! We provide you with the tools and technology needed to create meaningful customer experiences You'll get to work with and learn from diverse industry leaders, who have hailed from top technology companies around the world We hire you for your talent not just a job so you can grow with us. We’ll equip you for success not only in your role, but also in your career as a whole Access to thousands of online and in-person courses so you can hone your current skills, or learn new ones A competitive rewards package that includes a base salary, a performance bonus, company matching programs on pension and profit sharing, paid vacation, personal & sick days, medical, vision, and dental benefits that start from day one and much more! 
ScrapedJobID1436:
BS/MS in computer science or equivalent work experience. 6+ years’ experience developing web, software, or mobile applications. DevOps experience with AWS infrastructure. Experience in designing and developing front-end web applications using React/Redux or Angular framework. Experience designing and implementing scalable web services with REST or SOAP APIs, preferably using frameworks such as Spring, Express.js, or FastAPI. Experience in test driven development with familiarity with modern testing frameworks and tools such as Jest, JUnit, and Karate, etc. Solid understanding of design patterns and their application in writing highly scalable code. Strong desire for learning and growth with collaborative can-do attitude Ability to take initiative with a strong sense of ownership. Excellent problem-solving skills with the ability of breaking down complex problems into simple executable tasks. Excellent communication and presentation skills. Passion for growing and applying technical skills in service to customers Experience with Agile Development, SCRUM, and/or Extreme Programming methodologies Solid understanding of AI / Machine learning techniques to enhance content localization is a plus. Contribute to the design and architecture of the project with internal and external stakeholders and vendors. Gathering functional requirements, developing technical specifications, and project & test planning Act in a technical leadership capacity: Mentoring junior engineers, new team members, and applying technical expertise to challenging programming and design problems Roughly 70-85% hands-on coding Resolve defects/bugs during QA testing, pre-production, production, and post-release patches Work cross-functionally with various Intuit teams: product management, various product lines, or business units to drive forward results Experience with Agile Development, SCRUM, or Extreme Programming methodologies 
ScrapedJobID1437:
We're building a Kubernetes-native SaaS business that lives in the cloud. Our event-driven platform is underpinned with proven infrastructure technologies like Kafka, Postgres, and NoSQL storage. Our web UI uses modern technologies (like TypeScript, React, and GraphQL), and is always evolving to incorporate the best solutions for live, real-time interactions, that puts user experience first. Java and Spring-Boot have been a faithful workhorse powering our application. We're strongly committed to moving our code-base into the functional programming paradigm, introducing Scala superpowers, and making use of modern libraries and tooling. Build the next-generation of Statflo software with a collaborative and supportive team. Work in an agile environment with teammates in all types of roles. Build maintainable and understandable code. Share knowledge about what you've learned and built, and the challenges you've encountered, during our technology team get-togethers. Level-up everyone around you. Absorb the collective brilliance of your team. Bring our code and technologies to the next level! You have engineering experience in Scala or Java. A good understanding of web applications; Typescript and React, or other modern frameworks. You have experience using relational and NoSQL databases (column-oriented, graph, or other). Experience with API/micro-services design. Experience with deploying into and working directly with Kubernetes. Disciplined in your use of testing and automated deployment. You use, or are passionate about learning, typed functional programming. You understand category-theoretic concepts, and know how to apply them in a practical and approachable manner. You have a sense of ownership and responsibility for the code you write. Effective communication and collaboration skills. You are eager to problem-solve and troubleshoot. 
ScrapedJobID1438:

ScrapedJobID1439:
8 hour shift Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID1440:
Our Client is growing at an incredible pace even during these uncertain times and are continuing to scale out their Toronto office. You will be a key contributor to their goal of accelerating the way space providers and occupiers plan, market, lease and manage space. As such, you will: Work closely with engineers, product managers, designers, QA, and other business partners to discover and solve challenges for our customers. Collaborate with other engineers to incrementally craft high quality products and APIs for our customers (we deploy multiple times a day) Have organization wide impact through your work, departmental initiatives like brown bags and recruiting, being a mentor or on-boarding buddy, etc. 5 years+ professional experience Product software/SaaS experience (focus on large scalable tech, lots of users) MEAN/MERN Stack Agile software process and software design Experience delivering high-quality web applications for the consumer or enterprise. Strongly values automated testing and implements good testing practices. Experience architecting solutions to problems in a thoughtful way - limiting number of technologies, ability to justify decisions, can articulate trade-offs well, etc. Experience presenting technical projects and problems to non-technical folks and the ability to explain and justify the business reasons. 
ScrapedJobID1441:

ScrapedJobID1442:
Support and guide the client in the analysis and definition of needs, in orientation, as well as in the choice and evaluation of appropriate technological solutions 
ScrapedJobID1443:
Flexible work schedule. Never have the feeling of being late again! Unlimited paid time off. Want a few extra vacation days for your overseas trip? No problem. Need to extend your weekend staycation? Just let us know! Birthday and work anniversary celebrations. We love to celebrate you! We'll gift you gift cards or dinner for these special occasions. We promise not to make you awkwardly stand there while we sing ?happy birthday? to you. Remote work options are available. Work where you work best (though this may vary on the type of role and responsibilities). Many of our team members are working from home 80-90% of the year (permanent work-from-home opportunities available). Drop-And-Go Offices are available. Prefer a change of scenery or tired of hearing your roommates daily 9 am Zoom calls? We have frequently sanitized, recently renovated, and pet-friendly offices in the GTA! Casual dress code in effect and come and go as you please! Free healthy snacks. Just let us know what snacks or coffee/tea keep you fueled, and we'll stock them for the kitchen. Office gym. Eat too many of those snacks? Our employee-only office gym at our head office in Mississauga is available for you 24/7. It's no Globo gym but it'll do! Paid time off to volunteer. Are you involved in a local non-profit or do you enjoy pro-bono consulting? Outgivers get paid time off to give back to the community. Recognition programs. Convert your daily or weekly peer-to-peer brownie points for gift cards, trips, food, and more! Lead team meetings, check in with your team of Junior to Intermediate Web Developers and support them as required. Work on actual development and coding of projects. Present updates to stakeholders and executives, make recommendations, and work in cross-functional teams. Implement architecture and strategy. Facilitate conversations that search for the best possible web development solutions and how to implement them with your team. Use your knowledge and skills in Node.js, Postgres, DevOps, AWS, and azure. You love being a Developer and mentor to Junior Devs. You have team leadership experience or a passion for leadership and a willingness to take on the managerial aspect of the role. You have strong listening and presentation skills and can lead stakeholder meetings to discuss progress, updates, and strategic brainstorming. You thrive under pressure and tight timelines, with an ability to shift priorities based on client or operational needs. You have experience working on "production-grade applications", so should have proven experience creating something that has already been deployed and has users. You should be proficient in Node.js, Postgres, DevOps, AWS, and azure. Exhibit our 4 core values. Our 4Gs - grit, growth, gratitude, and greatness - are what drive us all to keep growing and learning as Outgivers. Project management and/or eCommerce experience. A desire to work in an exciting, fast-paced, global company with remote team members around the world. 
ScrapedJobID1444:
Support the developers in delivering serverless web applications leveraging AWS Cloud Technologies (Lambda, API Gateway, Cognito, EMR, Batch, Elasticsearch, DynamoDB, RDS, EKS, MKS, S3, Redshift) Participate in development of analytics and web applications for underwriting & pricing solutions (AWS Elastic Kubernetes Service, Fargate, ECS, Kakfa, Docker, EKS on Fargate) Build monitoring and reporting dashboards for various web applications (AWS Elasticsearch, Kibana, Cloudwatch, Lambda) Create and maintain CI/CD pipelines for all web applications (Azure Devops, git) Create and maintain infrastructure as code (Cloud Formation, Terraform) Develop and support Interoperability APIs and Microservice applications Plan and estimate development tasks Conduct unit testing on developed code, with automated testing where relevant. Implement AWS resources following security, networking and compliance standards Create and maintain build and release DevOps pipelines Create security and compliance auto-remediation system (Lambda, SNS, Cloudwatch, Config, Guard Duty, Organizations) Automate and Govern resource creation in AWS with CloudFormation templates and AWS Service Catalog Create CloudFormation templates to use as infrastructure as code Experience with Cloud Computing Services (AWS preferred) Experience with Cloud Formation and/or Terraform Experience maintaining a Kubernetes environment Coding experience with Python Experience with SQL Understanding of Object Oriented Design Ability to work under pressure within a fast paced team Strong communication skills and willingness to take initiative Graduated in program in Computer Science/Engineering, Software Engineering, or similar Knowledge of version control such as git Understanding of task queuing and distributed systems Experience with agile development methodology & software developer life cycle Desire to learn new technologies (VueJS, ReactJS, Python, AWS, Docker, Serverless Architecture, AWS Lambdas, AWS Fargate, AWS EKS, AWS EMR, DynamoDB) Knowledge of ELK stack (ElasticSearch, LogStash & Kibana) and Github would be a bonus Knowledge and use of Github Immediate. Permanent and full-time. 
ScrapedJobID1445:
Provide expertise with application and database integration technologies, including solution and service-oriented architectures. Provide technical advice and weigh in on technical decisions that impact other teams or the company at large. Taking initiative to identify and solve important problems, making balanced trade-offs with respect to the whole system. Researching and proposing new technologies. Ability to demonstrate extensive ownership of different business modules and components. Follow Agile/Scrum Methodology: daily scrums, grooming, planning, retrospectives, and project meetings as required. Liaise with Product Management, DevOps and other project teams as required. Work with the Product Management team to help in the gathering and documentation of requirements. Quickly ramp up and apply any new technologies and processes. Enjoy working in a highly collaborative & dynamic team environment. Actively participate into code reviews and any technical sharing or collaborating interactions Proposing code improvements and usage of design patterns Have an agile and cloud mindset and be ready to use it. Debugging, doing root cause analysis on, or fixing any issues 5-8 years of software development experience in Java (developing Spring based applications) University degree in Computer Science, Programming, or equivalent education Self-learner and someone who is not afraid to embrace latest technologies. Proven ability to design software applications following object-oriented methodologies. Demonstrated experience implementing solutions that are scalable and highly available based on industry best practices. Software development experience in Java/J2EE and Spring eco-system (Core, MVC, Batch, Boot, etc.) Micro-services experience in implementation and API design Exposure to Cloud technologies: AWS, Azure, etc. Knowledgeable with data access technologies (Hibernate, OData, etc.) Experience with REST, especially with Java API for Restful Web Services, JSON data structures Experience with Git / Bamboo / Bitbucket / GitLab and working with CI/CD pipelines Knowledgeable in Continuous Delivery practices Knowledge of Database SQL (MSSQL and Oracle, etc.) Angular experience Testing frameworks experience (Jest, Jasmine, Cypress, Selenium) Static analysis code tools: SonarQube. Good knowledge of Linux and Bash Shell Scripting. .Net experience Bonuses Insurance coverage as of Day One Paid vacation and personal days RRSP matching Personal Spending Account (PSA) A modern Continuous Performance Process approach A dynamic and engaged culture Open-concept workspace with spectacular views of the city! 
ScrapedJobID1446:
Company events Paid time off 8 hour shift Front-end development: 2 years (preferred) RESTful/SOAP/GraphQL based web services: 2 years (preferred) NodeJS, Python or Golang: 2 years (preferred) Mandarin (preferred) 
ScrapedJobID1447:
JavaScript: Typescript, Node.js, ReactJS, Next.js, React-Native, Objection.js, Knex. UI: CSS, SCSS, Bootstrap. Database: Postgres w/ TimescaleDB, Redis. DevOps: AWS, Netlify, Linux, Bash. Developer Tools: MacOS, Jetbrains WebStorm, npm, GitHub/Bitbucket, Postico, Jira Software Engineering:
You will take responsibility for one or more features to be built out in the current sprint.
You will work with the product team to refine the feature spec into a user story and identify what functionality needs to be added, where the functionality needs to be added, etc..
You will implement assigned features in a manner that will scale out effectively as we grow. You will take responsibility for one or more features to be built out in the current sprint. You will work with the product team to refine the feature spec into a user story and identify what functionality needs to be added, where the functionality needs to be added, etc.. You will implement assigned features in a manner that will scale out effectively as we grow. Quality Assurance:
You will work with engineers to design appropriate test cases for their web/mobile application as well as their backend APIs.
You will perform tests on software and record results.
You will identify bugs and log them into their issue tracking system.
You will take ownership of bugs, and either push them through the bug fix process via another engineer or fix them yourself.
You will retest and ensure bugs have been resolved. You will work with engineers to design appropriate test cases for their web/mobile application as well as their backend APIs. You will perform tests on software and record results. You will identify bugs and log them into their issue tracking system. You will take ownership of bugs, and either push them through the bug fix process via another engineer or fix them yourself. You will retest and ensure bugs have been resolved. Make Improvements:
Do you see something that can be improved in their stack or with their processes? Don’t just tell them about it. Take some initiative and improve it yourself! Do you see something that can be improved in their stack or with their processes? Don’t just tell them about it. Take some initiative and improve it yourself! Motivation: You should be self-driven and excited to work on this product. Commitment: You do not take the responsibilities that you are given, lightly. Independent Thinking: While we need a doer, we especially need people who can think and contribute to the greater goal without necessarily being prompted to do so. Team Player: You understand that you + team = success. There is no “I” in team. Responsibility: You will become comfortable working with others as well as taking responsibility for decisions that will deeply affect their software and their users. Practical Experience: You will be well acquainted with the agile software development approach and the software development cycle through practical experience. Startup Life: You will get hands-on experience in what it takes to work in a true startup environment and ship product. Support: Don’t worry, we want to see you succeed. Active mentorship and guidance will be provided to you for further career development. The salary range for this position is $110,000.00 - $150,000.00 (depending on the amount of equity chosen) Casual dress Employee stock purchase plan Paid time off Stock options Work from home Monday to Friday OOP: You are an expert with Object Oriented Programming (OOP) concepts and Data Structures. While you are comfortable with functional programming, you tend to think OOP design patterns. Node.js/JavaScript/TypeScript: You are a humble 10/10 expert with Node.js development on server, JavaScript on browser and have expert knowledge of async/await semantics. You have used TypeScript in at least two major projects and it has saved your butt once or twice (you’ll tell them how). React and Next.js: You are a humble 10/10 expert with React and have developed 5 or more React browser apps in the past. You have worked on at least three major Next.js app with your JavaScript/Typescript/React skills. React-Native: You have worked on at least two React-Native apps with your JavaScript/Typescript skills targeting iOS and Android platforms in the past, and they are available on the iOS / Google Play store now. You are comfortable writing native code in Swift or Java where necessary. You are comfortable with push notifications and the interface between React-Native and native iOS/Android bits. PostgreSQL: You are a humble 10/10 expert with SQL, crafting relational DB Schemas, queries, and stored procedures in PL/pgSQL. You have used Postgres in at least one major project. Bonus points for having used TimescaleDB in a major project in the past. *nix Command Line: You are extremely comfortable with bash and interacting with *nix on the command line. Thinking From User POV: You have the ability to think from the perspective of the end user when it comes to features. MacBook: Our entire development environment is built for Mac. You are using a Mac for your day-to-day. Candidate Focus: You have completed Computer Science or Computer Engineering degree or similar degree in a technical discipline. If you do not have such a degree, you have substitutable real-world experience making production applications. Work Experience: You have 5-8 years of work experience working in multi-disciplinary teams. Your focus has been purely software engineering and have worked both on the Front-End and Back-End equally. You have been mentored by a Senior Full-Stack Engineer and are looking forward to taking on more technical and architectural responsibility. 
ScrapedJobID1448:
5 years+ professional experience Product software/SaaS experience (focus on large scalable tech, lots of users) MEAN/MERN Stack (like Java, Angular, Ruby on Rails, React, NodeJS, Pythonetc.) Agile software process and software design (experience with Scrum, Kanban, etc.) Experience delivering high-quality web applications for the consumer or enterprise. Strongly values automated testing and implements good testing practices. Experience architecting solutions to problems in a thoughtful way - limiting number of technologies, ability to justify decisions, can articulate trade-offs well, etc. Experience presenting technical projects and problems to non-technical folks and the ability to explain and justify the business reasons. Our client is growing at an incredible pace even during these uncertain times and are continuing to scale out their Toronto office. You will be a key contributor to their goal of accelerating the way space providers and occupiers plan, market, lease and manage space. As such, you will: Work closely with engineers, product managers, designers, QA, and other business partners to discover and solve challenges for our customers. Collaborate with other engineers to incrementally craft high quality products and APIs for our customers (we deploy multiple times a day) Have organization wide impact through your work, departmental initiatives like brown bags and recruiting, being a mentor or on-boarding buddy, etc. Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID1449:
Building a platform to analyze and evaluate every part of the self-driving stack, including pipelines and the web frontend to manage benchmarks Developing on-premises cluster projects as well as utilizing public cloud computing infrastructure services Building web-based tools to optimize manual workflows such as test cases design and result analysis Proactively identify problems and make technical suggestions on requirements 4+ years of experience in building highly scalable enterprise web applications Experience in developing secured API and publishing user document Excellent knowledge of different API mechanism such as REST, RPC/gRPC, HTTP, GraphQL Experience in developing extensible APIs and highly maintainable services. Experience in deploying, monitoring and maintaining services and systems. Excellent knowledge of databases like Dynamodb, Mongodb, SQL Fluent in JavaScript & Python Understanding of SOA, SAAS, and REST/OAuth/JSON architectures and services. Familiar with front-end Vue.js framework Familiar with back-end Flask or Django framework Visa sponsorship is available for this position Opportunity for professional growth and career advancement Competitive salary and benefits Up to a 20% discretionary bonus. Shape the landscape of autonomous driving 100% Company paid Medical, Vision, and Dental insurance plan Company paid education/training. Company paid gym membership. 
ScrapedJobID1450:
Design and develop robust new AEM components or modify existing ones, including their configuration, Java code, client libraries, and templates that meet business, technical and quality requirements. Provide technical guidance to AEM developers around best practices in AEM development - both back-end and front-end execution Configure Apache/Dispatcher front-end web servers as needed for existing and new websites for web applications, integrations, and services Review and approve/decline pull requests for merging code into the main branches of Bitbucket repository. Work closely with onsite and offshore developers, as well as Product Owner and stakeholders. Assist technical support staff, project managers, and users as needed to support business applications by diagnosing complex production issues requiring extensive analysis and troubleshooting. Provide technical guidance to projects ensuring risks are mitigated and projects are implemented successfully Contribute to defining timelines and plans; research and estimate feasibility, cost, time and scope 5+ years experience developing applications with AEM 5+ years hands on experience in creating OSGI bundles, AEM Templates/Components and Workflows. Understanding the broader Adobe Marketing Cloud product stack, web markup, including HTML5 and CSS3, client-side scripting, and JavaScript frameworks Experience with Adobe’s latest maven archetype for building AEM projects - NPM, specifically webpack (https://www.npmjs.com/package/webpack) to allow for the use of Sass for compiled css files (https://sass-lang.com/) a definite bonus to have. Strong experience in using the following aspects of AEM: Sling, Dialog Configuration, Authoring Environment, CRX DE, Package Manager, User Administration Area, Assets Area, OSGi consoles 7+ years of Web application development experience including REST, Java, J2EE, Javascript, jQuery, Bootstrap, AJAX, JSON, HTML5, CSS3 and ReactJS Experience integrating AEM with other Adobe Marketing Cloud products, such as Analytics, Target, Campaign 7+ years experience with Unix/Linux, web and web hosting technologies 5+ years experience using DevOps tools (Jenkins, Artifactory, BitBucket, Maven, CDD/Ansible) and also Adobe Cloud Manager Flexible and adaptable with the ability to align to changing priorities Adaptable to working on teams delivering in a Waterfall or agile style Customer obsession – customers are at the centre of all we do Self-directed and proactive Coaching and mentoring skills to help strengthen your team Periodic weekend/after-hours work may be required to support project implementations and system upgrades. Occasional travel between Sun Life locations (Toronto, Waterloo) may be required depending on work assignment The candidate selected for this role is required to have special clearance from the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. To see if you are eligible for this clearance, please review the section 201 on the Federal Government site (http://iss-ssi.pwgsc-tpsgc.gc.ca/msi-ism/ch2-prt1-eng.html) Being part of our journey in developing the next greatest digital experience Flexible Benefits from the day you join to meet the needs of you and your family Pension, stock and savings programs to help build and enhance your future financial security 
ScrapedJobID1451:
This role is full stack the LAMP stack and Javascript The company has also started to use NodeJS/VueJS so developers will definitely have the opportunity to pick up that skillset, in addition to AWS There will be API development as well (REST) and they are considering implementing microservice architecture Hybrid on-site position in Richmond Hill Proven experience with Object Oriented PHP design and web application development (not scripting) Experience with any modern JavaScript framework (Angular, React, etc.) Experience with Web Service APIs (REST) Experience with any PHP frameworks - Symfony, Zend, CakePHP, CodeIgniter, PHPDoctrine, Laravel, etc. Experience with commercial B2B or B2C application development – larger scale preferred Good Linux command line skills Proven experience with MySQL or other RDBMS Good communication and presentation skills Exposure to VueJS and/or NodeJS Strong on code management, bug tracking, TDD, Agile, etc Exposure to virtualization software (Docker, Kubernetes, VMware, VirtualBox, etc.) Experience with Git, Bitbucket, Gitlab, GitHub etc. 
ScrapedJobID1452:
Develop frontend software solutions by studying information needs like studying systems flow, data usage and work processes; investigating problem areas; following the software development lifecycle Determine operational feasibility by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development and proposed solutions Document and demonstrate solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code Prepare and install solutions by determining and designing system specifications, standards, and programming Update job knowledge by studying state-of-the-art development tools, programming techniques and computing equipment Participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks Protect operations by keeping information confidential Provide information by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing development and production issues Accomplish engineering and organization mission by completing related results as needed Understand company needs to define enterprise system specifications Collaborating with other GIS software professionals to determine functional and non-functional Bachelor's degree with major course work in computer science or a related field is required. Equivalent work experience in a similar position may be substituted for education requirements At least 5-7 years of experience with software engineering, system administration, programming, and/or a related field Strong proficiency in JavaScript, including DOM manipulation and the JavaScript object model Knowledge of HTML/CSS, JQuery Familiarity with RESTful APIs Prior experience with popular React.js workflows (such as Flux or Redux) Familiarity with code versioning tools, especially Git/Github Familiarity with modern front-end build pipelines and tools Experience with common front-end development tools such as Babel, Webpack, NPM, etc. Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements A knack for benchmarking and optimization A technical mindset with great attention to detail Problem-solving aptitude Développer des solutions logicielles front-end en étudiant les besoins en informations comme l'étude des flux des systèmes, l'utilisation des données et les processus de travail ; enquêter sur les domaines problématiques; suivant le cycle de vie du développement logiciel Déterminer la faisabilité opérationnelle en évaluant l'analyse, la définition du problème, les exigences, le développement de solutions et les solutions proposées Documenter et démontrer des solutions en développant de la documentation, des organigrammes, des mises en page, des diagrammes, des graphiques, des commentaires de code et un code clair Préparer et installer des solutions en déterminant et en concevant les spécifications, les normes et la programmation du système Mettre à jour les connaissances professionnelles en étudiant les outils de développement de pointe, les techniques de programmation et l'équipement informatique Participer à des opportunités éducatives; lire des publications professionnelles; entretien des réseaux personnels Protéger les opérations en gardant les informations confidentielles Fournir des informations en collectant, analysant et résumant les problèmes de développement et de production Accomplir la mission d'ingénierie et d'organisation en complétant les résultats connexes au besoin Comprendre les besoins de l'entreprise pour définir les spécifications du système d'entreprise Collaborer avec d'autres professionnels des logiciels SIG pour déterminer les fonctions fonctionnelles et non fonctionnelles Un baccalauréat avec des cours majeurs en informatique ou dans un domaine connexe est requis. Une expérience de travail équivalente dans un poste similaire peut être substituée aux exigences de formation Au moins 5 à 7 ans d'expérience en génie logiciel, en administration système, en programmation et/ou dans un domaine connexe Solide maîtrise de JavaScript, y compris la manipulation DOM et le modèle d'objet JavaScript Connaissance de HTML/CSS, JQuery Familiarité avec les API RESTful Expérience préalable avec les workflows React.js populaires (tels que Flux ou Redux) Familiarité avec les outils de versioning de code, en particulier Git/Github Familiarité avec les pipelines et les outils de création front-end modernes Expérience avec les outils de développement front-end courants tels que Babel, Webpack, NPM, etc. Capacité à comprendre les exigences commerciales et à les traduire en exigences techniques Un talent pour l'analyse comparative et l'optimisation Un esprit technique avec une grande attention aux détails Aptitude à la résolution de problèmes 
ScrapedJobID1453:

ScrapedJobID1454:
Participates in daily stand-up, sprint planning, sprint review and retrospective Participates in discussions of business requirements and solution design Reviews existing codes to gain thorough understanding of application logic and business rules Implements major enhancements to existing mission-critical FoxPro desktop application and web application for Mortgage sector Implements code changes to other sectors’ FoxPro applications based on business needs such as change requests, enhancement and performance improvement Performs thorough web security, system integration, regression, functional and performance tests, keep track defects and fix them promptly Creates ETL jobs to transfer FoxPro data to SQL database for reporting purposes Provides application support and user support after production implementation At least 5-years strong experience in developing and maintaining FoxPro Desktop & Web applications (database design and optimization, development, forms, reports, integration). Has good experience writing secure codes, using security scanner to identify security vulnerabilities and fixing vulnerabilities Experience working in SCRUM or iterative development environment Has extensive experience in providing user support and production support Strong problem-solving, troubleshooting and resolution skills are mandatory Good communication skills and interpersonal skills are mandatory Must be able to take ownership and take initiative, work well both independently and as part of team. Must have strong learning capability to quickly pick up business domain knowledge and additional technique skills and willingness to share knowledge with team members. Experience and knowledge of OO design and programming is an asset Working experience in financial industry or regulatory bodies (especially Insurance) and government agency is valuable. 
ScrapedJobID1455:

ScrapedJobID1456:
Expertise in Shopify Liquid template language Working knowledge in Custom Shopify APP development (experience with ReCharge 3-4 years experience working in a professional web-development environment Demonstrate a mastery of HTML, CSS/SCSS & JavaScript Collaborate with our talented design, UX and project management teams to transform Provide technical advice and input to the scope of work including platform Work to help architect, develop, test and deploy new components & site features for our Collaborate with the Creative Team to translate visual designs into responsive front end Assist with the integration / onboarding of new technologies and applications Provide long term solutions and short term options for common maintenance requests Build out custom Shopify themes and modifying pre-existing themes depending on the Implement marketing pixels and client-specific integrations Document technical procedures and best practice for our internal Wiki Work on multiple projects simultaneously Vet and manage relationships with technical service providers including hosting Collaborate with our talented design, UX and project management teams to transform Provide technical advice and input to the scope of work including platform Work to help architect, develop, test and deploy new components & site features for our Collaborate with the Creative Team to translate visual designs into responsive front end Assist with the integration / onboarding of new technologies and applications Provide long term solutions and short term options for common maintenance requests Build out custom Shopify themes and modifying pre-existing themes depending on the Implement marketing pixels and client-specific integrations Document technical procedures and best practice for our internal Wiki Represent Roswell in a professional manner during sales calls/meetings where technical Work on multiple projects simultaneously Vet and manage relationships with technical service providers including hosting Collaborate with our talented design, UX and project management teams to transform Provide technical advice and input to the scope of work including platform Work to help architect, develop, test and deploy new components & site features for our Collaborate with the Creative Team to translate visual designs into responsive front end Assist with the integration / onboarding of new technologies and applications Provide long term solutions and short term options for common maintenance requests Build out custom Shopify themes and modifying pre-existing themes depending on the Implement marketing pixels and client-specific integrations Document technical procedures and best practice for our internal Wiki Expertise in Shopify Liquid template language Working knowledge in Custom Shopify APP development (experience with ReCharge 3-4 years experience working in a professional web-development environment Demonstrate a mastery of HTML, CSS/SCSS & JavaScript Experience using JS libraries Well-versed in Git version control system Proficient with best practices in responsive design Solid knowledge of performance Improvement and optimization best practices Knowledge in data migration and synchronization between Shopify instances Fundamental understanding of Shopify and its API / Application ecosystem Excellent time management, problem solving, teamwork, and communication skills A passion for front-end architecture and learning new technologies. Deep understanding of ecommerce solutions, web design, development process, and Familiarity with A/B testing, SEO and data-driven practices Familiarity with analytics tools such as Google Analytics, GTM Familiarity with WCAG and accessibility best practices Positive attitude and problem solver Can work and stay well-organized between a variety of projects Ability to work independently to solve technical problems, mitigate risk, make decisions, Ability to work in a small and fast paced boutique environment Familiarity with WordPress a plus Experience building SPAs (Single Page Application) and PWAs (Progressive Web Front-end Javascript frameworks experience (React, Vue, Angular, Ember, etc.) TypeScript Familiarity with Slate and ThemeKit Understanding of SEO best practices Understanding of and experience implementing responsive UI/UX design Understanding of and experience implementing WCAG accessibility compliance Shopify App Development Strong full stack foundations Experience with server side Javascript (NPM, Node, Express) Experience with server side web and API dev (PHP, Ruby, Python, Java, .NET, etc.) Experience consuming third party APIs Experience with relational databases (MySQL, Postgres, SQL server, Oracle) Experience with schemaless DBs (MongoDB, etc.) Experience with Jira Experience using Git CLI and UIs, GitHub, and GitFlow branching and collaboration Agile experience a plus Server experience a plus (Linux/Unix/Apache/Nginx) Comfortable using CLI 
ScrapedJobID1457:
Working closely with engineering team, develop, maintain, and support company web applications Understanding application requirements and identifying key application features Collaborating with appropriate teams to set specifications for applications Design creative prototypes based on specifications Participate in regular team and project management meetings Keep up with the latest technologies and trends, with a goal to support continuous improvements Produce a high quality, low maintenance code that can be tested automatically and within deadlines Troubleshooting applications Write technical documentation on code you produce BA in Computer Science or Software Engineering preferred A minimum of 5 years of experience working as a Front-End developer Previous experience working in the oil & gas industry would be an asset Experience developing and using REST APIs Experience working on componentized and extensible web applications Experience with Angular, Typescript, JavaScript, HTML, and CSS Strong understanding of cookies, sessions, tokens, web sockets, and web components Experience working with javascript control libraries Experience working with Nx, NodeJs, and NPM Ability to troubleshoot and diagnose bugs using chrome developer tools Experience with ASP.NET Core and C# is preferable Willingness to take ownership and pride in your performance and its impact on company successes Excellent critical thinking and problem-solving skills Ability to be a team player as well as work independently Experience working with distributed virtual teams Strong organizational, planning and time management skills Strong attention to detail Excellent written and oral communication skills Competitive base salary Fantastic benefits package Career development and training opportunities 100% remote opportunity 
ScrapedJobID1458:
Analyze, design, configure, administer and manage MS Dynamics CRM; Create, modify and maintain functionalities of Microsoft Dynamics CRM; Actively engaged in the projects assigned to you: creating timelines, tasks definition and distribution, code review, implementation Guide, support and coach junior colleagues, consultants and offshore teams involved in the projects Work with a User Experience (UX) Specialist to enhance the user experience of MS Dynamics CRM; Extend the Dynamics CRM platform by using the supported API and C#.Net (e.g., Develop plug-ins for Dynamics CRM); Create and maintain SSRS Reports; Analyze, program and optimize database queries; Document programming changes and prepare user documentation; May be called upon to analyze, maintain and optimize SQL data bases and internet information services (IIS). Bachelor’s degree or college diploma in Computer Science (with complementary experience). 5 years’ experience in a similar position. Experience in development team coordination, an asset. Experience in project management, an asset Experience in customization and development of a CRM, Dynamics and asset. Experience with relational databases (SQL Server), programming languages (C#, ASP.NET, .NET Core). Web programming (JavaScript, HTML5, jQuery, Web Services, HTML and CSS). Familiar with Microsoft Dynamics Navision software, an asset. Sound knowledge of object-oriented programming concepts. (S.O.L.I.D. Principles) Sound knowledge in unit testing (MSBuild, XUnit) Experience with CI/CD Analyser, concevoir, configurer, administrer et gérer MS Dynamics CRM; Créer, modifier et maintenir les fonctionnalités de Microsoft Dynamics CRM; Activement engagé dans les projets qui vous sont confiés: création de délais, définition et distribution des tâches, revue de code, implémentation Guider, accompagner et coacher les collègues juniors, les consultants et les équipes offshore impliqués dans les projets Travailler avec un spécialiste de l'expérience utilisateur (UX) pour améliorer l'expérience utilisateur de MS Dynamics CRM; Étendre la plate-forme Dynamics CRM en utilisant l'API et C # .Net pris en charge (par exemple, Développer des plug-ins pour Dynamics CRM); Créer et maintenir des rapports SSRS; Analyser, programmer et optimiser les requêtes de base de données; Documenter les changements de programmation et préparer la documentation utilisateur; Peut être appelé à analyser, maintenir et optimiser des bases de données SQL et des services d'information Internet (IIS). Baccalauréat ou diplôme collégial en informatique (avec une expérience complémentaire). 5 ans d’expérience dans un poste similaire. Expérience en coordination d'équipe de développement, un atout. Expérience en gestion de projet, un atout Expérience de la personnalisation et du développement d'un CRM, de la dynamique et d'un actif. Expérience des bases de données relationnelles (SQL Server), des langages de programmation (C #, ASP.NET, .NET Core). Programmation Web (JavaScript, HTML5, jQuery, Web Services, HTML et CSS). Connaissance du logiciel Microsoft Dynamics Navision, un atout. Bonne connaissance des concepts de programmation orientée objet. (Principes S.O.L.I.D.) Bonne connaissance des tests unitaires (MSBuild, XUnit) Expérience avec CI / CD Capable d'établir des priorités, de respecter les délais et de travailler dans un environnement au rythme rapide. Très bonnes compétences en communication orale et écrite Analytique et attention aux détails. Leadership et autonome. Esprit d'équipe. Microsoft Dynamics CRM, un atout NET (3.5+) avec C #, y compris WCF et WF. ASP.NET Core, API Web Microsoft ASP.NET. Protocoles Rest et SOAP. Azure DevOps. Microsoft Internet Information Server (IIS). SQL Server 2012-2016 et SSRS. Workflow, Microsoft Active Directory. 
ScrapedJobID1459:
Utiliser les pratiques d’ingénierie Agile et divers logiciels et technologies de développement Web pour développer rapidement des solutions créatives et efficaces qui améliorent l’expérience des clients et des employés. Collaborer avec les autres membres de l’équipe pour créer des scénarios d’utilisateurs et des tests de conception clairs pour les prototypes et les produits, et afin d’offrir continuellement des améliorations de produits. Communiquer avec les équipes de TI au sujet des innovations numériques associées au fondement des systèmes de TI. Communiquer avec les partenaires commerciaux à propos des processus Agile pour établir et gérer les attentes relatives aux méthodes de livraison et aux échéanciers. Être un agent de changement et un promoteur de la mentalité agile Contribuer au milieu de travail collaboratif et stimulant Se garder à l’affût des nouvelles tendances et apporter des idées d’innovation Diplôme universitaire en informatique ou en génie logiciel Minimum 5 ans d’expérience en programmation en C # et .NET (4.7+ ou Core) Expérience et connaissance pratique de HTML / CSS et connaissance de Angular (versions 2 à 7), NGXS, Progressive Web App Connaissance pratique du développement sous Azure Solide connaissance des Microservices et expérience de leur développement Expérience d'utilisation de VSTS (Azure DevOps) est un atout Expérience des tests unitaires et des tests fonctionnels automatisés Passion pour le développement et une aptitude pour l'apprentissage continu Connaissance de l'intégration continue, de la livraison continue et du développement piloté par les tests Capacité démontrée à travailler et à prendre des décisions sans supervision Capacité à s'adapter rapidement aux évolutions technologiques et à évoluer dans un environnement de R & D Compétence en matière de planification et d’organisation, axée sur les résultats attitude de développement logiciel Use Agile engineering practices and various software and web development technologies to rapidly develop creative and efficient solutions that enhance the client customer and employee experience. Collaborate with other team members to craft clear user stories, design tests for prototypes and products, and continuously deliver product enhancements. Communicate with IT teams about any Digital innovations that are tying into bedrock IT systems. Communicate with business stakeholders about Agile processes to set and manage expectations about delivery methods and timelines. Be a change agent & Agile mindset promoter Contribute to the collaborative and stimulating work environment Be connected to the industry to know tendencies and suggest innovative ideas University degree in Software science or Software engineering Minimum 5 years’ experience programming in C# and .NET (4.7+ or Core) Experience and working knowledge of HTML/ CSS, and knowledge of Angular (versions 2-7), NGXS, Progressive Web App Working knowledge of development using Azure Strong knowledge of Microservices and experience developing them Experience using VSTS (Azure DevOps) is a plus Experience with unit testing and automated functional testing Passion for development and a demonstrated interest for continual learning Knowledge of continuous integration, continuous delivery and test-driven development Demonstrated ability to work and make decisions unsupervised Ability to adapt quickly to changes in technology and to operate in an R&D environment Result-oriented, strong planning and organizational skill Rigorous and creative software development attitude 
ScrapedJobID1460:
3+ years of professional experience in software development Good understanding of front-end technologies, including HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery Experience building user interfaces for websites and/or web applications Experience designing and developing responsive design websites Comfortable working with debugging tools like Firebug, Chrome inspector, etc. Ability to understand CSS changes and their ramifications to ensure consistent style across platforms and browsers Ability to convert comprehensive layout and wireframes into working HTML pages Knowledge of how to interact with RESTful APIs and formats (JSON, XML) Proficient understanding of code versioning tools Experience with system architecture or leading a software team is a strong advantage 
ScrapedJobID1461:
A BCIC New Ventures Competition Winner Plug and Play Startup Showdown Winner BCIP Innovation Challenge Award Winner Coast Capital Savings Venture Prize Winner A Ready To Rocket Winner 2018 & 2019 Winner of ISIC Disease Classification AI Competition 2018 Member of Canada’s Digital Technology Supercluster Winner of ITAC Ingenious of the Year Awards, 2019 Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent experience 3-5 years experience in software development Collaborate with system engineers, quality assurance and end users to produce cutting-edge software solutions. Proficient in Python application development (Knowledge of Django is a plus). Experience in Backend MVC web application development. Working experience with Linux server administration and scripting languages. Strong experience in relational databases (MySQL preferred). Experience building tools for development automation (building, testing, releasing or monitoring). Experience using source control tools (we use Git). Experience developing networked applications and using or building RESTful APIs. Experience with networking protocols and technologies (SSL, etc.) is a plus. Self-motivated, and good team working skills. Being able to write efficient and well-documented code. Experience in Apache, Memcached and other open source web server software is a plus. Experience in AWS cloud infrastructure is a plus. You are resourceful, a fast learner and curious about the latest tech and industry trends. Enhancing and developing the backend software that powers our platform. Being responsible for tuning, refactoring, and optimizing our databases for high scale should excite you. Creating a repeatable automated deployment process for internal and production environments. Investigating bugs, diagnosing issues, assisting the team in troubleshooting system issues in all environments. Working closely with the engineering team in delivering ongoing releases and updates. Defining and documenting the end-to-end release process. Being involved in making critical decisions that shape our technology stack. Write unit and functional tests for everything you do. 
ScrapedJobID1462:
Vacation/PTO Medical Dental Vision 401k  
ScrapedJobID1463:
Collaborate with internal business units to understand business goals & objectives Provide task estimates adjusted for complexity schedules and engineer skill levels Works with the team to break out stories and assigns to team members Defines quality software solutions mindful of performance, scalability and re-usability, in concert with our Enterprise Architect Establish best practices and an architectural roadmap, working closely with our Enterprise Architect & Engineering Leads Investigate and resolve system issues Monitors progress, identifying potential impediments and bottlenecks; steering the course so commitments are met and projects remain on track Experience using Java 8+ or GoLang. Experience working with distributed systems and microservices. Proficient with RESTful APIs and understanding HTTP request methods and response status codes and when to apply them. Solid understanding of good code architecture, design and testing best practices. Understand the value of documentation and design then code approach. Some development experience with front-end applications is an asset. University Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent knowledge/experience Excellent written and oral communication skills Awarded - Canada's Best Managed Companies — 2009-2014 Awarded - Deloitte Technology Fast 50 Leadership Award— 2015 Ranked - Deloitte Technology Fast 50 — 2010-2014 Ranked - Deloitte Technology Fast 500 — 2011-2014 Ranked - Branham 300 — 2010-2015 
ScrapedJobID1464:
Write reusable, well-tested UI code using a variety of modern technologies Create implementation plans to describe the work you intend to do, and review the plans created by others on the team Use and improve third-party UI components. Create own UI components when necessary Drive the design and implementation of features, with minimal involvement or assistance from other developers (outside of domain knowledge). Be a technical expert in modern frameworks and technologies Perform periodic peer code reviews Review requirements and UX designs, plan implementation effort, and interact with QA Don’t break the build. Merge like a boss Adhere to LMI Employee Policy Manual Be a JavaScript, TypeScript, HTML, and CSS ninja. Not only do you have experience with a variety of libraries/frameworks, but you should be able to reasonably explain how they work Be comfortable with ambiguity. A senior engineer needs to be able to take complex problems and distill them into a specific and actionable plan. Minimum 7 years working experience working in a Front-End web development role (JavaScript/TypeScript, HTML, CSS/LESS/SASS/) Degree (preferably Masters level) in Computer Science or Software/Computer Engineering, or equivalent experience. Experience with React, Webpack, MobX. Huge bonus points if you have past experience with OpenGL/WebGL, WebSockets, WebWorkers, parallel and multithreaded programming via WebWorkers, typed arrays Experience working with source control tools such as Git Experience with unit/integration testing. Ideal candidates would have experience working with web unit testing frameworks such as Jest, JsUnit, Karma, Jasmine Ability to work in an Agile development team and be accountable for your performance and documentation Superior English communication skills - both written and verbal 
ScrapedJobID1465:
You want to contribute technologically to the reduction of worldwide carbon emissions You want to help build a distributed power generation network You want to interact with a modern tech stack You want to contribute to the adoption of our end user applications You will have significant responsibility and influence in shaping the applications you build. We are looking for someone to iterate quickly on all stages from development to production, including bringing new products to market. Ability to execute front end and mobile development throughout the entire development process. Driving continuous improvements from leveraging modern tools and frameworks that enables us to release more frequently. Successful candidates will have strong engineering skills and communication, and a belief that data driven processes lead to great products. You will need to have a passion for quality and an ability to understand complex systems. Above all you should be passionate about solving real world problems, and brining value to the applications you create. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field 5 years’ as a front end JavaScript developer 2 years’ experience with Typescript, React.js and frameworks (such as Flux or Redux) Experience with building mobile apps in React Native Experience building scalable infrastructure software or distributed systems for commercial online services Experience with AWS services EC2, ECS, serverless computing, EBS, RDS, S3, IAM Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases Knowledge of CI/CD tools and processes; Git, Jenkins, Maven, CircleCI Comprehensive medical benefits Employer RRSP contribution matching Unlimited vacation (and we genuinely encourage you to use it) Work-from-home flexibility Spacious new office in the heart of downtown Vancouver 
ScrapedJobID1466:
The Application Developer is responsible for supporting, maintaining, and enhancing current and future business applications in a distributed environment, including SQL server, Business Intelligence, and .NET The primary development will be to support reporting solutions (database creation, Windows applications, batch reporting, web applications/services, etc), bringing in files, loading them, calculating metrics, loading into a table and exporting to the reporting side (Think ETL with some advanced business logic) This will be for items like subscription metrics, delivering financial reports to external partners This is not a front-end application The developer will work with the Business Analysts to take requirements, produce some standard technical documents (5%), and provide development insight to BA and Operations teams The role will also provide Level 2 support to your applications Lots of growth opportunities Client is moving to Agile and cloud solutions 5+ years Microsoft programming and analysis experience in distributed environment Proficiency in SQL applications, including Enterprise Manager and SQL Query Analyzer Experience creating database tables; indexes; Transact-SQL; stored procedures; triggers; SSIS/DTS packages; and reporting applications Strong working experience in SQL 2019 environments Strong working experience with ETL processes Strong working knowledge of: C#; C++; ASP Experience with financial, subscription management and business intelligence applications would be considered an asset Knowledge of AWS cloud database technologies including Aurora and Redshift would be considered an asset Able to convey technical knowledge to external vendors/clients would be considered an asset 
ScrapedJobID1467:
Work in cross-functional SCRUM teams to produce and release new applications, features, and enhancements to improve the user experience, applying the full understanding of software engineering discipline and industry best practices Design and rapidly prototype proposed solutions Work closely with senior development team members in major architecture projects, design and implementation Ensure the quality of the applications by using various types of automated testing methods in a continuous integration environment Resolve defects/bugs during pre-production, production, and post-release patches Coordinates technical dependencies with other SCRUM teams Participate in code reviews, analysis, and performance tuning Collaborate with other engineers to share best practices and knowledge of emerging technologies Work with a sense of urgency; embrace mistakes, learn from them, and drive the team toward success 5+ years of professional software development experience building single page web applications with RESTful web services on Windows Post-Secondary Degree in computer science, software engineering or related discipline or equivalent working experience Programming experience developing full stack web applications with the following technologies: C#.Net, JavaScript/TypeScript, JSON, HTML5/CSS, Angular, MS SQL Server, MySQL, Postgres Experience developing web applications for a commercial SaaS vendor/ISV Experience with design/implementation of microservice architecture Cloud infrastructure platforms such as AWS or Azure or Google Fluent with Microsoft tool set (TFS, Visual Studio, PowerShell), Git Must be legally entitled to work in the country where the role is located. Must be able to travel to the United States, Canada and/or internationally, and have a valid passport Demonstrated ability for attention to detail and passion for high quality software Excellent communication skills both written and verbal 
ScrapedJobID1468:
Develop frontend software solutions by studying information needs like studying systems flow, data usage and work processes; investigating problem areas; following the software development lifecycle Determine operational feasibility by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development and proposed solutions Document and demonstrate solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code Prepare and install solutions by determining and designing system specifications, standards, and programming Update job knowledge by studying state-of-the-art development tools, programming techniques and computing equipment Participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks Protect operations by keeping information confidential Provide information by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing development and production issues Accomplish engineering and organization mission by completing related results as needed Understand company needs to define enterprise system specifications Collaborating with other GIS software professionals to determine functional and non-functional Bachelor's degree with major course work in computer science or a related field is required. Equivalent work experience in a similar position may be substituted for education requirements At least 5-7 years of experience with software engineering, system administration, programming, and/or a related field Strong proficiency in JavaScript, including DOM manipulation and the JavaScript object model Knowledge of HTML/CSS, JQuery Familiarity with RESTful APIs Prior experience with popular React.js workflows (such as Flux or Redux) Familiarity with code versioning tools, especially Git/Github Familiarity with modern front-end build pipelines and tools Experience with common front-end development tools such as Babel, Webpack, NPM, etc. Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements A knack for benchmarking and optimization A technical mindset with great attention to detail Problem-solving aptitude Développer des solutions logicielles front-end en étudiant les besoins en informations comme l'étude des flux des systèmes, l'utilisation des données et les processus de travail ; enquêter sur les domaines problématiques; suivant le cycle de vie du développement logiciel Déterminer la faisabilité opérationnelle en évaluant l'analyse, la définition du problème, les exigences, le développement de solutions et les solutions proposées Documenter et démontrer des solutions en développant de la documentation, des organigrammes, des mises en page, des diagrammes, des graphiques, des commentaires de code et un code clair Préparer et installer des solutions en déterminant et en concevant les spécifications, les normes et la programmation du système Mettre à jour les connaissances professionnelles en étudiant les outils de développement de pointe, les techniques de programmation et l'équipement informatique Participer à des opportunités éducatives; lire des publications professionnelles; entretien des réseaux personnels Protéger les opérations en gardant les informations confidentielles Fournir des informations en collectant, analysant et résumant les problèmes de développement et de production Accomplir la mission d'ingénierie et d'organisation en complétant les résultats connexes au besoin Comprendre les besoins de l'entreprise pour définir les spécifications du système d'entreprise Collaborer avec d'autres professionnels des logiciels SIG pour déterminer les fonctions fonctionnelles et non fonctionnelles Un baccalauréat avec des cours majeurs en informatique ou dans un domaine connexe est requis. Une expérience de travail équivalente dans un poste similaire peut être substituée aux exigences de formation Au moins 5 à 7 ans d'expérience en génie logiciel, en administration système, en programmation et/ou dans un domaine connexe Solide maîtrise de JavaScript, y compris la manipulation DOM et le modèle d'objet JavaScript Connaissance de HTML/CSS, JQuery Familiarité avec les API RESTful Expérience préalable avec les workflows React.js populaires (tels que Flux ou Redux) Familiarité avec les outils de versioning de code, en particulier Git/Github Familiarité avec les pipelines et les outils de création front-end modernes Expérience avec les outils de développement front-end courants tels que Babel, Webpack, NPM, etc. Capacité à comprendre les exigences commerciales et à les traduire en exigences techniques Un talent pour l'analyse comparative et l'optimisation Un esprit technique avec une grande attention aux détails Aptitude à la résolution de problèmes 
ScrapedJobID1469:
PHP devs - 6-9 years exp. Experience with SQL 2016 Experience integrating legacy code Experience with JIRA and Agile High preference for self-starting Capable of investigating and troubleshooting solutions Highly capable of estimating or articulating criteria for accurate estimations High level of accountability and communication 
ScrapedJobID1470:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field Previous experience working as a React.js developer Extensive experience and knowledge of JavaScript, CSS, HTML, and other front-end technologies and concepts Knowledge of React tools including React.js, Webpack, Redux, Flux, etc Experience with user interface design Knowledge of performance testing frameworks such as Mocha and Jest Extensive experience with browser-based debugging and performance testing software Extensive experience working with REST APIs and/or OData 
ScrapedJobID1471:
Degree/Diploma in Computer Science, Software/Computer Engineering, Data Science, Mathematics or equivalent 3+ years of software application development at the enterprise level in a Java/J2EE environment, preferably with Spring Framework Experience with relational databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, etc.) as well as build tools (Maven, Ant, Gradle, etc.), Hibernate ORM, etc. Experience with Docker containerization, AWS cloud integration, big data solutions, and JavaScript web development are all considered assets Excellent verbal and written communication skills, and ability to work both in a team and autonomous (remote) environments 
ScrapedJobID1472:
Support the developers in delivering serverless web applications leveraging AWS Cloud Technologies (Lambda, API Gateway, Cognito, EMR, Batch, Elasticsearch, DynamoDB, RDS, EKS, MKS, S3, Redshift) Participate in development of analytics and web applications for underwriting & pricing solutions (AWS Elastic Kubernetes Service, Fargate, ECS, Kakfa, Docker, EKS on Fargate) Build monitoring and reporting dashboards for various web applications (AWS Elasticsearch, Kibana, Cloudwatch, Lambda) Create and maintain CI/CD pipelines for all web applications (Azure Devops, git) Create and maintain infrastructure as code (Cloud Formation, Terraform) Develop and support Interoperability APIs and Microservice applications Plan and estimate development tasks Conduct unit testing on developed code, with automated testing where relevant. Implement AWS resources following security, networking and compliance standards Create and maintain build and release DevOps pipelines Create security and compliance auto-remediation system (Lambda, SNS, Cloudwatch, Config, Guard Duty, Organizations) Automate and Govern resource creation in AWS with CloudFormation templates and AWS Service Catalog Create CloudFormation templates to use as infrastructure as code Experience with Cloud Computing Services (AWS preferred) Experience with Cloud Formation and/or Terraform Experience maintaining a Kubernetes environment Coding experience with Python Experience with SQL Understanding of Object Oriented Design Ability to work under pressure within a fast paced team Strong communication skills and willingness to take initiative Graduated in program in Computer Science/Engineering, Software Engineering, or similar Knowledge of version control such as git Understanding of task queuing and distributed systems Experience with agile development methodology & software developer life cycle Desire to learn new technologies (VueJS, ReactJS, Python, AWS, Docker, Serverless Architecture, AWS Lambdas, AWS Fargate, AWS EKS, AWS EMR, DynamoDB) Knowledge of ELK stack (ElasticSearch, LogStash & Kibana) and Github would be a bonus Knowledge and use of Github Immediate. Permanent and full-time. 
ScrapedJobID1473:
Collaborate with stakeholders, understanding business opportunities, collecting relevant information, and bringing insights to their strategy. Develop backend applications (with Python or Java), and frontend web applications (React). Fixing bugs and provide required support. Work on improvements for business products. Bachelor"s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related. At least 2-3 years of experience in the field. Experience working on end-to-end full-stack applications Proficient in Python or Java, and web development. Experience with relational databases and document stores. Attention to detail. Great communication skills and willingness to learn. Contact with Linux with version control. Cloud experience on Google Cloud or AWS. Containerization in Docker or Kubernetes. Experience with highly available distributed systems Collaborer avec les parties prenantes, comprendre les opportunités commerciales, collecter les informations pertinentes et apporter des informations à leur stratégie. Développer des applications backend (avec Python ou Java), et des applications web frontend (React). Corriger les bugs et fournir le support requis. Travailler sur des améliorations pour les produits d'affaires. Baccalauréat en informatique, en génie ou dans un domaine connexe. Au moins 2-3 ans d'expérience dans le domaine. Expérience de travail sur des applications full-stack de bout en bout. Maîtrise de Python ou Java, et du développement web. Expérience avec les bases de données relationnelles et les magasins de documents. Souci du détail. Excellentes capacités de communication et volonté d'apprendre. Contact avec Linux avec contrôle de version. Expérience cloud sur Google Cloud ou AWS. Conteneurisation dans Docker ou Kubernetes. Expérience avec des systèmes distribués hautement disponibles 
ScrapedJobID1474:
A degree in information technology, or equivalent experience 3- 5 years of experience with Typescript A background in data visualization 3 + years with React 3+ years with MobX/Redux Experience with MapboxGL/Deck.gl/Nebula.gl Experience with Visx C#/.NET/ASP.NET Postgres/Timescale Docker/Docker Compose AWS experience Remote Permanent 
ScrapedJobID1475:
Building pipeline scheduling and execution platform, as well as the corresponding frontend to manage and interact with the platform, to do analysis of our simulations and datasets; Developing on-premises cluster projects as well as utilizing public cloud computing infrastructure services; Building front-end Web Interface for engineers and testops to control and monitor the onboard system, that visualize in real time, the perceived surroundings and decided routes of our autonomous driving system; Building web-based tools to optimize the labelling of our datasets to greatly increase the efficiency and correctness; Develop vehicle oversight service software to monitor vehicles remotely Provide vehicle monitor and management API service to customers Proactively identify problems and make technical suggestion on requirements Experience in building highly scalable enterprise web applications Experience in developing microservices using AWS or other equivalent cloud framework Experience in developing secured API and publishing user document Excellent knowledge of different API mechanism such as REST, RPC/gRPC, HTTP, GraphQL Experience in developing extensible APIs and highly maintainable services. Experience in deploying, monitoring and maintaining services and systems. Excellent knowledge of databases like Dynamodb, Mongodb, SQL Fluent in JavaScript & Python Understanding of SOA, SAAS, and REST/OAuth/JSON architectures and services. Familiar with front-end Vue.js framework Familiar with back-end Flask or Django framework Familiar with iOS/Android mobile application development 100% employer-paid healthcare premiums for you and your family Work visa sponsorship available Relocation assistance available Gym membership reimbursement Monthly team building budget Learning/education budget 
ScrapedJobID1476:
Managing, inspiring and motivating a group of onsite and remote developers Leading your team through technical evolution towards scalable and modern architecture Ensuring overall team product development delivery is successful and on time Delegating and orchestrating tasks and managing dependencies Collaborating with other leaders to align towards common goals Supporting leadership as they define and drive technical vision and decisions, collaborating to help prioritize, set and own pod milestones, but also defining patterns and operational guidelines Helping to plan and implement a re-architecture of our primary application, ensuring that it is being written in a module way so that we keep our implementations DRY Ensuring adherence to common software development design patterns Ensuring coding standards are being adhered to, and that all code is written is rigorously tested before hitting our production applications/servers Coding, this is not required but available as you see fit to complement your other activities Computer Science degree (BSc.) or equivalent, At least 7+ years of combined development and leadership experience including managing remote teams The ability to communicate complex ideas clearly; thrive in an ambiguous and agile environment The ability to forecast and be two steps ahead of the team and development Desire to use your hard-earned skills as well as teach them Enthusiasm for constant improvement within your team and beyond 7+ years of experience in web application development, preferably in an Agile environment Experience in PHP (our legacy back-end technologies) and either Node.js or Python Experience with databases and SQL – our database is MySQL Familiarity with creating/building automated pipelines (Jenkins, CircleCI, etc.) Strong working knowledge of JavaScript and other popular libraries and frameworks, including, but not limited to: Vue.js, React,Underscore.js/Lodash, jQuery Rapid debugging and bug squashing abilities Technology agnostic and pragmatic engineering approach focused on problem-solving Experience with Amazon AWS (EC2, RDS, S3, EBS, EFS, SQS, Route53, Elasticache) 3 years HTML/CSS: 7 years (Preferred) Experience modernizing legacy applications in an iterative approach Experience working with Agile Methodologies Amazon AWS (Comprehend, Aurora, EC2, RDS, S3, SQS, Route53, ElastiCache, and more), Docker, Kubernetes, Tensorflow, Python, Node.js, TensorFlow, Vue.js, React, SageMaker Opportunity to be part of a dynamic, high-performance team where you can develop and advance your career in a fast-growing organization with no micromanaging A fantastic place to work and grow your career with mentoring, support, and talented people who excel at what they do A focus on meaningful work and cutting-edge technology that drives your professional development A culture of transparency where your team members are part of meaningful conversations Great tools, technology, hardware, and support so you can unleash your best and be proud of your impact Extensive 100% employer-paid insurance benefits - Extended Health Care, Dental Care, Vision Care, and Life Insurance for you and your family with nothing taken off your paycheque Beautiful new office space near the Toronto Harbourfront An extremely competitive salary based on experience Great atmosphere with great people to work with Excellent company events Free snacks and beverages Casual dress Flexible working hours around our core hours Work remotely temporarily during COVID-19 8 hour shift Temporarily due to COVID-19 
ScrapedJobID1477:
Develop and implement features and functionality for our products. Collaborate closely with our UX and product teams to bring designs to life. Translate user stories and designs into beautiful functioning software. Identify opportunities to experiment and introduce new technologies to meet our customers’ needs. Recent graduate of Computer Science, Software Engineering, Computer 1+ year experience with Ruby on Rails, React, PostgreSQL or equivalent technologies. Experience building web applications. Knowledge of working with REST APIs and Microservices. Strong team player with experience working with cross functional teams. Good understanding of software engineering, design patterns, and algorithms. You are self-driven and highly motivated. You have experience with small business and/or financial 
ScrapedJobID1478:
Construire des tests de haute qualité pour les services en nuage liés à l'authentification et à la prévention de la fraude. Travaillez en étroite collaboration avec vos collègues de l'ingénierie, des gestionnaires de produits et des opérations pour garantir la satisfaction du client de bout en bout. Participer à des sessions de conception technique pour nos solutions. Évaluer différentes technologies et outils pour aider à résoudre les problèmes d'ingénierie de l'assurance qualité. Travailler dans un environnement agile avec CI/CD Formation: Baccalauréat en informatique ou en génie logiciel, ou expérience de travail équivalente Minimum d'années d'expérience de travail: 3+ ans Solides compétences en développement Java Solides compétences en développement Python Forte compréhension des pratiques d'assurance qualité standard telles que la gestion des défauts, le développement de l'automatisation, les différentes catégories de tests : tests de fonctionnalité, tests de régression, tests de charge et de performance, etc. Fortes capacités de direction, grande visibilité auprès de la direction, représentatif, responsable et professionnel. Expérience de la programmation de systèmes distribués (protocoles : HTTP/REST, WebSockets, SOAP, gRPC). Expérience de travail en Agile, SCRUM avec pipeline CI/CD Expérience avec le test d'applications natives du cloud à l'aide de Docker, Kubernetes, etc. Avoir la capacité d'analyser et de résoudre des problèmes complexes rapidement et de manière créative. Bonnes compétences en communication écrite et verbale ; la langue de travail est l'anglais. Fort esprit d'équipe, travaillant également avec des pairs à distance, indépendant. Expérience avec C# .Net Expérience dans le développement d'un cadre d'automatisation à partir de zéro Expérience dans la conduite d'activités, la gestion de projets, la direction d'équipes. Bonne connaissance de JavaScript et d'autres aspects des applications web côté client. Connaissances de base en informatique : Configuration et maintenance des machines et systèmes de test Expérience des technologies de centre de contact et de la téléphonie (par exemple, JTAPI, SIP, Genesys, Avaya, Cisco, AWS, Microsoft) Expérience avec les réseaux, les technologies de streaming et l'analyse : TCP/IP, VoIP, RTP, WireShark, etc. Expérience avec les équilibreurs de charge logiciels, les files d'attente de messages et autres technologies de distribution de tâches. Build high quality tests for cloud services related to authentication and fraud prevention Work closely with peers from engineering, product managers, and operations to ensure end to end customer satisfaction Participate in technical design sessions for our solutions. Evaluate different technologies and tools to help solve QA engineering problems Work in an agile environment with CICD Design and develop end to end QA projects, write test plans, develop automation and execute tests. Education: Bachelor’s in computer science or Software Engineering Minimum years of work experience: 3 years or more Strong Java Development Skills Strong Python development skills Strong understanding of standard QA practices such as defect management, automation development, different tests categories: functionality tests, regressions tests, load and performance tests, etc. Strong leading capabilities, high visibility to management, representative, responsible and professional Experience with distributed systems programming (protocols: HTTP/REST, WebSockets, SOAP, gRPC) Experience with working in Agile, SCRUM with CI/CD pipeline Experience with testing cloud native applications using Docker, Kubernetes etc. Have the ability to analyze and solve complex problems quickly and creatively Good written and verbal communication skills; the language of business is English Strong team player, working also with remote peers, independent Experience with C# .Net Experience with developing automation framework from scratch Experience with leading activities, project management, team leader Good knowledge of JavaScript and other aspects of client-side web applications Basic IT-knowledge: Setup and maintenance of test machines/systems Experience with Contact Center technologies and telephony (e.g. JTAPI, SIP, Genesys, Avaya, Cisco, AWS, Microsoft) Experience with networking, streaming technologies, and analysis: TCP/IP, VoIP, RTP, WireShark, etc Experience with software load balancers, message queues and other task distribution technologies Location is in the heart of downtown Montreal Flexible hours Transit reimbursement and parking Working with international teams to push the boundaries of technology Competitive benefit package 4 weeks’ vacation 10 paid sick days Bonus Plan, Group RRSP, Deferred Profit Sharing Plan, Employee Stock Purchase Plan Canada's Top 100 Employers – 7 consecutive years Montreal’s Top Employers – 6 consecutive years Canada's Top Employers for Young People - 3 consecutive years 
ScrapedJobID1479:
A BCIC New Ventures Competition Winner Plug and Play Startup Showdown Winner BCIP Innovation Challenge Award Winner Coast Capital Savings Venture Prize Winner A Ready To Rocket Winner 2018 & 2019 Winner of ISIC Disease Classification AI Competition 2018 Member of Canada’s Digital Technology Supercluster Winner of ITAC Ingenious of the Year Awards, 2019 3+ years of experience in creating interactive web applications 2+ years of React experience Ability to design and implement slick and minimalistic dynamic web UIs using JavaScript, TypeScript, React, AJAX, HTML5, and CSS3 Proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them Ability to develop UIs that provide a consistent experience across all web browsers and operating systems Can efficiently work in a collaborative coding environment Software Design Patterns with the ability to apply patterns to business problems Bachelor’s degree in computer science or a related field, or equivalent work experience Competitive candidates will have experience in some of the following: Webpack, Python/Django, Jest, React Testing Library, Node.js, RESTful APIs, MySQL, and SocketIO Implement features on the Frontend side for our web applications Design well thought, clear, and polished UI, providing an engaging and delightful user experience Develop UI components for web-based application Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability Always use best practices in your code Think creatively and work outside the box - we love new ideas 
ScrapedJobID1480:
Dashboard development Alert system and automations Cloud-computing and back-end development Managing a software team Python, Javascript Front-end applications Vue.js and ReactJS Working with Swagger API, Express, NuxtJS Object Oriented Databases like MongoDB or similar Previous management experience with software teams Knowledge of good code collaboration and quality standards Automation / AI model implementation (Python ML Models) AWS Lambda, EC2 and cloud cost optimization LoRaWAN Stack, Networking Linux CLI 
ScrapedJobID1481:
Build tools and technology for the unique problems of inventory management, logistics, and order fulfillment Create new and innovative systems alongside streamlining and optimizing current processes Experience working in the latest technology, a ubiquitous culture based upon data, and a team of dedicated team members ready to collaborate Build software tools for better reporting and telemetry on our warehouse processes Build tools that support our operations and logistics teams to efficiently sort, pick, pack, and ship orders Contribute to solutions that aid in the tracking and retrieval of hundreds of thousands of consigned items across multiple warehouses 5+ Years experience in a Software Engineering role Strong understanding of building production-ready web applications and systems Fluency with any of Ruby, Elixir, Erlang Strong understanding of web-app performance fundamentals and related dev tools Mastery of git and Github workflows Bachelor of Computer Science degree or equivalent experience Experience building Operations and Logistics applications Strong understanding of web technologies: HTML5, Javascript, CSS/SASS, REST, JSON Experience with GraphQL Experience with Kafka Bonus pay Dental care Employee assistance program Flexible schedule Life insurance Paid time off Vision care Monday to Friday 
ScrapedJobID1482:
Lead a team of remote engineers Collaborate with stakeholders and partners across teams and departments Write performant, maintainable code that is easy to read and well-documented Write automated tests to thoroughly validate the correctness of your code Deploy large-scale web applications Have a focus on quality, and operate iteratively to get from good to better Be a part of your team's on-call rotation; we all own our code end-to-end from development to deployment to operations Come ready to learn from some of the best and brightest in the industry Work independently and collaboratively in a dynamic and fast-moving team Be effective in a team environment working with fellow engineers, product management, and design Experience with React or similar UI frameworks (e.g. Vue, AngularJS) Experience with Ruby on Rails or similar web frameworks (e.g. Django) Experience with deployment systems (e.g. CodeShip, AWS CodeDeploy) Familiarity with AWS Services (e.g. RDS, Kinesis, EC2, Lambda, et cetera) Familiarity with the Linux Operating System and command-line tools Understanding of OO design, algorithms, and data structures Familiarity with implementing e-commerce solutions is beneficial Aptitude to quickly learn new languages and technologies as necessary Computer Science or related degree Once in a lifetime opportunity to help revolutionize how the world learns! Fun, collaborative, and team-oriented work environment with plenty of training and a feedback rich culture Remote friendly Hackfest! Work-life balance Healthcare Plans (Medical, Dental, Vision, Life) 401k Company Matching Plan Flexible PTO plus a floating holiday (for your birthday!) Paid VTO ("Volunteer Time Off" to do community service/charity work) 52 hours of Free Learning Sessions per year for you or immediate families members and free access to our Virtual School Day classes and School@Home program Collaborative, and team-oriented work environment Try a free trial of our Live Learning Platform here: https://www.varsitytutors.com/freetrial 
ScrapedJobID1483:
5+ years of experience working in UI and front-end web engineering 3+ years experience with React and Redux Experience in crafting and implementing web applications with Javascript/HTML5/CSS3 Understanding of design/UX principles and ability to participate in design discussions. Experience with JSON & REST architecture Implement grid system for responsiveness Experience using Grunt, NPM (Node.js) Experience working within an organizational code base in multiple environments across numerous ongoing release cycles Experience integrating front-end web/UI interface with back end application server technologies Strong communication, organization, and leadership skills required Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. 
ScrapedJobID1484:

ScrapedJobID1485:

ScrapedJobID1486:

ScrapedJobID1487:

ScrapedJobID1488:

ScrapedJobID1489:

ScrapedJobID1490:

